Destined to Love You
https://s.swnovels.com/images/book-covers/17.jpg
In order to keep the orphanage, Angelia Wilson married Jonathan Miller instead of the only daughter of the Hunks who escaped marriage. Her first impression of him was that he was tall, handsome and ruthless. But when she was ill, the first person to call for a doctor was him. When she was sad, the first one to comfort her also was him. When the Hunks' only daughter came back, she was forced to leave.He held her hand tightly and said, "You are my wife. If you dare to leave, I will lock you on me with a chain!"	
Chapter 1 Get out of My Bed
	In summer days, the weather was much hotter in the afternoon.
	Located at the top of the mountain, Hunk's mansion was filled with joy. Everyone was busy working in the front yard.
	A small black shadow appeared stealthily in the garden.
	Suddenly, a sound of footsteps came from afar. Angelia Wilson hurriedly opened a door nearby and hid into it.
	Just when she turned around, she heard a big crash.
	With a sudden sharp pain in the back of her head, she blacked out and fell to the ground.
	At this time, a middle-aged man in a trim suit was standing outside the room, commanding the others, "Hurry up and get ready. Miller’s wedding car was arriving later! Stop dawdling! "
	…
	“It hurts so much...”
	“Who's pushing her?”
	Angelia frowned, the sharp pain from the back of her head kept her from opening eyes.
	“My goodness! Claudia, why are you still sleeping? It's been a while since the wedding car arrived.” Said a woman.
	‘Who's talking?’ Angelia thought. ‘What a pain!’
	“Stop murmuring...” She gave a hard cry.
	The woman said something again. Finally, it was quiet again.
	There was a chaos in Angelia's mind. She was sleepy to death, but someone kept shaking her.
	She opened her eyes difficultly and founded that she was being grabbed by several people and they were walking out. Her eyes seemed to be covered with a veil and she could not see anything clearly.
	Angelia’s head still hurt a lot.
	“…Where will you bring me to?”
	“Miss Hunk, the wedding car has arrived. We'll take you there.”
	‘Wedding... Wedding car?’ Angelia thought and blinked.
	Her minds were in a whirl that she couldn’t react for what happened, until there was a car in front of her and those people managed to put her into the car.
	"I…I don’t want to get married..."
	There are no expressions on those bridesmaids’ faces. They ignored Angelia's weak voice at all and put her in the car immediately.
	Then the door was locked.
	The noise around was momentarily cut off by the door.
	The quiet environment made Angelia's head more painful. Leaning weakly on the back seat, she felt drowsy again and fell asleep in a short time.
	…
	Angelia head hurt so badly.
	She felt it was about to crack.
	On the wide bed, Angelia, the petite girl, was lying on her side on the quilt, with her delicate body decorated by a white wedding dress.
	She couldn’t help frowning and her lips were slightly dry because of the lack of water.
	She opened her eyes with difficulty and a white ceiling entered into her sight. A long veil was hung by a golden hook and fell on the four corners of the bed.
	There is a faint smell of mint in the air.
	"Have you had enough sleep? Get out of here! "
	Suddenly a cold voice sounded full of anger.
	The chaos in Angelia's mind was suddenly swept away by the voice and her mind became clear.
	When she raised her head toughly, there was another sharp pain coming from the back of her head.
	“Uh... That hurts...” Angelia said.
	The deep nice male voice continued to say something.
	She couldn't hear clearly, but it was definitely not a good word.
	He frowned discontentedly.
	‘Such a nice voice, but…really nasty.’ Angelia thought.
	A hand suddenly reached out, pinched Angelia’s chin, and raised her sweet face.
	With her eyes moving up slowly, a handsome face appeared in front of her. His nose was high. He had a pair of sharp eyes and the pupils were dark and deep. His thin lips were slightly curving up, but with some appearance of scorn instead of smiling.
	He was looking at Angelia with a cold sight.
	“Do you want to get my sympathy? Unfortunately, I have never known the meaning of ‘sympathy’.”
	Angelia blinked. Her minds had always been in a chaos till just now. She was even unable to think when she saw the approaching face.
	“Why am I here?”
	“Well…”
	The man sneered, with sexy lips continued to spit out merciless words, looking at her indifferently.
	“I’ll give you three seconds to get out of my bed.”
Chapter 2 When did She Get Married
	Angelia didn’t move, feeling confused about the surroundings.
	She remembered that she was about to steal the property ownership certificate of her orphanage from Hunks’ house.
	The orphanage, which had brought her up for 12 years, was to be demolished very soon. New villas would be built there and more than 40 orphans would lose their home.
	Besides those children, Angelia had another reason to do that.
	She hadn’t encountered that boy again.
	The boy had ever promised that he would come back to meet her.
	Whatever, the orphanage could not be sold.
	But the dean told her that the certificate had been stolen by someone in the Hunks.
	She just wanted to take it back. But why was she here now?
	Wait a minute…
	Some time ago, it seemed that someone knocked her out.
	“Who are you?”
	Angelia sat up and unexpectedly found that she was wearing a white wedding dress.
	A wedding dress?
	Where was it from?
	The design of the strapless wedding dress was very revealing. Surrounded by a circle of diamonds, the deep V-Neck exposed the half of her chest to outside, which was very attractive.
	As a conservative person, Angelia was so startled that she covered her chest at once with her face blushing slightly.
	“What happened? What did you do to me?”
	“What did you want me to do?”
	Standing beside the bed, the man looked at the panicked girl at a dominating position. He sneered and said, “Did you get here only for playing a drama in front of me, after almost using up all your tricks for becoming Mrs. Miller?”
	Angelia frowned.
	‘Mrs. Miller?’
	“I don’t understand what you are talking about.”
	She was in Hunk’s house before. How did she get here?
	A hand reached out to her again. The man lifted Angelia up directly and threw her on the ground without mercy.
	There was no emotion in his eyes.
	“Do you want to keep playing dumb?”
	Although the soft carpet buffered the strength, Angelia fell to the ground. Her palm was scratched by the ground, the pain of which made her eyes red.
	“Who are you? Why did you do so?”
	“I don’t know you at all!”
	Angelia cried out furiously.
	The man’s movement of taking off his tie stopped. He glanced over his shoulder to her, with the cold sight like looking at the dead.
	“Claudia Hunk, I warn you. Do not test my patience.”
	“Claudia Hunk?”
	Angelia heard this name.
	It seemed that she had ever heard this name…
	It suddenly dawned on Angelia that what he was talking about was the daughter of the Hunks?
	“Sir, I think you have mistaken me for Claudia. My name is…”
	“Shut up! I don’t want to hear you.”
	“But I am really not…”
	Angelia tried to explain anxiously, but was interrupted by the man.
	He yelled at her, “If you dare say more words, I will break your teeth.”
	She turned white in horror and quickly closed her mouth.
	The man’s expression was so fierce that it seemed that he would really do so.
	He neatly pulled off the bow tie and the button of his shirt. Several strands of his hair hung disorderly on his forehead. He looked like a dormant tiger.
	The strong and moderate pectorals on his broad chest, as well as the beautiful six abdominal muscles all showed the strength of the man in front of her.
	Angelia drew back in fear, holding her knee, and huddling against the sofa.
	The man regarded her as nothing. He walked straight to the bathroom with his long legs.
	The sound of water came…
	The man is taking a bath.
	He should not come out for the time being.
	Angelia was relieved.
	After a few seconds, she lifted up her dress as soon as she rolled her eyes, quickly opened the door and ran out!
	
Chapter 3 Be More Obedient
	Run!
	Run!
	Run!
	There were all kinds of antique paintings hanging on the wall, a random one of which could be sold at a high price. But now Angelia was not in a leisurely mood to appreciate them.
	She ran very fast. The surroundings were quiet. She could only hear her breath.
	The house was too big to find an exit.
	But once she thought of that fierce man in the room, she couldn’t stop and quickened her pace.
	‘Why is here so big?’
	‘Jesus!’
	Just when her mood was about to collapse, a white light appeared in her sight.
	It was the gate!
	Angelia rushed out hurriedly. When she was stepping out, two people in suit appeared and blocked the gate entirely.
	“Mrs. Miller, please go back into the house.”
	Her hands were shaking.
	She gnashed her teeth, pretended to be calm and said, “Mr. Miller asked me to bring him a stuff.”
	The two bodyguards looked like didn’t hear anything. They still blocked the door with their strong bodies.
	“He really asked me to go out and help him…”
	“Help me do what?”
	The devil's voice suddenly sounded behind her.
	Angelia felt a shiver!
	Then her hand was grabbed and pulled back.
	She fell back into the man's arms, and his domineering smell suddenly entered into her nose.
	Jonathan Miller saw her clinging to himself, her soft body leaning on his chest. He revealed a little disgust in his eyes and pushed her away quickly.
	“Where do you want to go?”
	Angelia sank her head down and her whole body was trembling, which made her seem to be thinner.
	Her long chestnut-brown hair slightly curled and had become messy owing to the running. It fluffily hung in her back, setting her figure off to very petite.
	Her face was still pink. Her eyes were lowering and her curled lashes were thick and dense like two little butterflies. Her movement made Jonathan wanted to touch her lashes very much.
	Aware of the changes of his feelings, Jonathan was even more annoyed and his voice seemed to be frozen!
	“You want to run?”
	“No, I...”
	“Do you know how the Millers deal with the disobedient?”
	Trembling, Angelia saw the man in front of her as a devil.
	The man narrowed his eyes slightly.
	“Take her away and give her a lesson.”
	Two men in black popped up, got Angelia up and took her to the end of the corridor.
	“No! Let me go! ”
	Angelia screamed in terror, but her little strength was totally not enough to compete with that of two strong bodyguards.
	“You’ve really mistaken me for Claudia Hunk! I'm not her! ”
	But no one listened to her explanation. Seeing the man's face turn impatient, the two bodyguards moved more quickly and took her to a small dark room.
	“Wait a moment, you guys...”
	As soon as her feet landed, she turned around hurriedly to run out.
	The bodyguards stopped her again.
	“Miss Hunk, I hope you are clear about that Mr. Miller doesn't like being resisted.”
	“No, I...”
	Bang!
	The door was closed, taking away the last glimmer of light.
	Angelia was shaking with fear and her voice stopped abruptly.
	The room was dark. It seemed to be specially built to punish the disobedient.
	Angelia stepped back nervously. She found a corner, curled up with her knees in her arms, stared around in horror.
	It was darkness that scared her the most.
	She is not Claudia Hunk at all. She even didn’t know about Claudia. Why did they lock her up here?
	How long would that man lock her up?
	Great grievance poured from the bottom of her heart, wrapping her up at this moment.
	“Why? Why did they treat me like that? Is this the punishment of intending to steal the certificate?”
	A low sob came from the dark room.
	“I just want to protect my home...”
Chapter 4 How Complicated that Woman Is!
	In his large study, Jonathan Miller was standing by the window. Outside the window was a dense forest and continuous peaks which were extending outward.
	The whole forest along with the surrounding industries as well as the ancient and the long-history villa, all belonged to him.
	No one can walk into this area without his permission.
	Here was the kingdom of him.
	At this time, he held a glass of red wine and shook it gently. No emotion could be seen in his deep eyes. The black robe draped on him revealed his strong chest, showing his domineering presence.
	There he stood, like a king who ruled the world.
	“Mr. Miller, we have found the orphanage 12 years ago.” Truman Bell——an assistant of Miller, said, lowering his head behind Jonathan.
	Jonathan’s eyes moved slightly, but he didn’t speak.
	Noticing that Jonathan didn't want to speak, Truman went on, “the private orphanage had its official name ten years ago. Now it's called Sunshine Orphanage. After investigation, whether the information of time or location, it is in line with your description, Mr. Miller.”
	“Have you found her?” Jonathan finally spoke in a low voice.
	“In Sunshine orphanage, there is only one girl named Angela, but she has left the orphanage one year ago. According to the time, she should be 18 years old now."
	Heard the name “Angela”, Jonathan stood straight slightly. The soft voice of the girl reappeared in his mind.
	“What's your name? My name is Angela.”
	“Jon, if you can smile more, more people will like you. Although you don't like smiling, I like...”
	“Jon, I am afraid of darkness."
	“Jon, it's so nice that you have found your family. I always want to have one. Will you come back to visit me in the future?”
	Jonathan closed his eyes for a while. At that time, the little girl was still growing new teeth. She spoke gently and a little vaguely. And the name “Angela” accompanied him in the most important period of his life.
	The girl’s charming face came to his mind. She always followed him and called him Jon softly.
	‘Angela, I have built a home for you. Where are you?’
	‘According to her age at that time, she should be eighteen this year.’
	“It’s her.”
	Jonathan opened his eyes again and took a sip of red wine.
	“Find her.”
	“Yes, Mr. Miller.”
	After saying that, Truman thought of what the bodyguard had just told him, hesitated for a moment, and said, "Mr. Miller..."
	“Continue.”
	“Miss Hunk is still in the dark room.”
	Jonathan turned up the corners of his mouth. The beauty of ‘Hunk’ suddenly appeared in his mind and her panicked face hit his heart accurately.
	‘No!’
	‘Damn!’
	‘How complicated that woman is! She should affect my mood!’
	A cruel cold light flashed in Jonathan’s eyes.
	“Only a whip can make a disobedient person behave.”
	Truman opened his mouth as if he was to say something, but at last he didn't speak.
	‘In order to get power and cooperate with the Millers, the Hunks forced Mr. Miller to marry Claudia. Thereby they have the obligation to bear Mr. Miller’s anger.’
	‘According to their investigation, Claudia seems to be a good girl superficially, but she is a crazier one than anyone else in private life abroad, which couldn’t be seen by her family.’
	‘There is nothing deserving to be shown sympathy.’
	‘The girl Mr. Miller likes is named “Angela”.’
	‘After all, it was she who accompanied Mr. Miller in the loneliest period of his life.’
	‘As long as the girl is found, Claudia would be mercilessly driven out of the Millers.’
	Still standing in front of the window, Jonathan gently shook the red wine in his hand and drank it up.
	“Claudia Hunk, show me all of your tricks!”
	
Chapter 5 I Am Claudia Hunk
	It was pitch dark in the room.
	The girl who huddled in the corner was shivering.
	It was very dark here. Even the walls were painted black.
	The sound insulation material was added on the wall to make the room absolutely quiet without any sound.
	Every minute and every second was killing Angelia’s will.
	Bowing her head, she closed her eyes, and kept talking to comfort herself.
	“You cannot be afraid. Jon had said there was no ghost in the world. My dear Jon, why don't you come back?”
	The defense line at the bottom of her heart suddenly collapsed.
	She began to whimper, tears rolling down from her eyes, as if to vent the grievances of more than ten years.
	“Why don't you come to get me? The orphanage is about to be demolished. I can't wait for you anymore. Where are you?”
	At this time, only her weeping sound echoed in the dark and narrow room,.
	Angelia didn't know how long she cried. When she woke up again, it was still dark.
	She hurried back to the corner and stared around in horror.
	Hunger was eroding her body and her stomach was in a mess, which would crush her mind at any time.
	Boom!
	The closed door suddenly opened.
	The light rushed in from the outside, illuminating the small room.
	Angelia raised her head a little dully and looked at the light greedily.
	“Have you figured it out?”
	The man's merciless voice sounded.
	Angelia looked at Jonathan who stood at the door against the light. She was unable to see the expression on his face, but the indifference and cruelty in his tone still made her tremble.
	If she resisted again, she would be kept here!
	No!
	She would die! Really!
	“Think about it.”
	“Tell me who you are.”
	“I am...” A little hesitation flashed in Angelia's eyes. She finally answered, “I’m Claudia Hunk.”
	“Oh?” The man chuckled. “How much do you want from me after you become Mrs. Miller?
	There was a voice roaring in Angelia’s heart.
	‘No! It wasn't me!’
	‘I didn't do that! I don't know what happened at all!’
	But she looked very calm. She lowered her head slightly and acquiesced to all of these.
	“It’s me...”
	“Not a chance!”
	Jonathan came over against the light, pinched Angelia’s chin and lifted her face.
	“Claudia Hunk, I will make you regret of stepping into Miller’s house.”
	In a daze, Angelia just unconsciously obeyed the devil's words.
	She dared not resist.
	Having got no response from Angelia, the man left her with disgust, turned and walked off.
	“Take her back and get her cleaned up.”
	Angelia was thrown directly into the bathroom.
	“Mr. Miller wants to see you after half of an hour.”
	With that, the bodyguard shut the door and left.
	Angelia sat on the cold ground after reaction. She had been staying in the dark room all night and shivering with cold for a long time.
	She struggled to get up and reached for the tap. But she slipped and fell to the ground again as soon as she stood up.
	The cold hard ground directly collided with her body, which made her whole body hurt.
	Although such a big noise sounded in the bathroom, no one came to ask her what happened.
	They didn't care about her life at all…
	Or everyone hoped she was dead.
	Angelia thought of the dark eyes of the man, where there was ten-thousand-mile ice bed hidden, cruel and cold-blooded.
	Why did all these things happen?
	She didn’t know Claudia Hunk at all. Why did they treat her so cruelly?
	Angelia curled up, lying on the ground and crying. The tears rolled down from her eye, fell into the other eye, and finally dropped on the ground.
	“I want to go home…Home...”
	“But I don't have a home at all...”
	The tears in Angelia’s eyes couldn't stop. Her body became colder and colder and her consciousness began to blur, and soon she fell asleep.
Chapter 6 Why Are You Different from Her?
	“What the hell are you doing?”
	A furious voice suddenly appeared.
	It was like a thunder, waking Angelia from her dream.
	She opened her eyes and saw the angry face of the devil again.
	“Ah——Stay away from me!”
	She quickly stepped back with her hands waving to stop him from approaching.
	Her sharp fingernails instantly hurt the Jonathan’s face. Feeling a slight sting, his eyes blazed with more anger!
	He had been waiting for twenty minutes, but the woman didn’t show up. So he decided to come and have a look by himself.
	However, he didn't expect that the first thing he saw was a figure crouching on the ground as he opened the door.
	Her body was so cold as if there was no temperature.
	‘What a stupid woman! Does she really want to die?’
	Jonathan held up her face. The woman’s eyes were closed tightly and her lips were pale. She looked pitiful like a puppy, which slightly quicken his heartbeat.
	His expression became strained in an instant, and he looked at the face like staring at an enemy.
	He went here to visit this woman out of kindness. What about her?
	She hurt him!
	“Claudia Hunk, are you testing my patience with you? Unfortunately, it is zero.”
	Angelia hid in the corner alarmedly, hoping to shrink herself into a point.
	Her whole body, even the beautiful lips were trembling slightly.
	Noticing her reaction, Jonathan frowned impatiently.
	He dragged her out of the corner.
	Angelia struggled for a while. Suddenly, warm water fell from her head and showered her clothes.
	After the chill on her body was driven away, Angelia took a breath of relief comfortably as if she had regained her new life.
	Jonathan glared at her fiercely and held her waist tightly for fear that she would run away.
	“Do you want to freeze yourself to die?”
	Angelia woke up in a flash. When she saw the face close to her, she is scared to retreat.
	But Jonathan’s arms gripped her waist. She just could take a step backward and was forced to get forward again!
	Her forehead hit directly on Jonathan’s chin.
	Angelia was shocked.
	The man squinted, looking down at her dangerously.
	She trembled with fright. Then she put out her hand quickly and cover Jonathan’s chin, weeping and kneading.
	“I'm sorry, I'm sorry...”
	“Shut up!”
	Angelia dared not speak, so she hurriedly pursed her lips, with her tears were still dropping down, mixing with the warm water. And her hands also didn’t stop. She kept kneading his chin.
	Jonathan was more irritated by her piteous look.
	‘Why is the Claudia Hunk different from the data from our survey?’
	According to Jonathan’s investigation, the only daughter of Hunk’s family pretended to be obedient at home and was domineering outside. People didn't know how many bad things she had done. She was totally not like the woman in front of him.
	Was her acting so flawless that she hadn’t made any mistakes?
	Her soft hand kept rubbing his chin. Jonathan didn’t say stop, witnessing her hands become tired but dare not stop, suddenly he felt a little satisfied.
	‘In any case, the information of investigation won’t be wrong.’
	‘Besides, this woman was picked up by Truman himself from the Hunk’s house.’
	‘Claudia Hunk, I'd like to see how long you can keep on acting.’
	Angelia frowned slightly as her arm was too tired to lift, but she dared not stop.
	She didn't want to be locked in that dark room any more.
	She just had to clench her lips and continued to rub gently.
	All of a sudden, a hand reached out to her, lifted Angelia’s chin and raised her face.
	“Mr. Miller, you… Ah!”
	The wedding dress on her was torn suddenly!
Chapter 7 Are you Worth 24 million
	Angelia cried out with a panic and hurriedly covered her chest.
	The warm water kept falling on her body and flowing down her smooth skin.
	Jonathan didn't expect that there was such a perfect figure under the heavy wedding dress.
	His eyes were lingering on her. When he saw that she was still wearing jean, his face felt.
	‘Does her still want to escape?’
	Anger pervaded his eyes. Jonathan suddenly jerked Angelia over and their bodies were close together.
	Under his palms were her smooth and delicate skin, slender waist and long arms.
	His broad palm cruised along her back to her waist, and gently grasped it. He felt that her waist was really thin and almost could be covered by his two hands.
	“Don't...”
	Angelia lowered her head and resisted in a low voice.
	The arms put on her waist were tighter. The two people’s bodies got close again, more intimate than before.
	He reached out his hand and raised Angelia’s sweet face, tears filling with her eyes.
	“Isn't that what you want?”
	Angelia shook her head sharply.
	“No... No…”
	“I want you to remember your own identity. And I am your husband.”
	“At least for now.”
	He added. Then he sank his head and kissed Angelia’s sweet and cool lips. The tip of his tongue forcibly broke through the defense of her teeth and entered into her mouth. His tongue entwined her tongue wildly and swept all the corners of her mouth.
	“No…Hmm…”
	If she had known that becoming Claudia Hunk would be treated like this, she would have preferred to stay in the small dark room all the time.
	Angelia wanted to push him away, but her strength couldn't compete with him at all.
	She was held in Jonathan's arms, and it seemed that he wanted to put his own marks on her.
	Angelia was forced to look up, tears falling from the corner of her eyes and flowing into the water, at last disappearing.
	‘Jon…’
	‘Where are you, Jon?’
	After the kiss, Jonathan finally let her go. Her jeans had been taken off while they were busy kissing.
	Angelia’s long white legs were exposed.
	Jonathan tore off her trousers, leaving her white clothes only.
	“No!”
	Angelia screamed and pushed the person in front of her.
	But her strength couldn’t shake him at all!
	“Don't…Don't do this to me...”
	She punched his chest hard, tears flowing from the end of her eyes and disappearing into the water.
	Jonathan looked down at the woman in his arms, with the lust hidden in his eyes that he hadn’t found himself.
	“Don't do this?”
	His hands stroked her waist, making Angelia's scream.
	“Or that?”
	Jonathan’s voice, a little hoarse, got close to her ear.
	“You want it, don't you?”
	‘No...’
	‘I don’t…’
	Angelia shook her head.
	Seeing that she was still stubborn, Jonathan showed a little indifference in his eyes. He drew back his hand and released her mercilessly.
	Angelia stood unsteadily and almost fell to the ground. She grabbed Jonathan hurriedly.
	Jonathan's hands didn’t move, and his eyes were filled with sarcastic smile.
	“Look, who wants it now?”
	As Angelia's palm suddenly became hot, she quickly took it back.
	But then, a pair of strong arms suddenly scooped her up and took her to the bathtub.
	“Now, let me see if you really worth 24 million.”
	
Chapter 8 You Stupid Woman
	Angelia had been stunned at that moment, and then struggled fiercely for the next second.
	Jonathan held her down with his hands.
	“Why are you still pretending? Didn't you enjoy it until just now?”
	“No! I don't want it! Let me go!”
	Jonathan frowned tightly. If she just played hard to get, it was kind of appeal. But if she did it all the time, it would be intolerable.
	He loosened his hands and threw the person in his arms into the bathtub.
	The overwhelming hot water submerged Angelia at once. She choked several mouthfuls in a row, hands waving around which was trying to grasp something to rely on.
	The bathtub was horribly big and smooth. She couldn't stand stably and kept falling into the water.
	“Help... Help me...”
	As her hands suddenly caught something, Angelia quickly clung to it and firmly grasped it. When she surfaced, she still looked down with lingering fear.
	“You have too many flaws.”
	A deep male voice was heard overhead.
	Angelia looked up abruptly. As soon as she saw Jonathan's face, she let go quickly because was frightened and fell into the water again.
	Jonathan frowned, looking at the woman who fell into the water was still struggling. After choking for a few more water, she still refused to ask for his help.
	He looked at her angrily.
	‘Ok. If you want to die, no one will stop you!’
	Jonathan clenched his fist.
	The person in the water tried to step on the bathtub, but she slipped again, directly fell into the water again and struggled desperately.
	She was almost drowning…
	Jonathan suddenly lifted Angelia out of the water.
	“You stupid woman!”
	Angelia held the edge of the bathtub and gasped heavily. With the fear of dying coming to her mind again, her face became bloodless.
	After a while, when she looked up again, Jonathan was gone.
	Angelia took a breath of relief and slowly climbed out of the bathtub, lying on the ground to rest.
	She washed her body again. All of her clothes were already wet and could not be worn any more. Angelia had to walk out in a bathrobe.
	When she went out, she saw a suit of clothes on the chair.
	She picked it up. It was a long white dress.
	After she changed her clothes and walked out of the room. A person who was waiting outside bowed his head and said, “Miss Hunk, Mr. Miller is waiting for you in the study.”
	Angelia pursed her lips. She recalled the scene in the bathroom just now, and her hand behind her was clenched as a fist.
	Here was Jonathan's territory. His men was everywhere no matter inside or outside the house.
	No one believed her. They convinced that she was Claudia Hunk.
	Angelia followed the man to a black door.
	The person who brought her had disappeared silently. Angelia took a deep breath and knocked at the door.
	There was no response from the room.
	She thought about it. Then she raised her hand and pushed the door open.
	The light in the huge study was dim, and there was a man sitting behind the broad solid wood table. Half of his face was hidden in the dark, only showing his strong chin.
	Angelia bit her lip and stopped at the door.
	“Come here.” Jonathan said.
	Angelia didn't move.
	“Do you want me to catch you by myself?”
	Jonathan spoke again, with anger in his voice.
	She just took a few slow steps forward and stopped in the middle of the study without saying any word.
	“Don't pretend any more, Claudia Hunk. When our two families decided to get married, your information had been sent to me.”
	In the dark, Jonathan's voice was low, domineering and irresistible.
	“Together with the things you have done abroad. Do you think it's necessary to continue performing your tricks?”
	A pile of files were thrown away and directly landed at Angelia's feet.
	She stooped to pick it up and turned it over. It was recorded Claudia Hunk.
	The only daughter of the Hunks, who was smart and clever at home, was entirely changed when she went abroad. She did whatever she wanted while dancing on the margin of the law.
	Angelia quickly finished reading, but didn’t find a picture of Claudia Hunk.
	‘It was strange.’
	“What else do you want to say?”
	“Can I meet the Hunks...” Thinking of her present identity, Angelia corrected herself, “No, can I meet my parents?”
	As long as she could meet Randall Hunk and Daphne Hunk, her identity must be able to proved.
	She was not Claudia Hunk. She didn't know the devil's wife. She just wanted to leave here!
	That's it!
	
Chapter 9 This Is Your First Lesson
	“You want to see your parents?”
	Jonathan cast suspicious eyes, which seemed to be able to see through her heart.
	Angelia clenched her fist behind her. She was very nervous.
	“Yes.”
	“Why?”
	‘What?’
	Angelia looked at him feeling strange.
	“I just want to see...”
	“I know.” Jonathan interrupted her faintly. “But why should I meet your requirement?”
	Angelia calmed down. She found that she couldn't reason with this insolent man in front of her.
	Jonathan gently stepped on the chair, raised his long straight legs and folded them on the table. He leaned back slightly to take a look at her.
	“Come here.”
	Angelia hesitated for a moment.
	Jonathan's voice was firmer, with some anger. “Don't make me say it twice.”
	She sipped her lips and walked to him slowly.
	Before she could stand still, Jonathan suddenly reached for her.
	She lost balance and fell on him directly.
	“Ah!”
	She was in a hurry to get up, but Jonathan put his arms around her waist
	Broad palm rubbed her waist across the thin skirt.
	“You want to see Randall Hunk?”
	“Yes...”
	Angelia dared not move again.
	Jonathan chuckled, his chest slightly shaking.
	“Give me a reason to say yes.” He paused, pinched Angelia's chin and squinted at her. “Mrs. Miller, do you think I spent 24 million dollars on you, just to make you a guest?”
	Angelia bit her lower lip. “What do you want me to do?”
	“As Mrs. Miller, you should know how to do.”
	There was no temperature in the man's smiling voice. Angelia clenched her fist, closed her eyes and kissed him on the cheek with trembling lips.
	“Is that all right?”
	Jonathan chuckled. “You think it's worth 24 million?”
	Angelia was shaking all over, but if she couldn't see the Hunks, she couldn't prove her identity.
	She didn't want to stay here any longer.
	Her palms were a little sweaty.
	She lowered her head again and kissed Jonathan's lips gently.
	With a kiss like a dragonfly skimming the water, Angelia left quickly.
	Just when she moved away, Jonathan’s hands on her waist pressed down quickly.
	Angelia was pulled down by force. He grasped her waist with one hand and held her head with another hand.
	A hot kiss was at the touch of a hair.
	Angelia pushed him hard, but her strength couldn't compete with Jonathan at all.
	She was controlled and kissed everywhere in her mouth. He was like trying to swallow her.
	There were no feelings in the kiss at all, only aggression!
	Angelia's body trembled a little. Not knowing how long it took, Jonathan finally let her go.
	“This is the first lesson, Mrs. Miller. I hope you can study hard in the future.”
	Without Jonathan's support, Angelia could hardly stand.
	“Let me meet my parents.” Seeing Jonathan still silent, Angelia gritted her teeth, “Jonathan, I really…could do like that.”
	Jonathan saw her slightly red eyes and frowned impatiently. He stood up abruptly and walked out.
	“Since you want to see them so much, I will fulfill your wish.”
	The door of the study was slammed.
	Only Angelia was left alone in the empty room. She stood up tiredly, wiped the tears that were about to overflow from her eyes, walked away slowly, and straightened her back.
	She had to get out of here.
	
Chapter 10 Of Course I Know You Are Not Her
	As soon as Jonathan gave orders, his men quickly arranged everything. In the afternoon, Randall Hunk and Daphne Hunk were led to Jonathan's private house.
	Angelia looked at Jonathan, who was sitting on the head of the table. She got up eagerly.
	The Hunks came in. Their eyes fell on Angelia, showing a little curiosity and moving away quietly.
	Jonathan looked at Angelia, but did not stand up.
	Randall Hunk clasped his hands behind him.
	“Jonathan, why did you call us here at this time?”
	Jonathan leaned back on the chair and looked at Angelia.
	“Just because my wife, your daughter said, she wants to see you.”
	Angelia came quickly at this time.
	Judging from their reaction just now, the Hunks obviously didn't know her.
	Angelia seemed to have caught the last straw.
	“Mr. Hunk! Please tell them that I am not Claudia Hunk, I am not your daughter!”
	There was a quiet moment in the big living room.
	After a while, Randall Hunk took Angelia's hand and smiled heavily.
	“Claudia, what are you talking about? Aren't you our own daughter?”
	Angelia was shocked to look at him.
	“No!”
	She shook off Randall Hunk.
	“I don't know you at all! I'm not Claudia Hunk!”
	Angelia widened her eyes in horror and took a step back.
	Randall Hunk looked at Angelia with a smile. A fine light flashed in his eyes. He was like an old fox.
	“Claudia, are you still angry?”
	“I know you don't want to get married, but you have mentioned that you like Mr. Miller very much before. Since you are married now, don’t be angry anymore, OK?”
	“No! No! “
	Angelia shook her head unbelievably, turned around and grabbed Daphne Hunk beside her.
	“Mrs. Hunk, tell them that I'm not Claudia, I'm not...”
	Daphne Hunk looked at her doubtfully, just about to speak.
	“Claudia!”
	Randall Hunk suddenly raised his voice and interrupted Angelia's words.
	“Don't lose your temper anymore! You agree to this marriage by yourself! How will Mr. Miller think of our family after you made this terrible scene?”
	Jonathan sat by and looked at them coldly.
	Randall Hunk turned to Jonathan and said, “Mr. Miller, give me a little time. I'll give her a good lesson. Claudia is too rebellious.”
	“No...”
	Angelia came forward in a hurry to explain.
	Jonathan looked at her and saw that she became so nervous that she was about to cry. Seeing her pale face, there was a vague emotion flowing out from his heart.
	He frowned discontentedly and suppressed the feeling.
	“Then thanks Mr. Hunk for your teaching. I don't like people who don't obey my words.”
	With that, he turned and went out.
	The door opened and closed. There were only three people left in the room, Angelia and two Hunks.
	Angelia looked at them nervously.
	“I'm not, I'm not your child, not Claudia Hunk!”
	Randall took a look at her and the smile on his face disappeared instantly. It became cold in less than a second.
	“Of course I know you are not her!”
	“Then why do you...”
	Randall Hunk snorted coldly, turned his head and didn't even look at Angelia.
	“If I didn't say that just now, Jonathan would find that the woman he married wasn't the daughter of ours at all. Do you think we still have a way to survive?”
	Angelia was shocked all over. ‘Randall Hunk pushed her into the danger in order to protect the Hunks’ family?’
	
Chapter 11 You are a Thief!
	The room fell into silence again.
	Daphne Hunk rushed towards Angelia and grabbed her clothes.
	“Where did you hide Claudia? Answer me!”
	“I totally don't know what's going on.”
	Angelia broke away from her hands.
	“I just want to get the things of orphanage back. Somehow I was knocked out and brought here...”
	A light flashed in Randall Hunk's eyes. He looked at Angelia carefully for a while, as he thought she looked a bit familiar.
	Some time ago, Hunk’s Real Estate acquired a number of industries to build into a new residential area. During the process, they met several nail households, one of which was an orphanage.
	He has gone to the orphanage once and met the person in front of him.
	“What are you going to do when you sneak into my house?”
	“I... I want to protect the orphanage...”
	“You want to steal the property certificate?”
	Angelia calmed down and didn't speak, pursing her lips.
	Daphne looked at Angelia in shock and pointed to her.
	“Are you a thief?”
	She grabbed Angelia's arm and pulled her to go out.
	“You damn thief! I'll take you to the police!”
	Angelia's face turned pale with fright and struggled hard!
	“You stole the property certificate first! I just took it back in the same way!”
	“You want to argue? Go! Let's go to the police! “
	Daphne gnashed her teeth and pulled Angelia outside.
	“Wait a moment.”
	Randall suddenly spoke.
	He came over and looked up and down at Angelia.
	“Do you want to go back to the orphanage?”
	Angelia looked at Randall, who was smiling like a fox.
	“If you can do something for me, I will promise you to remain the orphanage.”
	There was a gleam in his eyes, which reflected that he was harboring bad intentions.
	But his offer was so tempting that Angelia chose to ask, “What can I do for you?”
	“Since you are regarded as Claudia by Jonathan, you just continue playing the role.”
	“No way! That man is terrible... “
	“Think of the orphanage.” Randall interrupted her.
	Angelia frowned.
	“But even if Jonathan believed it, others would find out sooner or later.”
	Randall smiled smugly.
	“Claudia was sent out by us since she was a child. She hasn't come back for seven years. As long as we three don't say anything about it, no one will find out.”
	Angelia clenched her lower lip.
	Randall continued, “You only need to take the place of Claudia for a few days. As long as we find her, you can be free and the orphanage can remain. Think about it. It's cost-effective to change all the people in the orphanage with your several days.”
	Finishing his word, Randall gave Angelia the right to choose, and he was sure that she would agree.
	Angelia held her fist tightly and began to faint in resolution.
	“Are you really going to keep the orphanage?”
	“Of course.”
	“When can you find Claudia?”
	“Of course, I also want to find her soon. I will call everyone in my family take action and find her soon.”
	Gazing at Randall, Angelia was actually clear about the fact that it would push herself into the fire pit. However, when she thought of the orphanage, she could only grant his request.
	She closed her eyes slowly.
	“Remember what you promised me.”
	Randall smiled contentedly.
	“By the way, during searching for Claudia, you can't let Jonathan find out your identity.”
	Stepping out of Miller’s house, Daphne was worried and held Randall.
	“Do you really want to remain the orphanage?”
	Randall sneered.
	“Who cares her when Claudia comes back?”
Chapter 12 Antiques Restorer
	Angelia sat on the sofa for a while, and the housekeeper suddenly came in.
	“Miss Hunk, Mr. Miller asked you to go to the study.”
	Just hearing Jonathan's name, Angelia's body trembled.
	But thinking of her agreement with Randall, she could only struggle to stand up.
	In the huge study, Jonathan stood in front of the window.
	Outside the window were continuous mountain and vast forest. The man's back was very broad with great aggression.
	Hearing the sound, he turned his head and his sharp eyes swept over her.
	Angelia looked down slightly and stood in place.
	Jonathan chuckled.
	“It seems that your father have taught you well.
	Angelia clenched her fist.
	“Mr. Miller, what can I do for you?”
	Jonathan stared at her. The woman in front of him was holding her hands tightly and her face became a little white.
	“Are you afraid of me?”
	“No.” Angelia answered hurriedly.
	Jonathan frowned and raised her face.
	“Talk while look at me.”
	Angelia’s eyes turned, and finally stopped on Jonathan's face.
	The dark pupils, bright like the light on the water, reflected Jonathan's appearance.
	Jonathan's felt a leap of his heart and he could not help approaching her a little bit. Although he knew that all these were her pretending to be, he was attracted involuntarily.
	Inside her dark eyes were falling stars, as if were to absorb him.
	Jonathan was getting her closer and closer…
	“Mr. Miller!” Angelia suddenly spoke.
	Jonathan's movement stopped abruptly. They were very close, almost press their lips together. He could even smell the faint fragrance from Angelia's body, which was refreshing.
	‘What's wrong with him?’
	Jonathan frowned. He pushed Angelia away quickly, like dodging beasts!
	He turned his back to her.
	“Go back! I don't want to see you now.”
	‘He was the one who was willing to see her, and he is also the one who is unwilling want to see her.’
	‘But it’s better to be unwilling to see her.’
	Angelia turned her head without hesitation and left.
	After several minutes, Jonathan found that there was no sound behind him. He turned around and had a look, only to find that she had left for a while.
	Be gone?
	Jonathan suddenly got angry.
	‘Ask her to go and then she really goes?’
	‘This woman was still very obedient!’
	He narrowed his eyes and reached for the house phone on the table.
	“Truman! I need to go to the company!”
	Angelia came out of the study and was soon attracted by the antique paintings in the corridor.
	“Isn't it Webster’s painting? And Laer’s, Douggs’...”
	She walked along, and her vision continued to be attracted by the paintings on the wall.
	The deeper she went in, the more shocked she was!
	There are more than ten paintings on the corridor, some of which had been fired up to billions of dollars in the outside world, some of which were worthless. But without exception, all of which survived from the last century.
	Angelia walked down the corridor. When she passed the living room, her eyes suddenly stopped on the table in the corner of the living room.
	Her eyes widened.
	She hurriedly walked past, bent down, and carefully observed the emerald paperweight, which seemed to be placed randomly on the table.
	The green paperweight was carved from a whole piece of jade. There was a green lifelike dragon, as if it would fly into the heaven at any time.
	Angelia carefully picked up the paperweight on the table and observed it with widening eyes.
	She liked to study all kinds of antiques, and her dream was to become an antiques restorer.
	
Chapter 13 A House Full of Antiques
	At this time, seeing so many cultural relics, Angelia was like a fish swimming in the ocean, looking around excitedly and touching those antiques.
	There were a large number of cultural relics in the middle ages. In a living room were more than ten pieces of antiques and each of them had a quotation of more than one million dollars. Such a living room was worth more than one billion.
	Angelia's eyes brightened. She suddenly saw a cage cup on the corner table.
	It was more than half a meter high, with a long neck and a high circle foot.
	Each of the four corners had a dragon head. Angelia saw it on TV before. It was the second existing model only to Lycurgus Cup. It had been made in one-step molding and it reflected the extremely high technology of the makers.
	Angelia remembered that the last time she saw the price on TV, which was more than 70 million.
	She went over with her eyes shining, reached out to touch it, and drew back quickly.
	Such a treasure could not be touched by hand.
	She looked around anxiously, just in time to see the steward passing by. She hurriedly ran over.
	“Mr. Steward! Mr. Steward!”
	When the steward heard the voice, he turned to look at her and leaned slightly.
	“What can I do for you, Miss Hunk?”
	There was no expression on his face. He looked very indifferent, but also perfectly dedicated.
	Angelia remembered that it was him that took several bodyguards to throw her into the dark room. Her face suddenly froze and she nearly stopped opening her mouth.
	“Do you have new gloves?”
	“Yes, I'll get it for you right away.”
	He nodded and turned to leave.
	“Wait!”
	Angelia hurried to stop him.
	“Can I have a look at the antiques in the living room?” She pointed to the cage cup.
	“Sure. Those are put there to display.”
	As soon as the housekeeper left, Angelia was happy again. She excitedly circled the cup for several times.
	The housekeeper sent a pair of clean gloves very soon. She put them on excitedly and immersed in the history ocean.
	The housekeeper gave her a look.
	The person who seemed to be a little bit childish widened her bright eyes, even her faces turned red with excitement. Her hands with gloves were constantly rubbing the cage cup ecstatically.
	From his view, he could see that she didn't have any idea of interest in the antique.
	The eyes were too simple.
	After thinking, the housekeeper brought the materials in his hand to the study.
	Jonathan was checking his company documents. Although he didn't go to the company in person most of the time, he still spent time on remote control every day.
	The steward gave him the documents and hesitated for a while.
	“Miss Hunk just asked for a pair of gloves and was studying the cage cup in the living room.”
	Jonathan asked casually, “does she want it?”
	“I think Miss Hunk is just interested in antiques.”
	Jonathan raised his head. The previous investigation hadn’t shown that she was interested in antiques.
	“She can do whatever she wants, but you should send someone to watch her.”
	“Yes, sir.”
	After the steward left, Jonathan continued to work. But during the long time of checking those files, he kept thinking of Angelia.
	‘That woman loves antiques?’
	‘This hobby doesn't match her previous information entirely.’
	But thinking of the person who had slightly round little face, seriously observing the ancient cage cup…
	‘What will her look like?’
	After thinking for a while, he finally stood up and walked out.
	
Chapter 14 Falling Down
	Jonathan came out of the study and walked straight to the living room. When he was about to enter in, he suddenly stopped.
	In the living room, a figure stood against the light. He could see her profile.
	She stooped slightly, and the white gauze dress was exposed to the light. The exquisite curve of her body could be vaguely seen.
	Angelia's gloved hands were touching the cage cup in front of her eyes, unable to let go.
	Her cheeks were flushed and her eyes were also slightly glowing. All of her energy was dedicated to the cup.
	Jonathan was the first time to see the side of her.
	He stopped and stared at the person standing at the intersection of light and shadow.
	“Do you like this?” He burst into conversation.
	Angelia was scared and turned her head like a frightened rabbit.
	She got back in restraint as soon as she saw Jonathan.
	“Mr. Miller...”
	Angelia moved her eyes in panic, but she didn't dare to look at Jonathan.
	Just now, she was still abandoning herself in appreciating the cage cup and was as happy as a fish in water. But when he walked in, the delighted look on her face as if had been broken in an instant. The atmosphere of the whole room condensed in an instant.
	Jonathan frowned. He suddenly became more upset.
	He raised his feet and walked in. The closer he got, the more nervous Angelia felt.
	“Are you afraid of me?”
	Angelia shook her head.
	Jonathan's eyes narrowed slightly, and came directly to her. They were so close that he could feel Angelia's lashes shaking because of tension.
	He held up Angelia's face with his hands.
	“Do you like antiques?”
	Angelia's eyes followed his hands.
	‘Will such a small interest be deprived?’
	She closed her eyes and her fingers tightened her skirt.
	“I want to be an antiques restorer... “
	‘After hearing my words…What will he do?’
	Taunt? Or stop me?
	Angelia tightened her body and waited for his order.
	Jonathan calmed down. After a while, he took his hand back.
	“OK.”
	He snorted, but he didn't say anything more. He just turned around and left.
	Angelia waited for a while. When saw him leave, she had a long sigh of relief.
	She thought he would not allow her to touch these priceless antiques. After all, if they were damaged, the price would be greatly reduced. But Jonathan didn’t seem to express this meaning…
	Although Angelia looked at the cage cup in her hand, her mind had flown to Jonathan's face.
	‘Does he permit me to touch these things?’
	Angelia thought about it. She finally left the living room. Just after she came out, the carved decoration on the stair handrail attracted her eyes instantly.
	The wooden stairs spiraled up. The railings of them were made of ebony wood. Every other section, there were patterns of ancient animal heads carved, which seemed to be playing, serious, ancient and mysterious.
	There were more than a dozen of such animal heads, and they extended to the upwards.
	Angelia remembered that she had heard of the ancient and mysterious carving technology.
	She raised her foot and went up, observing one by one. She went upstairs, totally immersing in her own world.
	“Claudia!”
	Angelia heard the cry, but she didn't respond at once. After a while, she finally remembered that she had become Claudia, so she quickly turned back.
	“What… Ah!”
	She suddenly missed her footing.
	Before she could see who was calling her, she tilts back!
	She had been close to the second floor unconsciously when she was appreciating the carving. And she directly fell down from the height of two meters!
	Under the stairs, Jonathan's pupil shrank. She rushed to her quickly!
	
Chapter 15 I Can Fix It
	Angelia fell from the second floor and fell into Jonathan's arms.
	The huge impact made him take a step back. The pendant that had been hung on his wrist broke instantly, threw itself out, and slipped far away on the ground.
	Jonathan looked at the direction of his pendant. A little panic appeared on his face at that moment.
	But soon he took back his eyes and held the person in his arms tightly.
	Angelia was closing her eyes. After a while, she didn't feel any pain, so she quietly widened her eyes with fear.
	Jonathan's arms firmly held her, with some anger on his face.
	“What the hell are you doing?”
	He shouted at her.
	Angelia raised her head and said slowly, “I'm looking at the carving on the stairs...”
	“Fall directly from above while looking at that? Do you feel tired of living actually?”
	Angelia noticed her state at this time. If there was no Miller, she must have broken her bone now.
	“No...”
	“I just don't want to see someone dead at home. I can't explain to your parents.”
	Jonathan said with cold face. Then he put her down.
	Just when she landed, Angelia's body was so weak that she could hardly stand. She fell forward into Jonathan's arms.
	Jonathan just looked at her coldly and didn't reach out.
	Angelia held his arm and their body close together. Her face blushed a little. And she managed to stand still.
	“Sorry...”
	Jonathan looked up and down at her, turned around and walked towards the broken pendant on the ground.
	When he saw the pendant broken in two, he frowned and turned gloomier.
	Angelia hurriedly walked over and saw that he picked up the pendant on the ground.
	It seemed to be a photo necklace.
	On the silver necklace hung a hollow heart-shaped necklace, in which there were usually photos of close relatives.
	But now, the necklace had been broken into two pieces, and the hollow heart shape had also been bumped into a concave piece, which couldn’t be opened.
	Angelia was slightly surprised. This must be thrown away when he saved her just now.
	He has been wearing it. It must be something of significance.
	“Mr. Miller...”
	As she opened her mouth, Jonathan folded his hand and put the necklace in the palm of his hand, avoiding her sight.
	Jonathan stood up, with his face cold.
	“No one will save you next time.”
	With that, he turned and left.
	Angelia rushed after him.
	“Mr. Miller, I can help you to have a look at your necklace. Maybe I can fix it.”
	Jonathan kept on moving, and he walked forward with a cold look.
	“Mr. Miller!”
	Angelia quickened her pace and followed him.
	“I've learned some technologies. This kind of necklace can be repaired without a long time.”
	‘If he didn’t save her, the necklace wouldn't have been damaged.’
	Angelia had learned some repairing skills before. It was not difficult to repair a necklace.
	Jonathan's steps suddenly stopped.
	Angelia almost bumped into it. She almost couldn’t stand still.
	“Mr. Miller...”
	“Can you fix it?” Jonathan interrupted her with a calm voice.
	Angelia gasped.
	“Yes… I can fix it.”
	Jonathan turned around and stared at her.
	Angelia suddenly got nervous. His eyes seemed to see through her heart.
	Her hands were clasped behind her, and sweat was seeping because of her nervousness.
	Jonathan suddenly reached out and handed her the necklace.
	“Then you can try.”
	Angelia took over carefully. Just as she was ready to have a good look, Jonathan opened his mouth and spat out the cold threat.
	“If it breaks a little...”
	He didn't finish, but the threat in his tone was chilling.
	Angelia suddenly got nervous. When she looked up again, Jonathan had already left.
	
Chapter 16 In the Same Study
	Angelia looked at the necklace on her hand.
	It was a silver pedant in hollow heart shape. She couldn’t open it since the buckle was locked.
	She glanced at the door which Jonathan Miller shut, and then she ran back to her room and kept the necklace carefully.
	Seeing that there was no tool in the room, she ran out again, and asked the steward for some tools to repair the cultural relic. Then she sat in front of the desk, checking the necklace with great care.
	Her dream was to be a cultural relic restorer, but she didn’t have any professional education for that, only by learning by herself online.
	If she were not sent to be here, she would be majored in Cultural Relics Identification and Restoration.
	But now, she might have missed that chance.
	Angelia slowed down her moving, endured the bitterness of what she was having now.
	The next day, the steward sent her the tool box.
	He said, “You can use the study on the second floor.”
	Angelia looked at the huge box that all varieties of tools were available.
	She said, “The second floor?”
	“Yes.” the steward replied.
	She looked around and found that it was Jonathan’s room, but he never came back since the very first day.
	Actually, bedroom couldn’t be a place for work after all.
	She got the necklace back and went upstairs holding with the case.
	She was so careful since she had fallen down from the stairs last time.
	Got upstairs, turned left, there were so many rooms, but the steward didn’t tell her which room was hers.
	She thought for a while, and slightly opened the door, and peeked inside through the crack.
	She saw someone who sat on his side working in such a big room.
	Was that Jonathan?
	Angelia hesitated for a second when he turned back glancing the door sharply.
	“What are you doing here?” he asked.
	Angelia wanted to sneak out, but he looked at her strictly and said, “Come in”.
	Then she just pushed the door open standing at the door and holding a case.
	She said, “the steward told me that i can work at the study.”
	Jonathan squinted his eyes and watching her.
	He did tell the steward that Angelia could use the study on the second floor. But there were only two studies. What he meant was to let her use the other one, not the one here.
	Did she come here on purpose? Jonathan thought.
	Angelia lowed her head down and stood there hurriedly.
	Why he was staring at her in that way?
	He was the one who told her to come, wasn’t it?
	Jonathan stared at her for a while, and then he called the extension.
	“Bring a desk to me.” He said.
	When finished, he looked up and gazed at Angelia
	“Come”, he said.
	Angelia licked her lips nervously and hesitated for a minute.
	Her lips turned to be dark red while Jonathan became a little bit dark.
	She didn’t notice that and felt he must be angry, and then she came over to him immediately.
	“Mr. Miller,” she said.
	Angelia’s face is as white as an egg, bright and smooth, with blush on her cheek. Her big round eyes make her more delicate.
	Jonathan reached out his hand and put it on the back of her curly hair.
	And then slid it down her back, stopped at her waist, pulled her towards to him slightly. Angelia Leaned herself forward and fell on Jonathan uncontrollably.
	“What are you doing?” Angelia said.
	As soon as she said the words, her lips were sealed by Jonathan’s lips.
	His eyes looked as dark as the cold deep water. He was holding Angelia’s waist with one hand while holding up her chin with the other, kissing her on her dark red lips.
Chapter 17 Isn’t that what you want?
	Angelia was kissed by him
	Her eyes opened widely and responded quickly. She put her elbows against his chest, trying to pushing him away.
	But she was too weak to do that.
	“No...” Angelia said.
	Jonathan wrapped her waist firmly making two of them touch closely to each other.
	“Are you sure?” He said.
	He chuckled and touched Angelia‘s lips with his long fingers. And his eye became darker.
	“Don’t you like me? You approach to me, and this isn’t what you want for?” said by Jonathan.
	“No...”Angelia replied.
	She frowned, and said, “You ask me to come here, don’t you?”
	Jonathan slid down his fingers from her lips to the chin, rubbing on her smooth skin.
	Just then, the steward knocked the door and came in, with few people carrying the desk at the back.
	He lifted his head and looked at Angelia surprisingly, but he was soon his normal self again
	He asked, “Mr. Miller, where can I put the desk?”
	“Since my wife like this room so much, then put it next to the mine.”
	Without thinking what he said, he kept watching Angelia, contracted and pulled her falling on him entirely.
	“Hey, don’t do this.” Angelia said.
	She pushed him away slightly.
	Except the steward, there were some other people, however, he didn’t care about that, and then he reached out his hands to Angelia, pulled her head down to him and kissed her again.
	The steward and his men didn’t dare to look over there at all. They lowered their head down and were busy in doing their staff.
	Angelia struggled to get free.
	“You shouldn’t be that shy.”
	Jonathan laughed, and gasped her hands.
	Angelia was forced to lean forward to Jonathan, having a crazy kiss with their tips of tongue touching with each other, failed to escape from his control.
	She couldn’t push him away, but who knew who gave her the courage. Angelia just bit his lips.
	Jonathan frowned suddenly!
	He pushed her away as soon as he noticed that. But, unfortunately, his lip was bitten and bleeding.
	Jonathan touched his lips, and soon became angry.
	“You bit my lip, how dare you!” He shouted.
	Angelia was so scared that her face turned pale, and stepped back immediately.
	“No, I, I didn’t mean to do this.” She explained.
	Jonathan stared at her with anger which it seemed that there would be a thunderstorm.
	“You, come here!” Jonathan growled out.
	Angelia trembled with fear, but she stepped back instead of coming forward.
	“You dare to run!” He said.
	Jonathan stood up suddenly reaching out and catching her.
	Angelia’s heart beat so fast，and pushed him quickly in horror. She got the tool case right away, and threw it directly to Jonathan, then ran away.
	Jonathan caught the case, just saw her leaving, and his face turned as black as the bottom of a pan.
	Bump! He put down the case angrily making a big noise.
	People at the study were so frightened.
	The steward asked with care, “Mr. Miller, should I ask someone to bring her back?”
	Jonathan stared at where Angelia left unpleasantly, rubbed his fingers back and forth on the case.
	“No.”He said.
	Glancing at the desk which was already assembled, the steward hesitated for a while and showed Jonathan his thought that he would change a room for Angelia.
	Since that Mr. Miller wanted him to put the desk here, he was sure that Jonathan wanted her to stay.
	Miss Hunks, to his surprise, approached to Mr. Miller on purpose.
	The steward frowned, and left with his men.
	He just met Angelia at the gate of the door when he came out.
	
Chapter 18 That is Monitoring!
	The steward’s face fell, and he said, “Miss Hunks, why are you coming here?”
	Angelia replied confusedly, “you told me to come, and you said that I can use the study here.”
	The steward looked at her discontentedly.
	“Miss Hunks, I am telling you to use the other study, not the one which is specially prepared for Mr. Miller.”
	“Are there two studies on the second floor?” she said.
	Angelia turned her head back, seeing that there was a door at the other side, which seemed there was a study there.
	But she didn’t expect that. It just happened to her that she came in Jonathan‘s study. No wonder he would just act like that.
	Besides, she didn’t want to see him now and forever, so there was no reason for her to look for him intentionally.
	“I don’t know there are two studies here at all!” Angelia explained.
	The steward had no facial expressions, but it was obvious that he didn’t believe what she said.
	Angelia pursed her lips and firmly grasped her hemline.
	“I will work in the other study...”
	Before she finished what she was going to say, she suddenly found that she jus left her tool case in Jonathan’s study.
	“Mr., could you please help me to get my case? I am heading to my study.” Angelia asked.
	“You don’t need to.” The steward answered.
	She didn’t expect what he said, and then he continued calmly, “Mr. Miller agrees that you can keep working at his study.”
	“What?” Angelia said.
	She frowned nervously.
	She was going to work with Jonathan?
	“But, I don’t want to be with him at the same study.” Angelia replied.
	She felt so uncomfortable when she thought of getting along with him.
	“Sorry, Miss Hunks, this is what Mr. Miller asked.”
	The steward stared at her, which seemed like he was showing that she had no choice.
	What the hell was Jonathan thinking?
	“Why he let me work at his study since he doesn’t want to see me?” Angelia asked.
	“This is Mr. Miller’s idea. You can ask him in person.”
	After the steward left, she stood at the door, hesitating whether come inside or not.
	Standing there for a while, she reached out her hands, and the door was open suddenly.
	It was Jonathan that stood at the door staring at her sharply.
	“How long are you going to stand here?” he said.
	Angelia glanced inside the room and found her tool case on new desk.
	“Sorry, I don’t know there are two studies on the second floor, I will use the other one.” She answered.
	She rushed inside and carried the case, turned around and was blocked by Jonathan.
	He put his two hands on the desk, making her in the middle.
	“When will you start to work? I am doubting whether you can repair it or not”.
	Angelia stood back trying to stay away from him.
	“I, I can do it.”
	Jonathan came closer to her to the distance that nearly made they stick together.
	“Then do it here, I’m gonna watch you do that.” He said.
	Angelia stared at his eyes confusedly thinking that she could never get his thought.
	“You hate me so much but why do you let me work here?” she asked.
	“I need to watch you myself.” he answered.
	Angelia seemed to guess what he was thinking.
	The necklace meant a lot to him. It was kind of a monitoring by keeping her here.
	“You don’t believe me, do you?” Angelia said.
	“Exactly.” Jonathan replied.
	He turned around and headed to his desk, saying, “How can I believe a person who manipulated to enter the Millers’ house. Claudia Hunk, you know it well yourself that how much I trust in you.”
	The pressure faded slowly, and Angelia sighed with relief and was only to compromise.
	“Fine, I will repair it as quickly as possible.” she said.
Chapter 19 Testing
	In this quiet study, two desks, a big and small one, were placed next to each other.
	Sunshine scattered on the ground through the curtains lightening the whole study.
	Angelia sat at the back of the small desk repairing the almost broken necklace carefully.
	The sunshine fell on her, making her white dress as bright as a light and her face white with a touch of red. She looked extremely serious at this moment.
	Jonathan gazed up at her.
	Angelia repaired the sunken pedant flexibly with her fingers. Her fingers with slightly pink color seemed like a soft and charming and lotus flower.
	That reminded him of someone saying that hands like “lotus flower”, which were white with a touch of red were supposed to be quite soft...
	When this kind of thought came up, he was shocked, and looked back right away.
	He made this lady stay here was not to be lured by her but to remove her fake mask by himself!
	Jonathan frowned with a angry face which seemed like she was his enemy.
	Angelia looked up curiously, seeing that Jonathan sitting upright, giving her a feeling of no disturbance or she would be killed. She felt really confused.
	What was wrong with him?
	She thought she didn’t even say a word, what did she do to piss him off?
	Then she was back to her work again.
	In her mind, she was eager to repair the necklace as soon as possible, and then she didn’t need to stay here anymore.
	It would be better to stay away from him in the future.
	Angelia thought Jonathan would be back to his company in few days, because he owned M.I Group, which was a really huge company, including the industries like shipping, electronics, catering, playing an important role domestically and internationally.
	As the chairman of M.I Group, he shouldn’t leave his company for such a long time.
	However, for the whole week, every time Angelia pushed the door open, she always saw Jonathan sitting there.
	He didn’t go to the company. Wasn’t he afraid of the bankruptcy of his company?
	Angelia glanced at him secretly, and didn’t expect to see his dark eyes!
	Jonathan looked at her so deeply.
	She looked back hastily, lowering her head down and walked to her desk.
	“Come here.” he said.
	A deep voice just suddenly filled the room.
	Angelia stopped and hesitated for a second then came over to him.
	Jonathan’s eyes just stopped at the screen of the computer. Then he reached his hands to her and obviously wanted her to hold them.
	Noticing she didn’t take any action, he looked away a bit and glanced at her.
	Angelia became a bit nervous, and then she held his hands immediately and was pulled towards to him.
	“Continue.” Jonathan suddenly talked to the screen.
	Then she realized he was having a video meeting!
	There were seven or eight man with different ages in black suit at the meeting, looking so serious.
	They were having a meeting, weren’t they?
	All the attention was paid on Angelia with the action of Jonathan.
	She was scared to death and struggled to get away from him.
	But Jonathan held her waist tightly with his arm, and then he looked to her and whispered,
	“Don’t move.”
	Such a deep voice seemed to with electricity, and she could feel the heat of her ears.
	Angelia shivered a bit, lowered down her head and didn’t dare to move.
	The people at the meeting soon moved their eyes off her.
	Jonathan put his hands around her waist, not giving a chance for her to go.
	He said to those who at the meeting, “repeat the question again, my wife says she has different ideas.”
	
Chapter 20 They seem to be different
	They looked at Angelia and hesitated for a moment.
	“In this plan, there are two options of the design of the top of the new-built shopping mall. One is to build it into an auction mart, and the other is to make it a lounge for our VIPs. But we haven’t decided yet.”
	Every one gazed at her waiting for her to answer.
	Angelia turned around and looked at Jonathan nervously.
	She licked her lips and she was so nervous that her palms sweated a lot.
	It was so quiet since everyone was looking at her.
	If it is designed to be an auction mart, then the most difficult issue would be Market Segmentation.
	There were already many top auctions home and abroad. Some of them had a long history, others just sprung up, Actually, the market for auction was almost saturated.
	In this case, if it was built to be auction mart, it just meant to be step foot on the almost saturated auction market.
	As for a globally powerful M.I Group, there would be a lot of people watching their actions.
	So, if the auction was a failure, M.I Group would become a joke.
	Besides, the most difficult one for auction was to identify the authenticity of the auction.
	If there was a fake, it would put the auction mart and even the whole M.I Group in danger.
	Jonathan’s arm was still around her waist.
	“Everyone is waiting for your choice.”。
	Angelia doesn’t know the reason for him to do this,
	She looked at the people at the monitor, and said,
	“I think the auction mart will be better.”
	“Why?” Jonathan asked.
	Angelia looked at his eyes, and said,
	“There are twenty floors at the new mall. If we put the lounge at the top, it will be not good since the guests have to take such a long time to get there.”
	The people at the meeting frowned.
	Angelia stopped nervously, because she knew those who were at this meeting, no matter who, were really smart.
	Jonathan showed a smile.
	“Keep saying.” he insisted.
	Then Angelia had to keep talking.
	“But if it is built into a auction mart, it will help to improve the level of the mall. And we can hire an expert to exam the auctions carefully and thoroughly, and then we can just start the business.”
	After she gave her opinion, someone in the meeting room asked a question, “then how about a lounge?”
	“We can set restaurants on each floor, so when the guests take a rest, at the same time, they can have a meal. In this way, they will have more energy and that keeps them shopping at the mall for a whole day.”
	The meeting room was quiet down, and began to think about her suggestions.
	Jonathan showed a bigger smile and looked at those who were at the meeting.
	“Any question?” he asked.
	The managers at the meeting looked at each other showing a surprising face.
	“That’s a good idea.”
	“If we do that, ladies who like shopping would be very pleasant.” they said.
	“Then, just follow the ideas of my wife.” Jonathan said.
	“Yes, Boss.”
	Before the meeting was over then Angelia began to relieve herself since she was paid too much attention on.
	“Is that OK?” She asked.
	Jonathan didn’t let her go.
	“I don’t expect you will have such a suggestion.”
	“You should have thought that.”
	When Angelia expressed her idea, Jonathan didn’t show his surprise. Obviously, he already figured it out.
	Jonathan let go of her waist.
	He lifted his head and watched her walking back to her seat with darker eyes.
	According to the investigation before, the only child of the Hunks was supposed to know nothing about management and without any success on education.
Chapter 21 The Ball of the Millers
	The scorching sun rose from the east then set in the west. The shine slowly became softer.
	The house was bathed in the soft sunshine, and the study at the second floor turned to be quiet.
	“The shopping mall experience was underway officially. This is the new proposal”. The steward said. Then he placed a contract on the table with a serious and strict face.
	Jonathan finished reading the contract with more than ten pages quickly, signed his name at the final page, and then passed it to the steward.
	“What about her?” he asked.
	The steward didn’t have any facial expression, and slightly lowered his head down.
	“Miss Hunks has already taken a rest after the meal time.” he answered.
	The steward and the other men in this house didn’t know what to call her since Angelia was just a hostess in name only.
	Everyone could see the attitude of Jonathan for her. Even some people affirmed that the marriage between them wouldn’t last longer.
	Soon, the daughter of the Hunks would leave this house.
	Therefore, people here didn’t call her Mrs. Miller but Miss Hunks.
	Jonathan thought for a minute, and remembered Angelia‘s serious side face when she was working hard.
	“There will be a ball of the Millers and I plan to take her with me. You need to make a preparation for that.”
	Jonathan didn’t get along well with his family, so, the steward could understand exactly what he meant.
	Though Mr. Miller was unsatisfied with his wife now, the marriage between the Hunks and the Millers had something deal with the idea of his family.
	Since Claudia Hunk had already married to the Millers, then she couldn’t lose face of the Millers absolutely.
	“Yes, Mr. Miller.”
	Jonathan raised his head again and looked at the other desk.
	There was still the tool case there. Every time Angelia finished working, she would clean and wiped all the tools, then put them back one by one.
	Or when she repaired the necklace, the whole study would become quiet as well.
	Jonathan showed a faraway in his eyes.
	But soon, he was back to himself and focused on the resources on his hand.
	Soon, the sky was dark when the sun set.
	The house was lightened up with a warm light on in the bedroom.
	Angelia sat by the bed, and took out necklace with a picture on it which was not fully repaired.
	With the yellow light, the hollow pattern of the heart-shape pedant seemed to shine with silver light.
	The silver rose pattern shaped to be a heart, and after few days of being repaired, the shrunken part was back to be normal.
	Angela slowly opened the hidden button, and then she found that there was nothing inside.
	Angela slightly frowned, and looked inside carefully. She had been so curious about who would be inside the picture, but to her surprise, there was nothing.
	“Nothing...” she said.
	What did it mean to Jonathan?
	Whatever, it was none of her business.
	She slid her fingers through the necklace, and then put it back into the box.
	Next day in the morning, the steward came to find Angelia with black velvet box.
	“Miss Hunks, please wear this in tonight’s ball.” he said.
	Angelia opened it confusedly, and a shiny flash of light was in sight.
	There was a set of exquisite jewelry inside the box.
	The earrings and rings are crystal clear with some pink diamonds on.
	Especially the necklace in the middle, which looked like a very beautiful young lady.
	114 pink diamonds were inlaid around the rotating ring, showing a charm of elegance and magnificence.
	The pieces of diamonds on this set of jewelry were all from a same pink diamonds.
	And this set looked so familiar to her.
	One month ago, it just caused a huge stir in jewelry and pearls industry.
	It was the biggest pink diamond that had even been found.
	Angelia just read the news of that auction knowing that a mystery man just bought it with eighty million.
	She didn’t except that that mystery man was Jonathan.
	
Chapter 22 What Are You Waiting for?
	Angelia gazed at the crystal clear pink-diamond necklace in front of her, thinking that what she should do if she just broke it since it was like treasure.
	The steward seemed to know what she was thinking in her mind, and then he said with a poker face,
	“Though the banquet is held in the Millers, it’s important to Mr. Miller. So, please be careful.”
	“Sure, I know it.” Angela replied.
	Then she looked at those gorgeous jewelry.
	The steward was very worried about that.
	“Miss Hunks, there will be a ball in the banquet, what should I need to prepare for you?”
	“A ball...”
	Angela looked at him surprisingly.
	“Do I have to dance in the banquet?”
	The steward was sort of shocked and said, “of course you have to.”
	“Really?” she said.
	Then she looked away less confidently.
	“I just don’t attend any banquet for so long, so I am not so sure.”
	The steward frowned and said flatly, “please have a good preparation for it.”
	Angela said to herself in her mind, “I have to dance.”
	She looked at the necklace on her hand and opened it. There was a flash of light.
	Then she came back to her bedroom and closed the door carefully.
	She took out her phone and searched ballroom dancing on the Google.
	When searching online, it came out with seven or eight kinds of dancing.
	Then she clicked one of the video where two people in night gowns were dancing along with the music.
	They were holding hands and leaned to each other closely, tuned around and around.
	She watched few of the videos, and the dancing types were so different. She couldn’t remember any of them.
	This is the first time for her as Claudia Hunk to appear in the public. If she made any mistake…
	She took a deep breath, and stabilized her phone on the desk.
	“Just five hours left. I can’t do anything but cram for it. I hope it’s not too late.” She said to herself.
	Then she raised her arms slowly and followed the instructions on the video.
	…
	“Dance?" Jonathan said.
	He looked up to the steward.
	“Yes, but Miss Hunks seems to be so confused about the dancing part.” The steward added.
	Jonathan stopped writing and lost in thought for a moment.
	“OK, I got that.”
	Jonathan put down his pen when finished reading the last contract.
	“Where is she?” he asked.
	The steward looked at him in shock but soon lowered his head down.
	“Miss Hunks is in her bedroom.” he replied.
	Then Jonathan stood up.
	The bedroom.
	Angelia followed the instructions in the video awkwardly, and turned around.
	The door suddenly opened.
	“Who’s that?” she said.
	Then she turned back immediately and saw the face of Jonathan. He is at the door!
	“Why are you here?” Angelia asked.
	Jonathan looked around her, and his eyes stopped at the phone which the video was playing.
	Angelia followed his gaze and was shocked, and then she ran to the desk and got her phone and hided it at her back.
	He must see it.
	Angelia looked down and her face was getting hotter and hotter with two blushes.
	Jonathan looked back to Angelia and came over to her.
	“There is a tradition of the Millers. In the first half of the banquet, there will be the new couple lead the dance until the ball is over.” he said.
	Leading the dance?
	Angelia looked at him in surprise.
	She thought she was only to lead the dance for a short while.
	If she must lead the dance, then there was no way for her to dance casually.
	Jonathan seemed not to notice her troubled expression, and said, “Waltz, tango, blues, which one are you good at?”
	“I...” Angelia didn’t know how to dance even she spent so much time learning it.
	She peeked at him, and her voice became softer, kind of murmuring.
	“I don’t know all of them actually.”
	Jonathan came closer to her, and said with a lower voice.
	“Walt, though it is a self-entertainment dance, it is the earliest and the most energetic kinds of dance among ballroom dancing. The speed is not fast, and it is easy to learn. The action is elegant and wonderful, that’s suitable to the beginners.”
	Then he stopped in front of her, reached his hands to Angelia.
	But she stood there still.
	Jonathan reached his hands much closer to her and said, “What are you waiting for?”
Chapter 23 the Thirteenth Times!
	“Are you going to teach me?”
	Angela looked at him in disbelief.
	But Jonathan didn’t have any facial expressions.
	“I just don’t want you to embarrass the Millers.” He said.
	His long and slim fingers stopped in front of Angela like waiting someone to hold them.
	However, Angela didn’t move at all.
	Jonathan waited for a few seconds and held her hands impatiently.
	“My time is invaluable.” he said.
	Then he pulled Angela by force and put his hand around her waist.
	He could feel her curvy body shape even though he just touched her with her clothes.
	Jonathan slightly raised his head, and his eyes were over her top of head.
	“I think I can learn by myself.” Angelia said.
	She pushed him away.
	“Learn by yourself?”
	Jonathan gave a brittle laugh
	“We don’t have to waste time here if you, Miss Hunks, know any of these ballroom dance.”
	Then he lowered his head and glanced at her with proud.
	Angelia frowned and replied, “If you think it is waste of time, then you don’t need to teach me.”
	“Do you think you can learn it in four hours?”
	“I...”
	Jonathan assured that she couldn’t learn it on her own.
	Angelia slightly lowered her head, and she did fail to learn it by herself.
	She was so confused and annoyed when she just spent a while on it.
	She could have done any research on the antiques the whole day, and even half a month repairing the culture relics.
	But she couldn’t figure a way out to dance.
	Jonathan got her mind right away and smiled.
	“You know exactly you can’t do that yourself, then just follow me.”
	The melody of piano was on.
	Angelia put one of her hand in Jonathan’s palm and the other on his shoulder.
	His dancing was perfect, and elegant, but not his voice, which was very cold.
	Angelia had to move once every time he gave an instruction.
	“Right foot down, knee up and then stretch your left foot. Step back, and end with left heel...”
	Angelia followed him very well but he just stopped talking, then she looked at him confusedly.
	“What’s wrong?” she asked.
	Jonathan looked down at her slightly, and moved his hand on her waist.
	Bang! He slapped at her butt.
	“Stand straight!” he said.
	Angelia opened her eyes wide and almost jumped up.
	“You!” she shouted.
	Jonathan kept giving his instructions.
	“Go on. Raise your hands, turn around.”
	Angelia turned around with him, but she stepped on his foot.
	“Sorry!”
	She jumped away immediately, and looked up at Jonathan nervously.
	Jonathan looked at her and frowned a little bit.
	“You...” he paused a bit and removed his eyes on her.
	“This is the first time.” he counted.
	It was six o’clock in the afternoon. The sun light came from the east to west, and the sky became darker.
	The steward opened his pocket watch, and came to Angelia’s bedroom according to the plan.
	Then he heard a burst of noise coming from her bedroom.
	“Oh, I’m so sorry! Are you OK?”
	“This is the twelfth times.”
	“Yes...”
	Not for a while, it just came out with the same noise.
	“Really sorry! Is that hurt?”
	Jonathan was calm in his voice which seemed he already got used to it.
	“The thirteenth times”.
	The steward stood in front of the gate and hesitated for a while then knocked the door.
	When pushing the door open, he could hear the gentle tones of music.
	The steward lowered his head and didn’t dare to look at them.
	“Mr. Miller, we should set out to the banquet.”
	Jonathan turned back with a cold face.
	The steward still kept his head down, but he could feel the coldness.
	No one would be happy at all if they were trampled for over ten times. Not to mention Mr. Miller.
	Jonathan came out without expression.
	“I will get changed first.”
	Angelia looked downed and found out that his shoes were so dirty all because of her.
	She was so guilty and wanted to go with him.
	The steward stopped her way and said,
	“Miss Hunks, please get prepared.”
Chapter 24 The Most Conservative Dress
	Angelia looked at herself in the mirror, and the dress was found in her wardrobe.
	It was a white and light blue tube dress, coloring from white at the top to the light blue, just like the sky.
	Angelia frowned. The dress was beautiful but...
	Her eyes fell on the part of her breast, and she doesn’t like it.
	It was deep V with some laces, and it didn’t help hide her chest.
	It made her more seductive with white and semitransparent laces pattern.
	Angelia dis-contently stared at her chest and wanted to look for something to cover it.
	She pulled her hemline, and then she heard the sound of the door.
	Angelia turned back immediately seeing Jonathan standing at the door.
	He dressed up in a black suit with a handkerchief placed in the breast pocket showing a perfect but cold and proud face.
	Besides, Jonathan already changed his dirty leather shoes which were clean and brand new.
	At the same time, he also looked Angelia up and down.
	She wore a light make-up with slightly curly hair. Though she didn’t have any head-wear on, she looked so elegant.
	The tube dress in a bold design, and not only the design of the deep V, but also the exclusive design of hemline with different length at the front and back perfectly showed her curvy body shape.
	The lace tube top attracted him the most, and the design tail skirt was so special that her long and white legs could be showed fully.
	With the long blue hemline, she looked like an angel coming from the heaven.
	Angelia noticed Johnathan kept staring at her chest, and then she covered her chest with her hands and hitched up her dress.
	This is the most conservative dress that she could find in her wardrobe!
	But no matter how she tried, she couldn’t hide her skin under the cloth.
	Angelia pulled her hair to cover her chest with a blushing face.
	“How about changing a dress?” she asked.
	“Why do you change it since you’ve already had it on?” Jonathan replied.
	He came over to her, and gazed at her hair whorl.
	She looked fluffy with her slightly curly hair, mild and pure and seemed like she wouldn’t have any conspiracy.
	But Jonathan knew that she just pretended to be like this.
	According to the resources he knew, it was impossible for her to be so pure as the daughter of the Hunks.
	Jonathan reached his hands to the table and opened the jewelry box taking out that necklace.
	“Turn back.” he said.
	Angelia knew what he was going to do at the sight of the necklace in his hand.
	In the mirror, Jonathan stood behind her, and all her height was only to his shoulder. She could clearly see this perfectly handsome face with an ambiguous smile.
	Jonathan moved her long hair aside, lowered his head a bit and helped her wear the necklace.
	Angelia gazed at him in the mirror.
	Jonathan saw her eyes as soon as he buttoned it up then raised his head. His mouth slightly up.
	“Let’s go.” he said.
	The steward was in shock when he saw two of them coming out from the house.
	For a moment, he failed to hide his shock and said, “Miss Hunks, do you want to attend the party dressing like that?”
	In fact, he always perfectly hid his emotion since the time Angelia came here. He was never too hurry to say or to do anything like the old steward from last century.
	However, he couldn’t help hiding his astonishment when he saw Angelia in such causal look.
	“Is anything wrong?” Angelia asked.
	Then she looked down at herself thinking that it was good though it was too hot, nothing was wrong.
	It was hard to explain the steward’s expression. Though it was just a banquet for the Miller, many people would attend.
	Everyone would dress up seriously, but she...
	The steward frowned, but he noticed Jonathan didn’t even say a word. So he had to give up.
	“No problem. Please get in the car, Mr. Miller and Miss. Hunks.”
	
Chapter 25 Two Extreme Attitudes
	The mansion of the Millers located in the suburb to the west but Jonathan’s house was in the east.
	Different from Jonathan’s huge and luxurious empire, the Millers was in a residential area.
	This was an area with lots of villas where there living very famous people in politics and business. Though it seemed to be quite normal, once getting inside, something very special could be found.
	The black car steadily slid down at night. After a few checkpoints, they finally got inside.
	Angelia couldn’t sit at the back with ease but stiffing her back with her hands on her knees.
	She didn’t like to stay with the people like Jonathan, not to mention that it was too quiet in the car and she was too nervous to breath.
	The air seemed to be frozen inside the car, and Angelia couldn’t stand it so she looked out from the window.
	It took them more than ten minutes to get inside. She thought why there were only streetlights and a lot of trees outside.
	She looked out in the distance and she could see a white and bright villa slightly with the car moving.
	Actually, it was a residential area, but there was only one villa.
	Besides, it cost so much time to be here, imagining how huge was the area.
	When the people from other countries heard the name of The Millers living in H city, they would be so familiar. For over decades, the Millers played an important role in business industry.
	But it was Jonathan who managed to help the Millers achieve great achievement.
	Angelia didn’t know too much of that because she just spent time learning at school and having part-time job.
	Though Jonathan seemed to just take a rest in a car with his eyes closed, he seriously cared about Angelia.
	She was so frightened at first and he doubted that if she would shudder with fear. But Angelia was in shock once she saw the house of the Millers.
	Jonathan looked out from the window and thought in mind.
	His house was a way better than this old house. The wine container that she played a few times ago could buy this house. But why she didn’t show any expression when seeing mine?
	She must love the title of the Millers so much.
	The car slowed down, and Angelia looked back immediately.
	The car door was open and Jonathan got out of the car first.
	“Master.”
	The bell boys stood still in front of the gate with an ingratiating smile and waited for them.
	Angelia took a deep breath, and slowly calmed herself down, then moved herself close to the car door.
	Before she stepped her feet on the ground, a hand reached out and held her.
	Angelia looked up and saw Jonathan with a force smile.
	Someone else but not he would look so gentle and soft, but she could feel that Jonathan was in a bad mood once they got here.
	She was so nervous with a sweating palms, held his hands and got out of the car.
	The sky was dark, and they were a bit late. Went a few stairs up, pushed the door open and they went inside the house.
	In the living room, the Millers were gathering together and chatting in groups, exchanging the latest information they got recently.
	So many business and cooperation were made in such a banquet.
	But today’s party was different. They seemed like chatting with each other, but they were absent-minded and peeked at the door gate from time to time.
	Although almost everyone got there, but the one they expected didn’t arrive.
	Everyone was quiet for a second when someone went inside and they changed their way to look right away.
	Jonathan was very special to the Miller. Everyone here looked down upon him, but thinking of his M.I Group, they would be so jealous.
	
Chapter 26 I Will Leave You Here If You Dare to Step Foot on Me!
	Angelia felt so strange from them once she stepped in the living room.
	Though they didn’t look at them, she could feel that all the attention was focused on her.
	Jonathan came over to her without changing a face. Angelia glanced at the people here and she saw everyone was in evening gown, holding with a goblet and chatting with each other cheerfully.
	A middle-age woman in dark blue suit came over with a smile before Angelia she finished glancing through the people here.
	With a retro bun on her head, she was smiling at them. Angelia thought she must be Jonathan’s mom. But seeing that smiling face, she thought that was a bit weird.
	“Jonathan, where are you so late. I just want to call your brother to look for you because I am so worried about you.” the woman said.
	She held Angelia’s arm and looked over her before Jonathan spoke a word.
	“Claudia, we haven’t seen each other for a long time. You are getting more and more beautiful.”
	Angelia was nervous when she heard what she said.
	“Have we met before?” Angelia asked.
	“I have held you before you went aboard.” the woman answered.
	She was talking about the old time. Then she couldn’t recognize she was the fake one.
	She smiled with ease.
	“Good evening, mom...”Jonathan said.
	Jonathan pulled her back and interrupted her.
	“It’s late, and let’s begin our dinner.”
	Jennie Clinton had a stiff smile on her face and she seemed to try to adjust her facial expression.
	At this moment, a man in a white suit and tie came over.
	He was handsome but looked different from Jonathan. With his mouth a bit up, he behaved well and elegantly. His hair was in chestnut color but wasn’t styled like most of people to the back but let his hair cover his clean forehead.
	With a wire-rimmed glass, he smile with squinting eyes and fell on Angelia, but making her feel uncomfortable.
	He came to them and held Jennie by the way.
	“Mom, I have told you that nothing would happen to my brother. He is here now, right?” the man said.
	Was the man in front of her was Jonathan ‘s brother?
	Michael Miller?
	Jennie relaxed when Michael came, and then introduced Angelia to her.
	“This is your sister-in-law, Claudia Hunk.” Jennie said.
	He nodded his head and smiled to Angelia.
	“Good evening, Claudia, you can call me Mike.”
	Angelia didn’t get used to call him Mike, since she just met him, but she nodded her head as well.
	“OK.” Angelia replied.
	Jonathan frowned and said in a lower voice, “why it doesn’t get started?”
	Jonathan showed his deep dissatisfaction but Micheal didn’t care about it smiling with a good temper.
	“I gotta go to talk to the band and call dad to come by the way. He doesn’t feel well today and keep taking a rest in the room.” Micheal said.
	Then, he turned around and went to the band at the corner.
	When Micheal left, Jennie left as well.
	Angelia stood by Jonathan still, like a pole which was standing in the center of the banquet.
	She didn’t dare to speak a word since Jonathan didn’t say anything.
	“Do you need to have a look at your father?” she asked.
	Jonathan suddenly held her hands.
	“It begins.”
	Angelia realized that everybody was back leaving some room in the middle.
	Then the music was on.
	Jonathan led her to the dancing floor.
	“You can do it, Mrs. Miller.” he said.
	Angelia lifted her head and saw his smiling on his face.
	With the bright light, he looked as handsome as the god.
	Then he put his hand on her back, and whisper to her,
	“If you dare to step foot on me, I will leave you here.”
Chapter 27 Don’t Pretend That You Can!
	The beautiful music flows in the air, and the crystal chandelier on the ceiling gave out bright and shiny light.
	In the middle of the hall, there were two people dancing with the music.
	There was no wedding ceremony when the daughter of the Hunks married to Jonathan.
	It was said that they were supposed to hold a wedding party and everything was prepared well. But Jonathan was too busy to attend his own wedding and just sent his wife to his villa instead.
	But it was just a rumor. Nobody knew the truth.
	How busy would he be with work?
	How could he be that busy and not to attend his own wedding ceremony?
	What’s more, there was no business activity at that time as for M.I Group.
	Jonathan was special among the Millers. Those insiders knew it but they didn’t say it out.
	They thought after Jonathan set up M.I Group, he could hardly wait to escape from the Millers. But just nothing happen.
	To their surprise, he didn’t refuse to marry to the daughter of the Hunks, and nobody knew how the old man, Thomson Miller, persuade his son to do that.
	No matter what, it seemed that Jonathan and Angelia who were dancing and spinning at the dance floor got along well with each other.
	They must feel something to each other.
	Or as for Jonathan’s personality, Angelia would cry to home at the first day she came to his house instead of dancing here.
	Looking at this new couple, everyone on site began to think about the relationship between Jonathan and the only child of the Hunks.
	Angelia didn’t care about what they were thinking in their mind at all. All her attention was paid on her feet.
	The speed of walk waltz wasn’t fast, but the change of dance step was a bit complicate.
	With so many eyes on her, and they were so close to each other that made her really scared and almost stepped feet on Jonathan’s shoes for a few times.
	Angelia was so nervous that she turned around with Jonathan.
	She felt something wrong in a direction and she moved her eyes to it unconsciously.
	Before she saw it clearly, she became messy with her steps, then she stepped her foot on Jonathan’s foot!
	Oh, Gosh!
	Angelia focused on dancing immediately and moved her foot, then changed a direction, and avoided Jonathan’s eyes.
	Her feet stepped on the ground smoothly with a sign of relief.
	Then she looked up and saw Jonathan was staring at her without any expression.
	Angelia explained to him.
	“No, I didn’t step my foot on you!”
	Jonathan kept leading her for the next dance, and then she just relaxed.
	After a while, people around joined the dancing at the dance floor.
	Jonathan soon took her out from the middle and soon met and talked with some people older.
	He didn't introduce them to Angelia and pointed to a few chairs at the corner instead.
	“Go and take a seat there, and don’t go anywhere.” he said to Angelia.
	Angelia looked around. According to the steward, the party was specially prepared for Jonathan and. She thought it was not good that she just leave him alone.
	Noticing that Angelia still hesitated, he frowned and accentuated the tone, saying,
	“Go quickly.”
	She nodded her head.
	That was OK, since it was his requirement, so she didn’t need to care about this.
	Jonathan saw she was sitting down on the chair and he glanced at her feet.
	Why did she still pretend to be like that? Her heel was hurt since she didn’t get used to wearing high heels. She could have just refused to wear high heels.
	He was angry about her because of this but he didn’t notice himself.
	
Chapter 28 They Get Along so well with Each Other
	Two man who blocked Jonathan way making fun of him saying, “Jonathan, don’t worry, people here are all your family, and they will take care of your wife.”
	Jonathan moved back his eyes.
	Because of what they called “family”, so he should be more careful.
	If he takes being a member of the Millers seriously, he would be dead.
	Angelia sat down on a seat and she felt relaxed since she finally had chance to not to stand in high heels.
	The heels were too high for her. Besides, they were rubbing against her heels like sharp knives.
	Though she was eager to take them off, but didn’t dare to do that, so she just lifted her feet a bit to ease her pain.
	The corner was super hidden, so no one would come to her if she hid here.
	Angelia was so happy and watched the guys in the hall quietly.
	She could only see such a scene on TV, and she didn’t expect that one day she could be one of them.
	Jonathan didn’t talk with those two men yet, and he was talking with the others.
	Though there were so many people in the banquet, Jonathan just stood out from the crowd with his own charming and self-possession.
	Angelia’s eyes couldn't help following him.
	Under the bright light, Jonathan not only looked like an empire who could have the situation well in hand; but also a model of a magazine.
	He was 5.7 inches height, and Angelia had never seen anyone in black suit more suitable than him.
	“He was born a king, wasn’t he?”
	Suddenly, she heard someone talking to her.
	Angelia turned back immediately, and she didn’t know when Micheal came to her.
	He turned back and winked to her giving him a glass of champagne.
	Angelia forced herself to smile and got ready to stand up.
	“Thank you, Mike.”
	But Micheal put his hand on her shoulder and told her to sit down.
	“You don’t feel well with the high heels on, you’d better have a seat.” Michael said.
	How could he know that?
	Angelia was too embarrassed to stand up with two blushes on her face.
	Micheal came closer to her smiling and lowered his voice, saying,
	“That’s OK, I won’t tell anyone. To be honest, I don’t get used to such a banquet.”
	Angelia looked at him with surprise and she couldn’t believe it.
	She just saw how Micheal behave during the banquet, how could he be not used to it?
	“That’s true”. He said.
	He got himself a chair and sat down next to Angelia.
	“My brother and I are totally different. He was born to be a genius in business.”
	Jonathan just made a great deal with one of the clans of the Millers. And they were just about to clink their glasses and bottom up.
	When he raised his head, he saw Angelia sitting with Micheal and chatting with each other so cheerfully.
	He didn’t what they were talking about, but he saw Angelia laughing forward and backward, and Micheal even put his hand on her shoulder.
	Jonathan’s face turned dark suddenly.
	What the hell was she doing here?
	Those who were standing opposite to him just noticed his face and turned around seeing that Micheal and Angelia were sitting together, and then they laughed.
	“Micheal has been getting along well with ladies. Look, they are getting along so well.”
	Sure, and they just went too far!
	Jonathan bottomed up the champagne in his glass and walked to them since he felt uncomfortable when he saw they were laughing.
	Those people looked at each other gazing at that corner and waiting for a show.
	“Show time.”
	Angelia listened to Micheal’s story and drank up all the champagne in her glasses without noticing it.
	
Chapter 29 You Are an Eye-opener to Me
	She didn’t expect how talkative Micheal would be. He traveled around the world before and his stories were funnier and funnier.
	Angelia always wanted to go travelling. And her biggest dream was to have a chance to travel around the world. Therefore, she paid attention to every single word that Micheal said carefully.
	“I didn’t the ancient castle was private property at all, then I came inside and was caught...” Micheal said.
	He glanced at Angelia’s glass and poured some champagne inside.
	She was spellbound by the story and didn’t know how much wine she drank.
	“Then, what happened next?” she asked.
	She was so anxious to know what happened next and was about to drink some champagne.
	Suddenly, a hand reached out and blocked her goblet.
	Angelia looked up and she saw a really angry face.
	It was Jonathan!
	He was staring at her with anger.
	The smiling on her face was gone and she stood up immediately.
	“Is the party over?” she asked.
	Jonathan’s eyes fell on her and he turned back to have a look at Micheal.
	Micheal chuckled and said,
	“Since you come here, then I gotta leave.”
	Then he smiled to Angelia deeply.
	“I will tell you what happen next time, and if you have any problem, just let me know.” Micheal said.
	Angelia didn’t dare to respond.
	When Micheal finished his words, he leaf with his goblet.
	Seeing he was walking into the crowd, Angelia’s arm was pulled by Jonathan.
	Then he leaned forward and fell on him directly.
	She lit her head seeing his face which was as dark as the bottom of a pan.
	He patted himself on where he was touched by her which seemed like driving off some virus.
	“Come here!” Jonathan said.
	Then he took Angelia to the corner and pinned her against the wall
	With his advantage of height, no one could see her if they passed by.
	Angelia was scared by his anger that she stepped back shrunken herself.
	“What’s wrong, Jonathan?” she asked.
	“Just a few days passed. But you fail to hold back your desire and revealed your real nature.”
	He lowered his voice with gnashing of teeth and interpreted what she was saying.
	“What?” she was confused.
	“I’ve told you, as long as you are Mr. Miller, you should hold back your desire for other men. If you do that again, you will regret what you have done.”
	Angelia looked at him in a great shock.
	“what are you talking about? I have been following what you told me to do.”
	“I told you to take a rest but not to flirt with other man!”
	Setting his jaw firmly, he pinched her chin and made it up.
	“You are an eye-opener to me since you can even flirt with your brother-in-law.”
	Angelia wanted to get away but she failed to escape at all.
	“Brother-in-law, you mean Mike?”
	“Mike?” he said.
	Jonathan became more angry.
	“Fine, you call him Mike that you just met for the first time. So, you will call him honey next time, won’t you?”
	Angelia finally figured out the reason why he was that angry.
	‘How could he look me as such kind of person?’
	She shook off his hands firmly.
	“You are slandering!” Angelia said.
	“You know it deeply yourself whether it is a slander or not.”
	He took out the handkerchief from his chest pocket and wiped his hand which just touched Angelia with a look of disgust.
	Then he tossed it on the floor.
	“You seriously think that a man who just talks to you for a second will fall in love with you? Let me tell you, you will be tossed like the handkerchief.”
	
Chapter 30 You Haven’t Been Around Much, Have You?
	Jonathan glanced at Angelia exasperatedly
	Seeing that she leaned against the wall with pale face, he turned around and left with anger.
	People around looked at them and wanted to know what was going on.
	Standing at the corner, Angelia clenched her fists and took a deep breath then slowly stood up straight.
	At this moment, Thomson Miller came out from the room with a walking stick.
	“Let’s enjoy the meal.” he said.
	Thomson was more than fifty years old now but he looked so energetic.
	Though Micheal said Thomson was under the weather today, Michelle couldn't feel that based on his look.
	From his ways of using walking stick, It was obvious that he didn’t use it very often.。
	His eyes were similar to Jonathan’s, smart and calm.
	Everybody was quite when he showed up and then came over to the table.
	It was a bit late for dinner. But actually this party was held to talk about what happened recently and the career of the young Millers.
	No one ate what were on the table.
	But Angelia didn’t know it.
	She heard that she was going to a banquet so she didn’t have supper yet. She thought she would have supper with others together here.
	She was starving after one more round dancing.
	Angelia eagerly walked over to the table when hearing it was time for meal.
	Before she walked more steps towards the table, she was blocked by Jonathan.
	“What are you going to do again?” Jonathan said.
	Angelia wanted to shake his hand off, but when thinking about his bad temper, she just held it back.
	“I’m heading for supper.”
	She said that with a little bit anger.
	Unexpectedly, Jonathan frowned.
	“You just act out your temper, don’t you?”
	Since Angelia didn’t even dare to say a word when Jonathan spoke in a harsh way.
	But, she just retorted upon him with a pouting mouth.
	“In your eyes, I am just that kind of person, aren’t I?”
	“You!”
	Jonathan was about to get angry with her, but he noticed that something was wrong with her.
	He held her face up and he saw her face turned a bit pink with two blushes.
	Besides, he could smell some wine from her.
	“Are you drunk?” Jonathan asked.
	Just three glasses of champagne, and she just drunk.
	Angelia frowned.
	“Don’t talking about that, just let me go!”
	She raised her hands up and got rid of him then walked to the table.
	She didn’t walk unsteadily and could walk straightly. But once she talked, she was absolutely drunk.
	Jonathan saw she was walking alone towards the table and sitting down next to main seat.
	Jennie was talking to some other relatives of the Millers and was about to sit then she realized someone had just taken it.
	Her face turned dark immediately.
	For all the long dining-table, the main seat is for the male host and the seat next to him would be the hostess.
	Thomson sat down already, but Angelia just sat next to him. That was ridiculous.
	Everybody one the scene stopped moving, looking at her at the same time, which seemed to wait for a good show.
	Jennie stared at her with some anger and a really dark face.
	The daughter of the Hunks! It was Jennie herself who made a match between Jonathan and her. But who know! Claudia Hunk was such a girl that she was so unsatisfied with.
	She thought Claudia Hunk would help her break Jonathan down. But she didn’t see Claudia Hunk talking to anyone else but him once she got here.
	The time which were supposed to get acquaintances and communicate with others, but she just hid herself at a corner and drank.
	She hadn’t been around much, had she?
	Fine, just leave that alone. What Jennie didn’t expect was how dare Claudia Hunk who just took the hostess seat!
	
Chapter 31 She Is Drunk
	Jennie Clinton thought in mind, “How dare you!”
	“Were you cursing me to die?”
	“And then she could take my place.”
	She became more and more angry when she thought deeper.
	Jennie just pretended to be that reasonable to Angelia , but she couldn’t make it now!
	But Angelia didn’t get that.
	The champagne that Michael gave her was different from the others with a very strong delayed effect.
	Soon, everything in her eyes start spinning.
	Angelia had blurred vision and her face was growing more and more red.
	Then, among those who didn’t take a seat, someone said something about her.
	“What’s going on? Isn’t that the seat for the hostess? How anxious she is who just be Mrs. Miller.”
	Everyone was laughing when hearing what that man said.
	“Don’t say that. She just might don’t know the rules here and think the seat is hers.”
	It seemed someone was helping Angelia out but actually the man was teasing her.
	“Hey, she is a girl who has studied aboard! She must be valuable.”
	“Valuable? Doesn’t she have any common sense that on the right of the main seat is for the hostess?”
	“I think she is scheming.”
	“Enough!”
	Thomson Miller who had kept silent suddenly knocked his walking stick and rebuked
	Those men who were just talking were silent.
	Thomson turned back and looked at Angelia.
	“Claudia, you...”
	He just didn’t finish what he was going to say and Johnathan just came to Angelia and sat beside her.
	Thomson didn’t say anything when he saw Johnathan sitting next to her.
	Then it was so quiet.
	Johnathan didn’t tell Angelia to stand up from the hostess seat but sat next to her.
	Was he supporting her?
	Everyone was thinking differently in their mind.
	The Millers was what they used to be comparing with a few years ago.
	It was known to all that Johnathan was the one who in real power but not Thomson.
	The Millers should all listen to him.
	Though they disdained for him, they juts had to do this.
	Jennie was as shock as Thomson and they glanced at each other showing their confuse of what Johnathan did.
	Johnathan didn’t change his face and just took it for granted that he could sit there.
	“Shall we begin?” he said.
	Jennie just took it in and she sat down on the left seat instead of competing for the right seat for the hostess.
	Everybody sat down after Jennie.
	Then Johnathan gave Angelia a glass of water.
	Angelia lowered her head down and got tipsy. Her face turned pink with a slightly pouting mouth which made him wanna bite her.
	When seeing there was a glass of water, she lifted her head and looked at Johnathan.
	Like a deer.
	These words just camp up in his mind.
	But he frowned and slightly leaned close to her.
	He said in a voice that only could be heard by them, “you must sober up in three minutes!”
	Angelia blinked her eyes very slowly.
	And asked very seriously, “or will you leave me here alone?”
	He was shock and said,
	“Yes, I will.”
	Angelia showed her fear on her face and got the water, sipped it up.
	She was so good,
	Johnathan couldn’t help gazing at her.
	It was the first time for him to know how Angelia could be if she was drunk.
	
Chapter 32 How Could a “Killer” Have Such a Facial Expression
	Johnathan couldn’t help leaning closer to her and looked at her seriously.
	And he made a joke with her on purpose.
	“One minute left.”
	Angelia was so nervous that she sped up drinking the water.
	Johnathan became soft when he saw how she reacted.
	Every one saw what they were doing and
	They were very surprised.
	No one knew better about Johnathan’s personality.
	They all experienced how cold-bloody and merciless he was when he revenged for himself on all the Millers.
	In his eyes, there was no love. Even though he was in a shopping mall, he could defeat countless enemies, so he could be a “killer”.
	But they just saw such a soft face from him at this moment.
	Everyone was in a great shock and couldn’t believe it.
	Thomson though didn’t have any change on his face when he saw their interaction. He couldn’t help glancing at Claudia Hunk for few times.
	He felt so sorry for Jonathan because he didn’t agree to let he marry to Claudia Hunk.
	Although Jonathan revenged on that, he didn’t want to put him into a trouble.
	Thomson coughed and waited for the others looking away from them.
	“Claudia, is everything OK when your marriage with Jonathan.”
	Angelia struggled to make her sober up with head down. But the more she did like that, the more messy she was.
	She didn’t notice that Thomson was talking to her.
	“Not bad.” Jonathan answered.
	Thomson nodded.
	“Your brother comes up with an idea of the cooperation, did you talk to him?”
	Jonathan glanced at Micheal and said,
	“No, I didn’t.”
	Thomson smiled and looked at Micheal.
	“Mike, tell us about your idea. Your idea is good, and it will be a win-win if you cooperate with Jonathan.”
	Micheal smiled confidently and showed his idea and plan calmly.
	“...The Hunks have bought the area in suburb, and what it needs to be done is to develop and build villas there and it must be the No.1.”
	Micheal slightly pushed his glasses confidently and obviously he was so satisfied with his own plan.
	Jennie felt so happy and contented aside.
	Jonathan however didn’t have any facial expression on his face until he finished his talk.
	He finally gave his comment a while later,
	“You mean, The Hunks and The Millers has already decided the plan and purchase the land-use right. So, everything is ready.”
	“Exactly” Micheal said.
	Jonathan leaned backward slightly, and his mouth was up coldly.
	“So, you want me in now. What can I do? Am I just sitting idle and enjoying the fruits of your work?”
	Everyone was in astonishment of what he said.
	Micheal was embarrassed.
	“No, we...”
	Jonathan reached out his hand and got her glass to him, then put it on the table.
	“You guys have decided the cooperation with the Hunks, but you don’t have funds. Besides, you’ve purchased the land-use right, but you fail to access the right to build the villas.” Jonathan said.
	Micheal was growing more and more embarrassed, and Thomson and Jennie frowned.
	But Jonathan didn’t stop talking.
	“You want me to invest funds and help you access the right but not let me handle it.”
	Jennie said unsatisfactorily, “Jonathan, how could you say that? Doesn’t it sound good to you that you just take profits directly without doing anything?”
	“Take profits directly?”
	Jonathan gave them a brittle laugh.
	They were taking him as a fool.
Chapter 33 Using His Legs as the Pillow?
	“How could I know the funds and profits that I am supposed to invest and get?”
	It was so obvious from what Jonathan said, he didn’t sure whether Micheal would be scheming or not.
	Thomson couldn’t stand for what he said.
	“ Jonathan , we are family, how could Mike cheat you?”
	“Oh, are we family?” Jonathan said.
	He sneered and he didn’t keep talking.
	Everyone on scene didn’t dare to say a word but they all understand what he meant.
	The house was in a dead quiet.
	Crash!
	Every one lifted their head and looked at the direction where the voice came from.
	Angelia’s face was so red with blurring eyes, and she was grabbing the glass from Jonathan.
	Jonathan got the glass from again from her hands and put it on the table without caring about what others’ strange look.
	“My wife doesn’t feel well, I gotta take her home.”
	Jonathan helped Angelia stand up.
	“I still have a few projects in M.I Group, so I’m too busy to join. You’d better look for someone else.”
	Then he turned around and left from the house directly.
	Jennie slapped her hands on the table as soon as they left.
	“Look at his attitude, he just a...”
	“Shut up!”
	Thomson snapped at her.
	Jennie was scared at his voice but stared at him and shouting louder than just now.
	“I didn’t say anything wrong. Why not letting me say it out!”
	Thomson pushed all the thing in front of her standing up angrily.
	“I need to take a rest, help you!”
	No one dared to speak a word and it was so quiet.
	Micheal glanced at every one and laughed suddenly with a wit.
	“Mom, just eat something.”
	“He passed Jennie a dim-sum.”
	“Don’t get angry.”
	Jennie peeked at him and said with satisfaction, “fine, everybody please enjoy it.”
	Then a few of them began to have the meal.
	“It’s not the first time for Jonathan Miller to do like that, and we all get used to it.”
	“You’re right, he is so good, isn’t he?”
	“What kind of mom would give birth to a sun similar to her? Look, he is so different from Mike. How could he just fail to learn from Jennie?” They were talking quietly.
	Micheal took a sip of black tea and didn’t say anything.
	Outside the Miller’s house.
	Jonathan pulled Angelia who was so drunk into the car.
	But Angelia couldn’t sit steadily.
	Jonathan glanced through the contract he prepare in the car and peeked at Angelia.
	“Take off your shoes.”
	She didn’t take any action.
	He frowned and turned his head to him impatiently and saw Angelia’s eyes which looked like deer’s.
	The black car was on the way making no sound.
	Angelia gazed at him stupidly.
	“Claudia Hunk, you...”
	Before he finished his words, Angelia leaned towards to him and fell on his legs.
	Jonathan raised his hands looking at her with shock.
	She lying on his leg and slept soundly and rubbed against his legs with satisfaction.
	She was making his legs as a pillow.
	Jonathan was so surprised that his eyes were slightly wide open thinking that how could she take him as a pillow?
	It was still so quiet in the car with no sound.
	No, there was a grunting.
	Though it was so weak but it could be heard.
	Jonathan couldn’t believe and lowered his head and looked at her.
	She was snoring.
	
Chapter 34 If You Drink Any Alcohol Again, You Will Be Locked in the Dark House
	Angelia lied on Jonathan’s legs comfortably, and she shook off her high heels.
	And she even turned over.
	Jonathan changed his face immediately, and frowned.
	Then he pushed her with his arm.
	“Hey.” He said.
	Angelia didn’t have any reaction, and then she buried herself into Jonathan body.
	“Claudia Hunk” He said to her again.
	Angelia still didn’t have any reaction. He gazed at her for a moment and brought his eyes back on his files.
	He read for a while but he didn’t really analyze them.
	He could feel the warm of Angelia while she was breathing.
	Jonathan couldn’t help eyeing on her.
	He tried so many times. Normally, he could read a contract in 5 minutes. But now, ten minutes over, he didn’t even one page.
	He signed slightly and put the contract down.
	The car was crossing the road in the dark and stopped at his home slowly.
	The drive came out of the car and waited for a moment, but Jonathan didn’t get out.
	Normally, he will get out of the car once the car stopped.
	But nothing happened in the car.
	The driver looked at his watch and worried about him, and then he walked to the car door.
	The car door opened before he reached his hands to the handles.
	The drive put his hands back watching him coming out of the car.
	“Mr. Miller...”
	Before the driver finished his words, Jonathan turned back to the car.
	Soon, he held Angelia to get out of the car.
	The driver was in a great shock which seemed that he didn’t believe what he saw, and he just gazing at Jonathan until they left.
	Jonathan walked inside his house with a cold face.
	The steward came out and welcome him home.
	“Mr. Miller, how do you...”
	He was in a great astonishment and saw Angelia in his embrace with his eye open wide
	Jonathan didn’t stop walking and his face was as cold as the ice like he was going to kill anyone.
	He was holding Angelia and walking straightly to her bedroom. Then he bent over, and was just about to put her down.
	He just let her down on the bed directly.
	“Ouch!”
	Angelia opened her eyes in a daze, and she saw the one in front, the she slowly sobered up.
	“ Jonathan Miller?”
	Jonathan stood up straight and looked at her.
	“If you drink any alcohol again, you will be locked in the dark house!” he said.
	He didn’t know himself that his tone of speaking seemed like he was teaching a kid.
	Angelia sat on the bed, blinked, and slumped back on to the bed, then fell asleep soundly.
	Jonathan stood by her bed, staring at her for a while.
	He ground his teeth with a dark face. But a while later, he pulled the quilt and put it on her, then he left.
	Angelia turned over on her bed and slept soundly.
	She woke up at around 11am in the morning the next day.
	The sun came through from the window, and she got a headache and a little memory about last night came out.
	Micheal gave her a few glasses of champagne and then...
	And she remembered that she just sat on the hostess seat, and they almost argued about it.
	And then on the way back home, she even lied on Jonathan the whole way.
	“How could I lie on such an ice cube, and how could I sleep so soundly? “ She thought.
	She rubbed her forehead, and she rushed out.
	Angelia looked around carefully when she came out from her bedroom.
	
Chapter 35 Time for school
	She saw Jonathan was not here and she came out carefully.
	“What are you doing, Miss Hunks?”
	Angelia suddenly heard the voice of the steward.
	She turned back immediately.
	“I’m about to have meal.” she answered.
	He looked at her for a minute and pointed to the other side.
	“Let me take you there.”
	Angelia followed him and asked in a lower voice.
	“Does Mr. Miller go to the company?”
	“Mr. Miller has already gone out two hours ago.”
	He was peeking at her while he was replying.
	Angelia glanced at him thinking “did the steward think i just get up too late?”
	But she was at ease since Jonathan was not here.
	She walked from the back of the steward and signed in relief.
	Then she could repair that necklace today then she could give it to Jonathan tomorrow.
	Angelia took a seat and was ready to eat.
	Then she lift her head and saw Jonathan coming inside from outside.
	She stood up right away when she saw him.
	“Mr. Miller.”
	Jonathan stopped and stood opposite her and lifted her mouth up.
	“You were so aggressive to me last night, but now how can you be so polite?”
	Angelia looked away and pretended that she didn’t know it.
	“Did I?” She said.
	Jonathan didn’t say a word and he talked to the steward.
	“Bring me the blue paper bag from my study.”
	After the steward left, Angelia lowered her head and almost buried her head into the bowl.
	Jonathan walked to her and stood opposite her.
	“You parents sent me the document and they said they’ve prepared the school for you, and you can attend the school in two days.”
	Angelia looked up at him in a shock.
	“Go to school?”
	“Yes.”
	The steward brought him the documents.
	Jonathan got that and opened the bag and took a few of them out and put them in front of Angelia.
	“Get prepared, and these are the documents. Then you will go to school a few days later.”
	Then he left before Angelia spoke anything.
	The steward bent over and bowed to him.
	“Be careful, Mr. Miller.”
	Watching him leave the house, she took the documents immediately.
	The first paper was an admission notice.
	“University of St Andrews? Business College?”
	She turned the pages and this is the school which Randall Hunk applied for her under the name of Claudia Hunk.
	But she didn’t expect that what they applied for was business college.
	Besides, she will go to school in three days!
	When she was in orphanage, she had kept applying for the major of Identification and restoration of cultural relics in University of St Andrews.
	But she didn’t expect that she was admitted to this school but majored in business.
	Then she looked through the documents and she found the information about her was new.
	Including different kinds of certificates, blood type and photos. They were all changed.
	After finished her meal in a hurry, she went back to her bedroom and began to work.
	It was getting dark, Angelia filled up the necklace with a new metal.
	With a light blow, the necklace shined like a diamond under the light.
	She smiled with satisfaction, and rubbed her sore neck.
	She spent a whole day sitting in her study, and finally fixed the necklace.
	Then she opened the necklace seeing that the empty place which was supposed to be a photo that made her so curious.
	Why did Jonathan so care about the necklace?
	Besides, she thought the relationship of the Hunks and the Millers was so strange.
	She put it back into the box and slightly closed it.
	This was the first time for her to fix a treasure which she spent a lot of time and energy.
	Angelia went downstairs with the necklace. Seeing Jonathan wasn’t home, she sat in the sofa and waited for him instead.
	
Chapter 36 She Isn’t Good for Nothing
	It was getting darker.
	Angelia lied on the sofa and then she fell asleep.
	There was an engine voice coming from outside.
	She woke up immediately.
	But she only saw herself in the living room when she opened her eyes.
	Then she heard the sound of footsteps.
	She turned back and saw Jonathan striding in with the steward walking behind him.
	They all saw Angelia and they glanced at her from head to toe.
	Angelia stood at and looked at the time.
	It was over 1a.m.
	Jonathan took off his suit and passed it to the steward and slightly looked up at Angelia
	“Are you waiting for me?” he said.
	“Yes.” Angelia answered.
	She pulled her crumpled skirt and walked towards him.
	Jonathan looked down and undid a button of his sleeve and pulled off the tie, and then he undid the two buttons on the top of the shirt. He did all he action without a break.
	Then he looked at Angelia.
	He showed a face that he wasn’t willing to see her.
	“Why? Anything is so important that you will sit here and fall asleep.”
	He glanced at Angelia from head to toe captiously that seemed like he was finding what she had done wrong.
	Angelia didn’t know what she did that had pissed him off at all.
	She woke up before he came in, didn’t she?
	Then she peeked at Jonathan.
	Whatever, she got used to his always sudden caprices and moods.
	“I’m gonna return this to you.”
	Angelia opened her palm and passed him the necklace on her hand.
	Jonathan gazed at the necklace for a while and reached for it.
	His fingertips touched her soft palm, and he felt it warm and soft.
	Then she felt a bit itchy, she drew back her hand.
	All the attention of Jonathan was focused on the necklace. He touched it gently and the heart-shape pedant which was broken before opened.
	It looked the same as it used to be, and it was well fixed by her.
	Her skill was so excellent that no trace of fixing could be seen.
	“It’s already fixed.”
	Angelia lifted her head slightly and stuck her chest out.
	“I’ve fixed it.”
	She said it proudly and wanted to let Johnathan look at her.
	He held the necklace in his palm.
	“You’ve been waiting until now just to give me this?”
	Angelia smiled shyly.
	“Because I am concerned that I won’t see you in the next morning.”
	His eyes hardly changed but his tone was the same as usual.
	“If you get up earlier, how can’t you meet me in the morning?”
	Then he went upstairs with the necklace.
	Angelia sighed in relief and she thought that Jonathan’s mood seemed to be good.
	Since she had to live here for a while, it was impossible for her to just not meet Jonathan.
	She planned to avoid seeing him at first, but it was impossible for the time being.
	Angelia changed her mind thinking that she would just face it instead of avoiding it.
	If she got along well with Jonathan, and one day he knew the truth that she was the fake Claudia Hunk. He wouldn’t blame her too much because she had helped him fix the necklace.
	She was scared to death before, but soon, she realized what she needed to do.
	For the time being, she managed to do the first step- fixing the necklace.
	Angelia secretly gave herself a peace sign and walked to her bedroom satisfactorily.
	Jonathan went back to his bedroom.
	After taking a shower and came out from the bathroom. He saw the necklace which was supposed to be with a photo on the table, and then he couldn’t help thinking a face from his mind.
	He shook his head and said,
	“She wasn’t good for nothing.”
Chapter 37 The Steward Hesitated for a Half Second
	University of St Andrews was one of the top universities.
	Though it was a private school but with the greatest and strongest faculty.
	It was supported by the Millers, which was one of the famous clans with great power and fame.
	However, five years ago, the M.I. Group which was founded by Jonathan just sprung up and it seemed like a huge empire which showed up just in a night.
	Within a month, the M.I. Group swallowed up over half of the industry of the Hunks, and Jonathan became the largest shareholder among the Millers.
	Everyone thought he would protect the Millers, and pocketed the Millers.
	He suddenly showed that he wasn’t willing to be the leader of the Millers, because he already owned the M.I. Group. So there was no reason for him to take over it.
	What he said obviously embarrassed all the Millers.
	After that, The Millers wasn’t what it used to be and just barely maintained operation.
	However, under this circumstance, University of St Andrews was still open and became the major income of the Millers.
	Actually, this was the school for the noble children. And based on it’s faculty and teaching environment, the tuition fee was deserved to be that expensive.
	Before Angelia studied at that school, she searched the net and got some information by accident.
	It was the first time for her to see the tuition fee was in seven digits.
	Angelia knew it and came to the steward showing that she wanted to change a school with a cheaper tuition fee.
	But as “Claudia Hunk”, she showed her idea in an indirect way.
	But no matter how mild and indirect she said, the steward who was good at gauging people’s mind could get her exact meaning.
	He gazed at Angelia for a while, the replied her very formally.
	“If Miss Hunks want to do that, I will talk to Mr. Miller.”
	Then he turned back after finished his words.
	“Wait!”
	Angelia held him immediately and smiled.
	“But never tell him that it is my idea.”
	The steward said, “OK.”
	At night, Jonathan was back from the company and he asked the steward what happened today.
	The steward told what Angelia said to him to Jonathan.
	Jonathan hung his suit on the shelf and asked,
	“Did she say that?”
	The steward had promised her not to tell him the truth but he just hesitated for a half second and replied,
	“Yes, she seemed to think the tuition fee is not suitable.”
	Jonathan frowned, and went upstairs then knocked Angelia’s bedroom.
	Angelia was searching the information of the University of St Andrews, and then she opened the door by stepping on her slippers.
	When the door was open, he said directly, “do you want to change a school?”
	She peeked at the steward who was at the back of Jonathan with his head down. He was avoiding her eyes on purpose.
	The steward was so unreliable!
	She just told him not to tell Jonathan but he just told him.
	“Yes.”
	She nodded her head and gazing at her slippers.
	She was wearing a very simple red flip flop making her skin white and red, and her toes was moving.
	Jonathan was attracted by her and glanced through her bedroom.
	It was his bedroom before but it changed a lot now.
	It was a super simple room but now there were some little stuff.
	The office table was moved by the bed and there was a glass with a yellow flower in it making the room so quiet and elegant.
	Angelia saw that he was gazing at her bedroom instead of speaking a word.
	It was his room before and she just changed the decoration, and she didn’t tell him.
	She was not sure whether he would be angry or not.
	Angelia explained to her immediately, “I needed to fix the necklace two days ago so I move the desk next to the window which would be brighter. If you don’t like it, I will move it back.”
	
Chapter 38 Are You Saving Me Money
	Jonathan held his eyes back and looked at Angelia.
	“Since that it is your room, you can do whatever you want.”
	“But as for your school.”
	He said in a slightly higher pitch, “you’ve been applying for the school half year ago, but why you are regretful for that?”
	It was Claudia Hunk that applied for that school.
	Angelia glanced at him carefully and was afraid that he could find any flaw then she made an excuse.
	“I didn’t know the tuition fee was that expensive before.”
	“Are you saving me money?”
	He didn’t think that the daughter of the Hunks would be such considerable.
	According to the information, Claudia Hunk spent over ten million when she was studying aboard. How could she feel that the tuition fee was expensive?
	He came up with a sudden confusion.
	Then he frowned, and thought,
	If she just pretended to do like that, she must so good at acting.
	Jonathan gazed at her.
	“I can afford your tuition fee as the largest shareholder of the University of St Andrews. Never mention it again.”
	Then he left her bedroom walking to his.
	He stopped at his room door.
	“Go and ask Truman Bell to investigate Claudia Hunk again.”
	“Yes, Mr. Miller.”
	When the steward left, he pushed his door open and got inside his room.
	There was something wrong with Claudia Hunk.
	Two days later, Angelia stood at the gate of the University of St Andrews.
	The school gate was magnificent with tall trees planted on the side, which expanded from wide to narrow.
	The words of “University of St Andrews” was carved on the gate with freely style of writing, and it was said that it was written by a contemporary calligraphy master.
	It was so magnificent just looking from the gate, so inside the school would be more remarkable.
	It was the first day of the school, and many parents accompanied their child to come.
	Everyone was rich and competed with each other for beauty of looks.
	The cars that were driving in the school were gorgeous and more and more expensive.
	There were nearly the top richest men gathering here.
	The steward was supposed to let the driver send Angelia inside the school, but she got out of the car earlier.
	“I just walk inside.” she said to the steward.
	The steward glanced at the gate and saw nearly all the students were sent inside by car.
	But there were a few of them didn’t sit at the car, and they were specially admitted to the school.
	They were good at studying but poor.
	According to him, those students could be discriminated and isolated.
	However, Angelia didn’t know the concern of the steward, and she just didn’t want to gain much attention.
	Because when she searched on the net about the information of the school, she read some comments on the online blog.
	Someone just posted a message that the wife of Jonathan Miller, the only child of the Hunks would study here.
	The marriage between the Millers and the Hunks created quite a stir and everyone was discussing about it.
	Everyone in University of St Andrews was excited since Claudia Hunk would study here.
	Jonathan Miller, as the most popular rich upstart, he was so handsome and wealthy that a lot of girls were competing for being Mrs. Millers.
	But no one could expect that Claudia Hunk who was aboard got stole their chances.
	No one would be convinced.
	If Angelia sat in the Miller’s car and walked into the school proudly, she would be killer by those who was in love with Jonathan.
	The steward nodded his head and let her walk inside alone.
	He passed the bag to her and said,
	“I will pick you up at 4pm.”
Chapter 39 Apologize
	Waking from the door gate, there was a huge lake on the right with some lotus flowers.
	It was summer, the light red budding flowers could be seen in the water.
	The moisture came from the lake swept away the heat of summer.
	Passing through the welcoming ceremony, she looked down from afar and headed to the classroom.
	She got to the classroom with her admission notice on her hands.
	Angelia checked once and was about to step when the door was suddenly open.
	There was a girl in thick make-up and a mini-skirt standing there, and she frowned when she saw Angelia.
	“Get out of my way!” she said, and then she pushed Angelia away.
	Angelia didn’t say a word and she was pushed then hit on the wall. And she had a pain in her shoulder.
	But the girl didn’t care about that and looked at the distance with a tiptoe.
	Then, a girl with long curly hair lying on her back like seaweed just came out from the classroom.
	“Chloe, is she coming?” she said.
	Chloe Swift leaned against the door and said, “No, there are only 30 students in our class, and 29 of them are here. If someone just comes, she must be Claudia Hunk!”
	Angelia rubbed her shoulder and was surprised to hear that.
	They were looking for her.
	“She won’t come, will she?” Chloe Swift kept talking.
	Bonnie Taylor pointed to her long hair and looked up.
	“It’s impossible. My uncle told me she didn’t reject that and she must come today.”
	Then she glanced at Angelia who was standing outside the classroom.
	“Who are you? Why are you standing here?”
	Chloe Swift didn’t wait for Angelia to speak then curled her lips.
	“Special enrolled, maybe. I saw her when I came in.”
	Bonnie Taylor rolled her eyes and was looked at Angelia from head to toe in disgust.
	“What’s wrong with this school, how could they just put such a special-enrolled with me in a same class. Oh, the air smells so bad because of her.”
	Then she covered her nose with her hands which seemed like Angelia was having some virus.
	Angelia frowned and she didn’t explain but just came inside from the back door.
	Bonnie Taylor held Chloe Swift’s hand and said,
	“Whatever, maybe she won’t come today.”
	Then she turned around and seemed like she didn’t see Angelia, then walked straight ahead.
	But there was a flash of demon light, she hit Angelia on her shoulder.
	“Ouch!”
	Bonnie Taylor helped her shoulder and shouted. Then she lifted her head and stared at Angelia angrily.
	“What’s wrong with you? Did you leave your eye balls at home and went out to step on me?”
	Angelia was bumped hard by her and almost fell on the ground. And her shoulder was hurt.
	She didn’t expect that she was scolded before she said a word.
	Then Angelia frowned and turned back to look at Bonnie Taylor.
	“I am walking ahead, how can I hit you?”
	Bonnie Taylor lifted her eyebrows and shouted at Angelia
	“How dare you said like that! If you aren’t blocking my way, I won’t get hurt.”
	Chloe Swift came over and stood in front of Bonnie Taylor.
	“What are you doing here? You have to obey the rules here once you study at St Andrews. You are poor and ill-bred for sure. How did your mom and dad teach you?
	Angelia clenched her fist instantly.
	She had been living in orphanage since she could remember.
	And she didn’t even know who her parents were.
	But Aunt Annie in orphanage brought her up and looked after her so well. She had always taken her as her family and she couldn’t stand anyone who slandered her family.
	“Apologize!”
	Angelia yelled at her in a lower voice
	
Chapter 40 You Are a Wild Kid without Being Taught by Mom
	Every one turned back and looked at three of them.
	But no one would come and help and they even waited for a show to come like rubbernecks.
	Chloe Swift gazed at Angelia in surprise, and sneered like she heard something ridiculous.
	“Apologize? Are you blind? Don’t you know who Bonnie Taylor is? How dare you let us say sorry to you?”
	Angelia didn’t move at all and she insisted, “Apologize for what you said!”
	“What did I say?”
	Chloe Swift thought and laughed, “Oh, I see. I said you are ill-bred. If you don’t like it, then I change one.”
	She paused and came over to her
	“I say you are a wild child without being taught by your mom...”
	Slash!
	Angelia lifted her hand and slapped at her.
	She was so angry with a shaking hand.
	“I say apologize to me!”
	Chloe Swift opened her eyes wide and didn’t give any response.
	It was so quiet in the classroom and everybody gazed at Angelia in a great shock.
	It was known to all that Bonnie Taylor’s uncle was the vice-principle of the school, and University of St Andrews was just like her home.
	Bonnie Taylor was so arrogant that one dared to disobey her.
	Once there was a guy had an argument with her, then a few days later, the guy was expelled from the school.
	Now, Angelia slapped at Bonnie Taylor’s follower, so Bonnie wouldn’t let go.
	It was the first day of school, so she might be expelled from here.
	A few seconds later, Chloe Swift was back to herself.
	She covered her face which was beaten by Angelia.
	“You slapped at me! Bonnie, she slapped at me!”
	Bonnie Taylor frowned though she had been always thinking Chloe Swift was so annoying,
	But Chloe was her follower, it was known to all.
	And she was beaten by others in front of so many people that embarrassed her!
	“How dare you to be so arrogant on the first day of school. Believe me or not! I can just let you disappear from the school anytime!”
	Angelia was a bit nervous and she knew they were not just nobody.
	But Chloe Swift offended the bottom line in her heart.
	She couldn’t stand any slander on her family.
	“i only want her to apologize to me.”
	“Apologize for what? She didn’t say anything wrong. I will give a lecture so you will know you are nothing.
	Bonnie Taylor came closer and poked Angelia’s shoulder.
	“Let me tell you. There is no place for bumpkins like you!”
	Then a teacher carrying with some information just came in.
	He felt the weird atmosphere, and said, “Everybody take a seat and ready for the meeting.”
	Bonnie Taylor stared at Angelia angrily and hit her when she passed by.
	“Let’s wait and see. It isn’t over.”
	Every one sat down quietly.
	Angelia loosened her fist and sat down at the last row.
	There was a girl next to her, but she saw Angelia coming t closer, so she stood up and sat down at the front row.
	Everyone knew how powerful Bonnie Taylor was, so nobody dared to get close to Angelia not to mention talking to her, because they didn’t want to be in a trouble.
	The mentor was named Jones looking very young and he might be at the age of thirty.
	He looked gentle in black glasses.
	He knocked at the blackboard to activate the classroom atmosphere.
	“It is the first day of school. Since you don’t know each other well, so let have a brief introduction one by one.”
	The student sat in front walked towards the stage confidently.
	They were all from a rich family and so familiar with each other.
	The atmosphere was relaxed then, and even they made some jokes.
	
Chapter 41 Welcome Mr. Miller to Our School
	Angelia lowered her head and rubbed her shoulder. Where she was hit just now still hurt.
	The classroom was quiet for a while. A clear voice sounded.
	“Hello, my name is Doris Brown. I’m sure everyone knows me, so I won’t introduce more.”
	Angelia raised her head. She saw Doris standing on the platform, looking up slightly, like a proud white swan.
	Her proud eyes swept around everyone.
	Miss Green nodded and asked with a smile, “Doris, you can say more about your hobbies.”
	“I have no hobbies, but...”
	She took a look at Angelia, who was sitting at the back, suddenly said, “Miss Green, I have something to say.”
	“What is it?”
	Doris seemed to be smiling, but she was not really smiling.
	“When I came in just now, I was hit by someone on purpose. I just wanted her to apologize to me. I didn’t expect that she didn’t apologize, but also beat Katy. I was really disappointed to be in the same class with such a person.”
	After listening to her lies, Angelia felt astounded.
	Doris continued, “I don’t think such a student could stay in our school. I advise that she should be expelled from school so as not to affect our school’s image.”
	No one dared to say something for Angelia after Doris’ speech.
	Everyone who was sitting here knew that this was not what Doris said.
	But because of her background, no one dared to help Angelia.
	It was not worth offending Doris Brown for a poor girl.
	Miss Green didn’t know what happened just now.
	This was her first time to be a head teacher. She had a great passion and her heart was filled with indignation after hearing such thing.
	“Who are you talking about?”
	Doris Brown raised her hand and pointed to Angelia.
	“It’s her!”
	Everyone turned around and looked at Angelia together.
	Miss Green looked Angelia over and saw that she looked smart and obedient. She didn’t look like someone who could do such a thing.
	“Doris, I think there may be any misunderstanding between you...”
	Doris interrupted Miss Green directly with a sharp voice.
	“What misunderstanding? Is it a fake that she hit people? “
	“Yes.” Katy suddenly stood up and pointed to the faint red mark on her face.
	“She made the mark on my face!”
	Miss Green saw the red mark on her face, and asked several students.
	“Did she hit Katy?”
	Several students nodded.
	Miss Green sank her face and yelled at Angelia.
	“You! Stand up! Apologize to Doris and Katy.
	Angelia looked at the students who were afraid to talk.
	“Exactly, I have hit her. But I won’t apologize.”
	Bang!
	Miss Green slapped the table and made a loud noise.
	“You dare be so arrogant after hitting someone!”
	Angelia didn’t talk.
	Doris then smiled and said contentedly, “Well, what I want is not an apology. I want you to disappear from Phillips College!”
	At the same time, a silver Bugatti Veyron slowly stopped at the gate of Phillips College.
	The long red carpet extended from the car door to the campus.
	The leaders of the school, from the principal to the senior teachers, all stood on both sides of the red carpet and greeted their guest with smiles.
	The door opened and a pair of long legs stepped out.
	President Smith felt pleased and hurriedly went forward to greet the guest.
	“On behalf of all the teachers and students, we warmly welcome Mr. Miller to our school!”
	The corners of Jonathan’s mouth curved up, and his pair of dark eyes were hidden under sunglasses.
	“I’m just to walk around here. You don’t need gather such a big group to welcome me.”
	
Chapter 42 What’s Your Name?
	Smith’s smile made his wrinkled face turn into a flower.
	“Yes, yes, I’ll take you in.”
	As he said this, he walked into the campus and winked at the vice president Mr. Becker at the back.
	Becker understood. He went up to lead Jonathan to the business school.
	Although Jonathan was Phillips College’s largest shareholder, he never came to school before.
	This time he came here on the first day of new term. Everyone knew that he must have come for his wife, who just enrolled in this school.
	Becker of course knew.
	Having known that Hunk’ daughter would come to Phillips College before. He had arranged his niece Doris Brown in the same class.
	He wanted his niece to establish a good relationship with the daughter of Hunk’s in order to gain some benefits from Miller.
	He thought contentedly and walked straight to Angelia’s classroom.
	On the other side.
	Doris Brown pointed at Angelia and insisted on driving her out of school.
	Miss Green couldn’t discourage Doris, so she had to persuade Angelia in a low voice.
	“You’d better apologize. You’ve worked hard to get into college. If you’re dropped out, your life will be ruined!”
	Of course Angelia knew.
	‘The influence was not just like this. If this event went to Jonathan’s ear, she didn’t know how he would treat her.’
	She had her own principles and couldn’t give in.
	“I have said I didn’t do anything wrong. They are the ones who should make apology!”
	Miss Green sighed. She had no way to solve the problem.
	“Why are you so stubborn?”
	Angelia didn’t talk.
	Doris Brown spoke in a mean way, “You needn’t apologize. I will inform the leadership of our school now and let them have a look!”
	She took out her mobile phone and dialed a phone number.
	After a second, ringing of cell phone came from outside the door.
	Everyone turned around and saw the vice president Becker coming in from the door.
	When Doris Brown saw him, she ran to him and grabbed his hand.
	“Uncle, how do you know I have something to ask for you?”
	Becker looked a little awkward.
	Just now when he was outside, he was already a little dissatisfied when hearing the noise inside.
	He winked at Doris Brown and kept looking back.
	“Doris, aren’t you in class now? You can tell me after school.”
	But Doris didn’t understand his intention at all.
	“No way! I have to say now! I can’t bear to stay in a classroom with such a person for a minute!”
	She pointed at Angelia and complained, “That person, she hit me and she didn’t apologize. She even beat Katy! How can such a person continue to stay in our school?”
	After hearing this, Becker frowned and looked at Angelia. He scolded her from head to toe in the bottom of his heart.
	‘Who is she?’
	‘They don’t make trouble in the usual times, but make trouble when Miller comes.’
	Becker turned his head a little and saw Jonathan keep staring at the troublemaker. He suddenly felt relieved and happy.
	‘He had always wanted to be the president. If he scolded the student harshly in front of Mr. Miller, he would show his ability.’
	‘Mr. Miller saw his ability and then may promote him to the position of president.’
	After thinking that, Becker walked over with a serious face.
	“What’s your name? You breach the discipline on the first day of new term. How many times have we said that fighting is forbidden in our school discipline? You still don’t keep it into your mind!”
	Angelia was frightened from the moment Jonathan came in.
	She had no idea that Jonathan would come to school.
	Unfortunately, this situation was witnessed by him!
	
Chapter 43 Let Me Tell You. Her Name Is Claudia Hunk
	Seeing that Angelia didn’t speak, Becker raised his voice discontentedly.
	“I’m talking to you! Look at me! The quality of students is really getting worse and worse! You can no longer stay in Phillips College! You’re expelled from our school!”
	He took a form from his dispatch case.
	“What’s your name? I’ll let them go through the formalities. I don’t want to see you for another second!”
	“Claudia Hunk.”
	A low male voice came from the door.
	“I’m asking your name!”
	Becker frowned and yelled, then noticed something was wrong.
	Did that voice seem to be Jonathan’s?
	He turned around and saw Jonathan striding over.
	“Mr. Miller?”
	Jonathan did not look at him.
	“Didn’t you ask her name? I tell you, her name is Claudia Hunk.”
	As soon as his words coming out, everyone was instantly quiet as if the falling of needle could be heard.
	Claudia Hunk?
	‘Isn’t that the only daughter of Hunks, Miller’s wife?’
	Becker, who was just shouting, turned pale!
	He turned to Angelia in horror.
	Is… Is she Claudia Hunk?
	Standing on the platform, Doris was shocked no less than her uncle.
	‘How could she be Claudia Hunk?’
	Katy was certain she saw Angelia walked into the school.
	Except for those poor students with good grades, how could she walk to school instead of going to school by car?
	Her hands shook violently, and her face went pale.
	Everyone presented was shocked!
	Jonathan smiled blandly. He walked behind Angelia and lowered his head slightly.
	“It seems that what you said before is right. Phillips is not suitable for you.”
	He made the school leaders and teachers panic in an instant just with a sentence.
	President Smith got so angry that he pushed Becker away.
	“Miss Hunk, I’m really sorry. They don’t know your identity. It’s all misunderstanding. It’s just misunderstanding.”
	He wiped the sweat on his head and smiled at Angelia, trying to please her.
	Jonathan smiled and said blandly, “Don’t you need her to apologize and expel her?”
	“Impossible, impossible, how can we expel Miss Jiang? We ought to have them apologize to Miss Jiang!”
	He pinched Becker while he was speaking.
	‘Before that, he promised to say he was well prepared and it would be perfect.’
	‘It was all bullshit!’
	‘If they offend Miss Hunk, that mean they also offended Mr. Miller. If they offended Mr. Miller, Phillips College couldn’t open.’
	‘As long as Mr. Miller orders, they all have to lose their jobs!’
	Becker also knew that his niece had made trouble, so he quickly bowed to Angelia and Jonathan to make amends.
	“That was misunderstandings. All of that was misunderstanding. I’ll ask them to apologize to Miss Hunk.”
	Then he turned to Doris on the platform and yelled.
	“Doris! You came here! Apologize to Miss Hunk!”
	Doris turned her head reluctantly.
	“No way!”
	All the people’s faces darkened.
	“Doris Brown!”
	Becker, with an angry face, strode over and pulled her to Angelia!
	“Apologize!”
	Doris Brown, straightening up her neck, refused to bow her head.
	“Obviously, she hit me! Why should I apologize?”
	Becker gnashed his teeth and looked at her viciously.
	Angelia spoke at this time, “I was walking in front of you. It’s impossible for me to hit you. It was you hit me.”
	“You also beat Katy!”
	Jonathan glanced at Katy and asked Angelia.
	“Did you beat her?”
	Angelia lowered her head slightly. She was worried about if Jonathan would not be happy.
	“Yes...”
	“Don’t hit people anymore.”
	He said in a cold voice.
	Angelia felt scared instantly. However, she heard Jonathan continue saying something. “Are our bodyguards recruited only for show?”
	
Chapter 44 Are Our Bodyguards Recruited Only for Show?
	“What?”
	Angelia didn’t react for a while, looking up at her in surprise.
	Becker was the first to respond.
	He yanked Doris over and made her bow to Angelia.
	“I’m really sorry, Mr. Miller and Miss Hunk. It’s all Doris’s fault. She has been naughty since she was a child. It must be misunderstanding. Please forgive her.”
	Doris frowned and her face showed reluctance, but she didn’t speak.
	Jonathan looked on coldly. He also didn’t speak.
	Becker knew what was going on. So he pulled Doris to turn to Angelia.
	“Miss Hunk, as long as you can forgive Doris, she will do anything for you.”
	Angelia was not the one could be bullied. Otherwise, she couldn’t survive in the orphanage where good and bad mixed together.
	“I want Doris and Katy to apologize for what they said.” She said directly.
	Becker had no idea what they had said before.
	At this time, someone whispered, “They said she was not cultured because she didn’t have a mother to teach her. Now the retribution finally comes.”
	People who were standing heard these sentences. Their faces fell again, like almost want to kill someone!
	Before Becker spoke, Smith yelled.
	“You two! Come here to apologize!”
	Katy hurriedly ran over and was about to cry.
	“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to do that.”
	Doris was also pulled by Becker to apologize.
	Jonathan suddenly opened his mouth and sneered.
	“Just now, I hear someone said it was necessary to take good care of the discipline of the school. Such a person staying in the school will affect the image of the school.”
	Doris and Katy turned pale, influenced by his words.
	Smith instantly understood Jonathan’s meaning.
	If it was just a fuss, it could be solved easily. But he didn’t expect that Doris and Katy dared to scold others with such ugly words.
	‘Even if Miss Hunk only asked them to apologize, Miller would not let them go.’
	Everyone knew that Jonathan minded this kind of words most.
	Smith gritted his teeth.
	“Doris, Katy, you two...”
	Before he finished his sentence, Doris grabbed his arm and cried.
	“No! That’s not what I said! It’s Katy! That’s none of my business! Don’t expel me!”
	Smith asked the students next to him.
	Several students nodded and were certain that Katy had said all those words.
	Then Smith changed his tune.
	“Katy! Students who don’t observe discipline and don’t have morality are not welcomed by Phillips College. You’re dismissed now! Leave right now!”
	Katy went deadly pale and fell back.
	She looked at Doris fiercely and wanted to incriminate her.
	“Those words were said by me, but Doris also had responsibilities! She…”
	“Katy! Stop! Get out!”
	Worried that she would say something harmful to Doris, Becker raised his voice directly to interrupt her, and called two security guards to pull her out.
	Katy’s unwilling scream went away gradually.
	Smith was relieved.
	“Mr. Miller, do you think this is OK?”
	Jonathan smiled faintly.
	“I just came to see the school. You can make your own decisions about the school affairs.”
	With that, he turned and walked out.
	A crowd of people followed him and came out.
	The classroom became empty and silent for an instant.
	Angelia just turned around to sit down. Suddenly she noticed a pair of eyes, with a strong hatred, look straight to her.
	It was Doris Brown.
Chapter 45 The Most Striking Person
	When having class, Angelia could feel sight coming from all directions of the classroom.
	She sat on pins and needles for a class.
	As soon as the bell rang, several girls came over.
	“Claudia Hunk, we are planning to go to the concert. Do you want to go together?”
	They put a flyer in front of Angelia with laugh.
	Before Angelia opened her mouth, another person smiled and explained.
	“You haven’t come back from abroad. You may not know the star. He is very popular in our country!”
	Angelia looked down and saw a person’s side face on the flyer.
	Although the man’s face was not very clear because of the beautification, she recognized him with the lachrymal mole on his eyes.
	“Echo Bello, I know him.”
	At present, he was the most popular star of all-round development in America. He was involved in many areas.
	Now he was only 23 years old, but had attained the major music and film awards. He enjoyed great popularity.
	More importantly, Angelia really knew him.
	Looking at the profile on the flyer, she couldn’t help laughing.
	The girls who came over with the flyer looked at each other. They noticed her laughing.
	Angelia was talking about really “knowing”, not simple “knowing”.
	‘Did she mean that they know each other?’
	A girl smiled, “Actually it’s better to know him. This batch of tickets has been sold. Could you help us to ask for two tickets of near the stage, since stars often had free tickets?”
	Angelia hesitated for a moment.
	“Sorry, I haven’t been in touch with him for a long time, and I haven’t had time recently.”
	All concerts started in the evening. How could Jonathan allow her to go out?
	What’s more, she and Echo only spent a few years together in the orphanage when they were children.
	‘It has been so long. He may have already forgotten her.’
	Even if Angelia wanted to see it, she lived in Miller’s house now and had no money to afford a concert ticket.
	But these girls clearly didn’t understand.
	“Just contact him a few times, OK? We really like Echo Bello.”
	Angelia frowned in embarrassment.
	“Sorry, I’m really inconvenient. Please find someone else.”
	She quickly packed up her things and ran out.
	As soon as Angelia left, they scorned and the expression on their faces became dissatisfied instantly.
	“What’s the big deal? What’s the meaning of ‘inconvenient’? I think it’s absolutely looking down on us.”
	“Maybe she didn’t know Echo at all. Otherwise, how can she refuse such a small request?”
	“Forget it. After all, she married Jonathan who is now the most famous and powerful one.”
	“Bullshit! She may use some kinds of insidious means. I heard from my mother...”
	On the other side, Angelia hurried out of school.
	She wanted to come to school peacefully, but she didn’t expect things went worse.
	She believed that almost everyone in the school would know her by tomorrow.
	As soon as she stepped out of school gate, a Rolls-Royce Phantom stopped by the side of the road.
	The black streamlined body was shining in the sun.
	Even in such a noble school, the appearance of such a car at the door could attract many people’s attention.
	What’s more, the steward wore a black tuxedo, with white gloves on his hands. There was a watch hanging on his chest pocket.
	He looked like an old housekeeper of the last century.
	And he immediately became the most eye-catching person at the school gate.
	Angelia saw the scene. She stopped.
	But the steward had opened his mouth.
	“Miss Hunk.”
	Everyone’s eyes looked at them instantly.
Chapter 46 Is It Low-Key?
	Angelia had little choice but to walk over in front of all people.
	She looked at the car in front of her and the steward’s exaggerated clothes.
	“Mr. Steward, I remember that it is not the car this morning.”
	The car in the morning looked more low-key than this one. And Mr. Steward was not wearing this suit, but an ordinary suit.
	Now they seemed to come from the Medieval Ages
	The steward nodded to Angelia respectfully.
	“This is what Mr. Miller ordered.”
	He didn’t tell her all.
	Jonathan called him as soon as he left school.
	He asked steward to rearrange everything before picking up Angelia in the afternoon.
	Since the housekeeper had worked for Jonathan for so many years, he certainly understood what he meant.
	So he instantly found the most luxury but low-key car in the garage, and put on a suit which was only for major occasions.
	As getting more and more attention, Angelia hurriedly got on the car.
	“Miss Hunk, could we take you to school in the future?” said the steward.
	Angelia hesitated.
	“With this car?”
	“If you don’t like it, I’ll ask the driver to replace it,” the steward said.
	Angelia was finally relieved.
	“All right.”
	The next day.
	Angelia walked out with some books she needed today.
	She saw the steward standing outside in a suit and bow tie.
	Beside him was a light blue car.
	Although Angelia had poor understanding of cars’, she knew clearly that this Bugatti type 57SC Atlantic was produced in 1936, and there were only three in the world.
	It was known as not only the most expensive antique car ever, but also the most beautiful car.
	‘According to previous information, the price of the car was more than $30 million.’
	‘Such a car must be more eye-catching than Rolls Royce phantom yesterday.’
	‘She may get ten times as much attention today as she got yesterday.’
	Angelia frowned and refused to get on the car.
	The steward reminded her.
	“Miss Hunk, it’s almost time for class.”
	Angelia asked, “Are there no other cars?”
	“If you don’t like it, I will change it for you tomorrow, but it’s too late today,” said the steward dutifully
	“It’s not late, isn’t it? Isn’t there more than half an hour left?”
	The steward smiled.
	“Mr. Miller’s garage is not here. It will take twenty minutes to get back and forth. Then you will be late.”
	‘So she could only go in this car today?’
	Angelia got on the car a little reluctantly.
	“Mr. Steward, do you really take me into school today? Actually, it’s fine to park outside, like a street or two streets away from the school.”
	The steward’s answer was airtight.
	“This is the order of Mr. Miller.”
	At half past eight in the morning, a light blue antique car slowly rolled into the school.
	Retro look and eye-catching design instantly made them became the focus of all people.
	This was like a super mansion running on the road.
	The car kept on going until it reached the door of the classroom in business school and finally stopped.
	The steward got out of the car first and opened the door for Angelia gracefully.
	“Miss Hunk, I’ll pick you up at the same time in the afternoon.”
	“Ok.”
	As soon as Angelia got off the car, she felt several times as blazing eyes cast on her today as before.
	She hurriedly answered the steward. Lowering her head, she instantly walked inside to hide in classroom. Without looking at other people’s eyes, she went straight to her seat and sat down.
	The people who asked her to go to the concert yesterday saw her and came back.
	“Claudia, won’t you go to the concert?”
	Angelia shook her head.
	“I really don’t have time.”
	But the girl didn’t mind at all. She came to hug her hand intimately.
	“It doesn’t matter if you don’t go. You can ask Echo for some tickets. We can go by ourselves.”
	Her intimate actions made Angelia frown.
	“But I haven’t been in touch with Echo for a long time, and I don’t want to disturb him.”
	They looked at each other and came up with an idea.
	“Stop joking, Claudia. As long as you say a word, he will certainly give you the tickets, since we are all his fans to support him.”
	“I really can’t…”
	They saw Angelia was so stubborn. Their faces changed and they stood up.
	“I know. Do you think we don’t have money for tickets? So how about we buy your tickets?”
	“No, I really can’t help you with that.”
	But they didn’t listen to Angelia’s explanation at all.
	“You just don’t want to help us? What’s the big deal? We’ve been begging you for two days already. How can you refuse to lend us a hand?”
	“You are so mean. Claudia Hunk, perhaps you don’t know Echo at all. Did you say that just for fooling us?”
	Angelia pursed her lips and didn’t say anything.
	“If you have any trouble, don’t ask us for help in the future.”
	They snorted coldly, turned around to leave with a word.
	The last class was P.E.
	According to the course Claudia Hunk applied for, she took volleyball.
	When Angelia arrived at the volleyball court, she saw Doris and the girls who asked her to go to the concert.
	They got together and talked about something, looking at Angelia frequently.
	Angelia didn’t know anything about volleyball. She was groping for it.
	Those girls came and said to the teacher with smile.
	“Teacher, can you arrange us to compete in groups today? We can grasp the opportunity to know each other.”
	The teacher nodded with satisfaction.
	“Ok, but you should remember that friendship first, competition second.”
	“I see.”
	Those girls happily looked around. They seemed to raise their hands casually and pointed to Angelia.
	“Claudia Hunk, you must be very good at volleyball, right? Let’s have a competition!”
	Angelia didn’t know volleyball at all.
	Just when she was about to refuse, they said with a smile again. “Don’t refuse us so quickly. We are just practicing. You are not so mean, are you?”
	The teacher began to help persuade her.
	“Claudia, just have a competition.”
	Angelia nodded with frowning after a while.
	Several people in her class volunteered to attend with Angelia.
	A few minutes later, Angelia, Doris and other students stood on both sides of the volleyball court.
	With the whistle, Doris served.
	She took a look at Angelia, showing a proud smile. She jumped up abruptly and bounced the ball to Angelia!
	The ball firstly went straight in the air, and then rushed over to Angelia directly.
	Usually serve is more relaxed. It shouldn’t be so aggressive.
	The volleyball with strong momentum came to Angelia in an instant.
	Bang!
	The ball hit Angelia heavily on her shoulder!
	Angelia bent and fell to the ground.
	The ball rolled to the other side.
	Her shoulders hurt so badly as if they were to crack. Angelia couldn’t stand up for a while.
	Doris covered her mouth in surprise and pretended to be worried.
	“Oh, you are so careless, are you ok?”
Chapter 47 You Can’t Win Every Time
	Those who asked Angelia to go to the concert saw what happened to her. They all laughed.
	“So you are unable to play volleyball? I thought you could do anything.”
	“Agree. If you didn’t know how to play volleyball, you needn’t play it with reluctance.”
	“Can you stand up? Don’t waste our time. Do you still want to play it? “
	“How dare you talk to her like this? Be careful that she will say we bully her and drive us all out of school.”
	With that, they laughed smugly again.
	The teacher turned this way.
	“Claudia, do you want to continue?”
	“Yes!”
	Angelia stood up hard and clenched her teeth.
	Doris and other girls looked at each other and she bounced the volleyball in her hand.
	“Just do it, but don’t say we bully you later.”
	The volleyball in her hand was launched out. As the scene just now, it smashed straight at Angelia!
	All of the others in Angelia’s team dared not interfere, huddling on the corner of the court.
	Even if they knew that Doris was intentional, they didn’t dare to interfere.
	When the volleyball came to Angelia’s face, she reached for it, clenching her teeth.
	The powerful volleyball hit directly on her wrist!
	Angelia’s hands shook and the ball flew out of the bound.
	She pursed her mouth, enduring the pain in her wrist, picked up the ball and served without saying a word!
	The volleyball spun in the air and fell into Doris’s hands.
	She looked at Angelia with a sneer, hit the ball hard and served a smash again!
	Angelia bent her knees slightly and looked at volleyball with her bright eyes and all attention.
	She jumped up.
	Hands up!
	Hit!
	Bang!
	The sound of hand colliding with volleyball was powerful!
	The ball flew to Doris again after bouncing!
	All eyes widened slightly.
	From what they just saw, Angelia should know nothing about volleyball.
	But just a few minutes later, she caught Doris’s strongest smash!
	Doris didn’t expect Angelia could catch her smash.
	When the ball came to her eyes, she finally reflected and quickly reached out to block it.
	But it was too late!
	The volleyball hit Doris!
	Bang!
	The huge momentum made her back up two steps. She fell to the ground with an embarrassed look.
	The volleyball flew to the other side, jumped on the ground several times and rolled to the corner.
	Angelia’s palm was red because of hitting volleyball. Several parts of her body were hurt and ached.
	But her eyes were more determined.
	Sweat rolled down from her forehead.
	She pursed her mouth tightly.
	“You can’t win every time.”
	At dusk.
	Angelia walked softly through the living room.
	Although she had cleaned before she came back, the stains on her clothes and her red swollen hands still made her look very embarrassed.
	“Stop!”
	The cold voice came from the sofa.
	Angelia stopped and turned to see Jonathan who was sitting in the living room.
	The light was dim, and his strongly marked features were hidden in the dark, which was obscure.
	“Mr. Miller.”
	Angelia lowered her head and dared not look at him.
	“Come here.”
	Angelia had to go at his command.
	Jonathan looked her up and down. His eyes stopped at the stains on her body for a moment.
	“Do you go to school or to fight?”
	Angelia wiped the sweat on her forehead.
	“I played volleyball with them.”
	Her raising hands revealed the redness of her palms.
	Jonathan narrowed his eyes slightly.
	“What’s the matter with your hands?”
	Angelia went blank and hurriedly hid her hand behind her.
	“I fell to the ground…by accident.”
	Jonathan’s eyes were sharp, which made Angelia’s forehead sweat again.
	He lifted thin lips.
	“Stupid.”
	Angelia was scared and her head was lower.
	“I want to take a bath...”
	After she left, Jonathan took his eyes back.
	He took out his cell phone and dialed a number.
	“What did she do today?”
	“The Browns?”
	The corner of Jonathan’s mouth was slightly raised, but there was no smile in his eyes, only the chilling light!
	“Since there are so many family businesses in the market, it’s time to clean them up.”
	He hung up the phone and fingered it.
	Thinking of the way Angelia laid just now, he gave a cold snort.
	‘It’s so stupid.’
	‘She was flamboyant and arrogant abroad before. How can she be bullied after coming back?’
	Angelia changed her clothes in the room and the door was knocked.
	The steward stood at the door, holding a jar of spray.
	“This is what Mr. Miller ordered.”
	Angelia took it over and looked. It was for the treatment of swelling and pain.
	“From Mr. Miller?”
	The steward nodded his head.
	After closing the door, Angelia sprayed the injured part of her body, and then went to the restaurant.
	As usual, Jonathan was not in the restaurant. When she sat down, she instantly found that her cutlery had been changed into a spoon.
	Is that what Jonathan ordered?
	Angelia took it up and looked at it with a smile.
	For several days in a row, the cutlery at home was changed into spoons.
	The cook may have received some orders that the food was very bland and can be eaten with a spoon.
	After a few days, all her injuries were cured.
	I don’t know if the cook has received any orders, and the food is very light every day, which can be eaten with a spoon.
	After a few days, all her injuries were cured.
	It was strange that Doris and the other girls, who always came to her for trouble, also settle down, didn’t have any actions.
	Even if they saw her from afar, they ran away quickly.
	The girl sitting in front quietly told Angelia that the Browns’ industry had been suppressed, and even the vice president Becker had been suspended.
	“It’s said that the Millers launched the fight. The whole Browns was about to fall.”
	She said while observing Angelia’s expression. Obviously she was doubting whether it was related to her.
	As they all know, Doris and several girls fixed Angelia under the excuse of playing volleyball the other day.
	All of these people’s family got trouble in less than two days later. Nobody would trust her if she said it was none of her business.
	“Do you think it was Mr. Miller who avenged for you?”
	“I don’t know.”
	Angelia smiled and focused on the textbook again.
	After class in the evening, when Angelia walked out of the classroom, she saw a group of people gathered in front of her.
	Angelia bypassed them and looked at them curiously.
	She saw Michael Miller standing in the center of the crowd.
	Michael saw her, beckoned and raised his feet to come over.
	“When I go back to school, I guess I’ll meet you. And now I’ve really met you.”
	There was a bright smile on his face. “How is it going? Do you get used to the school?”
	Several people in suits also came over.
	Michael took Angelia and said to them, “I’d like to introduce for you. This is Claudia Hunk.”
	They nodded together.
	“I knew. I’ve heard a lot about her.”
	Angelia nodded and said, “Michael, why are you here?”
	“I used to be a student of Phillips College. I just graduated.”
	Michael was twenty-two years old. He should be a graduated.
	Angelia didn’t think about that Michael should be in Phillips since he is the child of the Millers.
Chapter 48 An Acquaintance from Orphanage
	Michael put his hand on Angelia’s shoulder.
	“I know Phillips very well. If you have any difficulties, you can ask me for help.”
	Angelia couldn’t help laughing with him.
	“Well, I don’t have any difficulties, and the school is very good.”
	“OK, if you have any problems, please let me know. I have something to do now, so I can’t send you back. “
	“Never mind. Mr. Steward will pick me up.”
	Michael nodded and left with a group of people.
	Angelia looked at his back.
	Michael was totally different from Jonathan. He was a warm and gentle person, so there were many people willing to follow him.
	“Mr. Miller is so brilliant. I heard that he had entered their family business just after graduation. And now he has a big project to follow up!”
	“Yes, the suburban area has been said to be developed for a long time. With the Millers and the Hunks’ cooperation, the project will surely be completed soon. My father said he would go to have a look several days before.”
	Angelia turned around in shock when she heard this. She grabbed the speaker.
	“What did you just say? Where is the suburb? “
	The speaker was startled.
	“The Millers and the Hunks’ cooperation… Don’t you know that?”
	Angelia shook her head and hastened to asked, “Is there an orphanage?”
	“Maybe yes...”
	Angelia’s face changed.
	“Impossible, he promised me...”
	She turned pale and ran out in a hurry.
	Jonathan’s car stopped at the gate, and the steward stood upright.
	Angelia turned around and sneaked away from another side. She ran to the orphanage.
	Sunshine Orphanage was in the western suburb. It was demolished and built half a month ago.
	The surrounding buildings had been razed to flat ground, leaving only soil and ruins.
	Among the ruins, there was an old two-story house in the center.
	There was a sign on the wall at the door with five words on it —— Sunshine Orphanage.
	The gate was closed, and a gust of wind blew through it, bringing a dust and bleakness.
	Angelia went forward and knocked on the door. After a while, the door opened quietly.
	A little face poked out.
	At the sight of Angelia outside the door, her eyes suddenly brightened!
	“Angelia!”
	She quickly opened the door, sprang forward, and directly hugged Angelia’s thigh.
	Angelia picked her up and saw several locks added at the back of the gate.
	“Bubble, what happened here? Why is the door locked? “
	“It’s said by Aunt Dean that we can’t allow bad people to get into our house.”
	Angelia frowned.
	This land belonged to Mrs. Percy. When Angelia arrived here, it was not an orphanage.
	At first, Mrs. Percy only adopted a few homeless orphans. Later, the number of children increased, thereby they applied for the establishment of the private orphanage.
	Some time ago, Miller’s family wanted to build high-end villas in this area and bought the land nearby. Only Mrs. Percy refused to leave.
	Randall Hunk sent people to steal the property certificate and land use certificate of the orphanage.
	When Angelia left the orphanage, Mrs. Percy was blaming herself and worrying about the whereabouts of the orphans.
	But Randall Hunk promised her that he would remain the orphanage as long as she stayed at Miller’s house instead of Claudia Hunk.
	Bubble cradled Angelia’s neck in a state of confusion.
	“Angelia, they say I can’t live here anymore, can I?”
	Angelia touched her red face.
	“Of course you can. I am here.”
	Walking into the dean’s office, Angelia saw Mrs. Percy working on the desk, wearing a pair of presbyopia glasses. Her movements were slow, but she was very focused.
	“Mrs. Percy.”
	The dean looked up.
	“Angelia?”
	“Where did you go? Days went past without any trace of you. I thought something happened to you.”
	Mrs. Percy came over and reached for Angelia.
	“I made a friend and lived in his house these days.”
	Mrs. Percy sighed after listening, and sat down on the chair at the door slowly.
	“It’s better to move out. I don’t think this orphanage can be kept.”
	She looked sadly at the children playing outside, her eyes wet.
	She set up the orphanage on her own.
	From one child to more than 40 children now, her hard work in more than ten years has raised so many children.
	Angelia had witnessed the best moment of the orphanage, but soon there would be destroyed into ruins.
	She squatted down beside the dean and took her hand.
	“No. Mrs. Percy, I will definitely keep the orphanage.”
	“Angelia...”
	Angelia nodded firmly.
	“Believe me!”
	Leaving from Sunshine Orphanage, Angelia was more determined.
	‘It is getting late. What will happen if Mr. Steward were unable to took her home?’
	‘And how will Jonathan…’
	Angelia went back step by step.
	Just having walked for a while, she saw a red sports car driving to her, slowly stopped in front of her.
	“Hello, excuse me, is Sunshine Orphanage in this direction?”
	Angelia looked up. A beautiful face came into her eyes.
	The symmetrical eyebrows were like elaborately decorated. A pair of brown eyes was dyed with the sunset color, which looked deep and gentle.
	A small mole in the corner of his right eye made him charming and unique.
	His sight could have countless girls fall in love with him.
	Especially the glamor in his eyes made him full of grace.
	Angelia had seen this face countless times from magazines and posters.
	Echo Bello?
	Angelia was a little shocked. Everyone knew that Echo was an orphan.
	However, only Angelia knew that Echo used to be in Sunshine Orphanage for a while.
	She took back her eyes.
	“Go along this road to the end, turn left, that’s Sunshine Orphanage.”
	“Thank you. I haven’t been here for a long time.”
	With that, Echo didn’t leave. He looked Angelia up and down.
	“Did we know each other before?”
	Angelia quickly shook her head to avoid his sight.
	“No, you may mistake me for somebody else.”
	Without waiting for him to ask again, she hastened to walk forward.
	Echo looked at Angelia’s back, staring at her for a moment. Then he turned on his mobile phone and found a photo.
	In the photo, a boy and a girl was standing in front of the camera, smiling brightly.
	There was a mole at the corner of the boy’s right eye. His smile was gentle. And the girl’s appearance was similar to Angelia.
	Suddenly, there was a rumble of thunder.
	For just a few minutes, the sky was overcast and heavy rain poured down.
	Angelia was standing at a bus stop. The rain flowed down the roof.
	It was getting dark very quickly. As soon as the heavy rain fell, the street lights came on.
	The whole city was covered with a veil. And there was an elegant sad girl.
	It was getting late, but the rain still kept falling.
	Her cell phone had been lost for a long time, and she couldn’t buy a new one when staying at Miller’s house. Now she couldn’t contact Jonathan and the steward at all.
	At this moment, a black car came from a distance and stopped slowly in front of the bus stop.
Chapter 49 You Have Learnt to Run Away from home
	It was rush hour when it was raining hard.
	Many people were stranded at the bus station, waiting for the rain to ease off.
	The black car, even in the dark, could hardly hide its brilliance, drawing many people’s attention at the first time.
	Angelia glanced up and thought the car was familiar.
	She seemed to have seen the same type of car appear at Jonathan’s house.
	The rain was thick. And there were too many cars in his house.
	Never had a car appeared in front of her more than once.
	Angelia gave a glance at the car. She was not sure that she would happen to meet him here. So she looked away,
	The people around talked about the luxury car in the dark in a low voice.
	“This is the latest Bentley, isn’t it?”
	“Yes, yes, it’s really stunning. I saw it on the Internet before. It’s worth five million dollars!”
	“Look! Someone get off! Wow...”
	“He was so handsome...”
	“He is coming over! Oh my god! It’s not for me, is it? “
	Angelia listened to the screams of the people nearby, and moved her eyes back naturally.
	A tall, handsome man with beautiful features had come to her side. He didn’t hold an umbrella. The raindrops fell on his black suit, reflecting the light.
	The scene was beautiful as a picture just now, but was destroyed by the man’s ferocious and even and a little murderous expression.
	He coming towards Angelia, and his eyes were fixed on her, making Angelia have an impulse to turn around and run away.
	“Are you stupid?”
	His words were like a thunderclap, which made the surroundings become quiet,
	There was only the ticking rain left.
	Angelia hadn’t responded yet. She didn’t know if she should be happy first because she could go back without suffering from heavy rain, or she should worry about being caught “running away from home”.
	Jonathan’s eyes seemed to be able to kill people.
	“You learned nothing but to run away from home? Good job!”
	“Sorry...”
	“Do you know how long I…steward has been looking for you? “
	Jonathan’s face was still very dark.
	When he received a call from the steward saying that Angelia was missing, he could calmly ask the steward to send people to look for her.
	But after dark, she was still missing.
	He could stand it no longer.
	Under the pretext of returning home from the company, he asked the driver to drive around the city.
	‘God knows why he did it!’
	‘It’s better that this woman disappear!’
	Although he thought like that, he always refused uncontrollably when the driver asked if he wanted to go back home. And he told the driver to keep driving around.
	When he decided whether to look for her outside the suburbs, he saw this stupid woman standing at the bus stop, staring at the rain!
	‘Damn!’
	‘She’s in a daze here while everyone is looking for her?’
	Angelia took a look at the car. As expected, the steward was standing by the car with an umbrella.
	It rained heavily. Jonathan’s hair was already wet after he walked from the car. Angelia felt guilty.
	She hurriedly pulled Jonathan’s clothes and stepped back to let him hide under the eaves.
	“I just have something urgent to do. Are you worrying about me?”
	Angelia looked up at him carefully.
	“Have you been looking for me for a long time?”
	‘It’s eight o’clock in the evening. Jonathan was off work at six o’clock. Have he been looking for me for two hours?’
	Hearing this, Jonathan’s face was even darker.
	“I’m just passing by from work!”
	Angelia immediately cast a puzzled look.
	“But here is the west of the city. I remember your company is in the east...”
	Before finishing, Jonathan stared at her, so Angelia stopped wisely.
	“I’m just afraid if you’ll die somewhere. By that time, it’s difficult to explain to your family.” Jonathan snorted coldly.
	“Oh...”
	The two were speechless.
	The noisy bus stop was silent from just now.
	Angelia looked back and saw all people staring at Jonathan, stupefied.
	He was a tall man with slender limbs. His hair was slightly wet and a few strands hanging down on his full forehead.
	The black suit fit his body and made him look handsome as model in magazine pictorials.
	He looked impatient, frowning tightly, as if everything couldn’t satisfy him. His eyes were cold, but having attracted everyone’s attention.
	Noticing those glances beside him, Jonathan was more annoyed. His cold eyes swept over the crowd, making everyone look down in fear.
	He beckoned to the steward, who came quickly with his umbrella.
	Leaving a group of people at the bus station, Jonathan got on his car with an umbrella.
	Angelia followed him, walking with the steward.
	“Sorry to have worried you.”
	The steward’s changed his usual airtight attitude. His tone was serious.
	“Miss Hunk has made Mr. Miller worried.”
	Angelia looked up at Jonathan’s back.
	Something occurred to her that the development zone of the orphanage was jointly developed by the Hunks and the Millers.
	‘Could Jonathan help me?’
	‘No.’
	She remembered clearly that Jonathan refused to join in the project when Michael asked him in the family dinner.
	Angelia frowned. She didn’t know how to solve it at this time.
	Anyway, she should get a chance to meet Randall Hunk again.
	That person broke his promise and lied to her!
	Jonathan got on the car, leaning back slightly with his long legs overlapping.
	There was strong pressure hiding in the casualty.
	“Explain it.”
	Angelia’s eyes fell on the back of her hands. She held her knees in both hands to sit in a proper manner.
	“I just suddenly want to go home.”
	“Go home?”
	Jonathan asked in reply. “Deliberately avoiding the driver and the steward, just want to go home?”
	“Yes...”
	“Go back to tell your family that you are bullied?”
	“No!”
	“I haven’t seen them for a long time,” she explained.
	“Since it’s just going home, why don’t you call us?”
	“I don’t have a mobile phone...”
	Jonathan frowned, gave her a surprised look in a moment and took it back instantly.
	It was very quiet in the car. The car didn’t stop until it went back to the gate of Jonathan’s huge castle.
	Angelia got out of the car, seeing Jonathan walking in without looking back. She guessed he might be angry.
	The next morning, when Angelia just got up and was planning how to go to Hunk’s house, Jonathan opened his mouth.
	“Don’t go anywhere after school today. We will go to your home.”
	Leaving a word, he turned around and left.
	Angelia was stunned for a while and then hastened to follow him. But Jonathan had gone and the steward was standing by the car waiting for her.
	As soon as she got to the car, he took out a white box with a beige ribbon on it. It was exquisite and luxurious.
	“This is from Mr. Miller.”
	Angelia took it and opened it.
	A pearl white mobile phone came into her view.
Chapter 50 Face to Face Questioning
	Angelia turned on her mobile phone and saw that the phone number of the steward, the driver and the house had been recorded in the address book.
	“What’s Mr. Miller’s number?”
	She raised her head and asked.
	The steward looked at her for a while. When she thought he would not say it, he suddenly took her phone and typed a string of numbers.
	“He is very busy.” The steward said with deeper meaning.
	Angelia glanced at the address book. With movements of her finger, she still sent a message to him.
	The city just woke up at seven in the morning.
	Jonathan had sat in the top-floor office of M.I. Conglomerate.
	As the chairman of the business, holding more than 80% of the shares, Jonathan could be called the absolute leader of M.I. Conglomerate.
	Even so, he was still the first group of people to come to his company, and his schedule was full every day.
	Truman methodically reported that day’s itinerary, holding the schedule in his hand.
	“The advertisement of the new product has been finished. I have sent the sample to your email. The new mall...”
	Ding-Dong.
	In the quiet office, his cell phone rang abruptly, interrupting Truman’s words.
	Jonathan looked up at him with a cold look.
	Truman took his phone in his pocket, but found that his mobile phone didn’t ring at all.
	He looked at Jonathan and hesitated to say.
	“Mr. Miller, it was not my cell phone...”
	The company clearly provided that mobile phones must be put on silent mode while at work.
	Although this rule didn’t apply to Jonathan, it’s the first time Truman saw Jonathan make such a “mistake”, which made him immediately curious.
	‘Who is it?’
	He filtered a list through his mind, but couldn’t find the right person.
	Jonathan frowned slightly, obviously dissatisfied with the person who sent message untimely.
	He turned on his cell phone and glanced.
	This was a message from a strange number, and the content was very simple.
	——Thank you.
	Jonathan frowned slightly and figured out who the person was in his mind.
	But he didn’t respond, just put the phone away.
	“Continue.”
	‘That’s it?’
	Truman looked at him in surprise.
	‘Don’t you scold that person?’
	‘That’s it?’
	He gaped as if he had swallowed a fly.
	After a few seconds, he finally began to report the itinerary.
	“This evening, Mr. Li from the shipping company invited you to have dinner.”
	“Refuse it.” Jonathan suddenly spoke.
	He added, “When will Claudia Hunk’s class end today?”
	Truman’s eyes widened again and he was stunned for two seconds before he opened Angelia’s curriculum.
	“Five.”
	“Clear my schedule after five.”
	“…Ok.”
	Jonathan quickly signed the qualified contracts and threw them aside.
	Noticing Truman hadn’t gone, he looked up.
	“Are there something else?”
	Truman shook his head and ran out of the chairman’s office.
	But he got more and more curious about who sent the message just now.
	In the afternoon, Angelia came out of school.
	As soon as she opened the door, she saw Jonathan sitting inside.
	She sat up and asked curiously.
	“Do we go back my home directly?”
	Jonathan was scanning the materials in his hand.
	“Yes.”
	Angelia nodded and sat in a proper manner.
	Hunk’s house was located in the rich area. Angelia had been here several times, but she really got in only once.
	Different from Jonathan’s house, Hunk’s style was more oriental style.
	When entering from the gate, there is a relief screen, antique.
	Going through the garden full of flowers and plants, there was an open living room.
	Back here again, Angelia got nervous at once.
	She was filled with rage when she thought that everything was beginning from here.
	More importantly, she still had to deal with Randall Hunk!
	If she had not overheard the news, she would never know until the orphanage was bulldozed.
	Angelia clenched her fist secretly.
	If Randall Hunk didn’t want to stop this project, she would reveal all of the secrets on the spot!
	When she was thinking, a clear voice came from the inner room.
	“Jonathan, why don’t you tell me you will come in advance? We should be ready for it.”
	Before the man arrived, his voice came first.
	Looking up, Angelia saw Randall Hunk smiling and Daphne Hunk coming from behind.
	“It’s my wife who wants to see you.”
	Randall Hunk heard Jonathan’s words and turned to look over.
	Angelia nodded. Her face was serious.
	“I have something to talk to you alone.”
	Randall Hunk’s fox-like eyes flashed a dark light, and he immediately laughed.
	“It seems that Claudia has not grown up. You are already married. That’s not proper. Jonathan will laugh at you.”
	Angelia pursed her lips, without any joking look.
	“Come here, let’s go to the back and have a chat,” said Randall Hunk.
	With that, he nodded to Jonathan and walked back.
	Angelia’s face was heavy. As soon as she left the living room, she stopped.
	“I went to Sunshine Orphanage yesterday.”
	When Randall heard it, he knew what was going on. He turned to Angelia calmly.
	Angelia continued:, “You promised me that you would remain the orphanage!”
	“Didn’t I?”
	Randall Hunk took a step forward with the help of crutches, and the smile on his face disappeared instantly.
	He narrowed his eyes slightly, with a strong menace.
	Angelia frowned.
	“But...”
	Randall Hunk snorted coldly.
	“You should have seen that the surrounding buildings have been demolished, and only the orphanage is still there. Have I remained it?”
	“I tell you, I didn’t touch a brick or a tile of it.”
	“Then why is the gate of the orphanage locked with many locks and the dean said that you would tear down the house at any time?”
	Angelia got angry and raised her voice slightly.
	But Randall Hunk didn’t panic at all. He had already figured out a solution.
	“Who knows what they are thinking? The fact is, I did not dismantle the orphanage! Is that why you put on a bad face?”
	“I warn you, if Jonathan finds out anything from you, I will order them to tear down that dilapidated house in no time!”
	He glanced at Angelia and saw her hands trembling with anger. His voice suddenly softened.
	“These are all our agreements. I, Randall Hunk, will never break my promise. I hope you can do the same as me.”
	“I will.”
	Angelia told herself that she must bear it for the sake of the orphanage. “But when will you find Claudia Hunk?”
	“In a few days.” Randall Hunk said ambiguously, “There is already some news.”
	“If you find Claudia Hunk, how can we exchange?”
	She had worried about it before.
	She and Claudia Hunk were not like each other at all. How can they exchange while not being found by Jonathan?
	Out of her expect, Randall was not worried at all.
	“It’s not the thing you need to worry about. We have solutions to solve that.”
Chapter 51 Come Up!
	Neither Randall Hunk nor Daphne Hunk knew Jonathan would come, so it took their some time to prepare dinner.
	Angelia went out for an excuse and followed the route in memory to Claudia’s room.
	She looked at the furnishings in the room and recalled that day.
	Someone knocked her out when she was hiding in the room.
	But before she fainted completely, she heard two people talking. The woman in them might be Claudia.
	In order to escape from marriage, she beat Angelia unconscious, who entered by accident, and sent her to the wedding car.
	Were there some clues of Claudia?
	Only when Claudia comes back as soon as possible can she get rid of the predicament and their orphanage can remain there.
	Angelia opened drawers and started to search carefully.
	According to Randall Hunk, Claudia came back for the first time after she was eight years old. No wonder her bedroom was empty and everything was new.
	No clues here.
	Frowning, she tentatively opened the laptop on the desk.
	As soon as it was opened, Angelia’s eyes brightened and she quickly opened the browsing records on the Internet.
	Since last month, Claudia has bought tickets to return home.
	But then there was no other information.
	Did Claudia really buy a ticket to leave?
	Staring at the glowing screen, she took a glance at the “cloud storage”. A bright idea flashed in her mind.
	She hastened to click the icon.
	A dialog box popped up on the screen, which required her to enter password.
	Angelia frowned and managed to type in Claudia’s birthday.
	“What are you doing?” A voice suddenly came from the door.
	Angelia’s heart suddenly contracted. She quickly raised her head and saw Jonathan standing at the door.
	Angelia’s face turned pale for a moment.
	“I just take a look.”
	Jonathan’s glance came to rest on her face for a while. Then he raised his feet to walk in.
	“How strange that you just hide yourself in your bedroom when you finally go back home.”
	“I’ll go after grabbing my things.”
	She quietly glanced at the computer, her movement stopping at that moment.
	It’s on!
	The record was slowly loaded out.
	Angelia was so nervous that her palms sweated.
	Jonathan had walked up to her.
	“Why are you nervous?”
	“No, I am not nervous...”
	Angelia turned around with the laptop to evade Jonathan’s glance.
	“I just don’t get used to it.”
	Jonathan chuckled, making her unable to distinguish whether he was satirizing or responding.
	Angelia kept glancing at the monitor from the corner of her eyes, with no time to analyze his chuckling.
	Just then, Daphne Hunk walked into the room.
	“It’s time to have dinner.”
	Her eyes fluttering, she saw Angelia sitting on Claudia’s bed. A trace of dissatisfaction flitted through her eyes.
	“Claudia, what are you doing? You are supposed to show Jonathan around instead of staying at your bedroom.”
	Angelia nodded and still didn’t move.
	The cloud records had finished loading.
	She noticed that Claudia had used the computer on the next day of running away from her marriage.
	However, both Jonathan and Daphne were here. How could she mark it down?
	“Ok, you should go first. I’ll be here in a minute.”
	Daphne looked at her suspiciously, but seeing Jonathan, she had no choice but to agree with a smile.
	As soon as she left, Jonathan stood up.
	“What do you want to take? Hurry up.”
	Angelia took a bear arbitrarily from the bed.
	“This. Ok, let’s go”
	When Jonathan turned around to walk outside, Angelia quickly turned on her mobile phone and quickly took a picture of the record on the screen and turned off the computer.
	Then she walked quickly to follow Jonathan.
	It was late to have dinner. By the time they left from Hunk’s house, it was nine o’clock.
	The sky had been dark.
	Angelia got on the back seat as usual.
	Before she could sit still, Jonathan’s voice came from the driver’s seat.
	“You think I’m a driver?”
	Angelia looked up and saw Jonathan looking at her from the rearview mirror.
	“Where are Mr. Steward and the driver?”
	“I told them to go back first.” Jonathan said coldly.
	Angelia had to get off the car and sat on the passenger seat, but she kept thinking about the cloud record.
	It seemed that Claudia bought a ticket to some place, but she didn’t see the part clearly.
	Noticing her silence, Jonathan turned cold and also didn’t say anything.
	Black sports car ran in the night sky, slowly out of the city.
	Jonathan’s great kingdom was located on a mountain in the suburb. The desolate surroundings formed a great contrast with this castle.
	It took ten minutes to drive from the foot of the mountain to the front of the gate.
	There was no sound in the car.
	Angelia focused on the clues she found. Jonathan’s face was bleak and cold.
	The sports car didn’t make a sound at all. But when it started to climb the mountain, it suddenly roared!
	The car shook violently!
	Angelia quickly raised her head and held the handrail nearby.
	“What happened?”
	The chassis of the sports car made a huge noise of friction. Even the car shook violently.
	Jonathan controlled the steering wheel, frowning tightly, and finally stabilized the car.
	With a crack, the car stalled.
	The car was stuck in the half of the way.
	Jonathan opened the door with a dark face, and came out to check his car. There were some big stones on the ground that he had just driven by, which might have fallen from the mountain.
	The stones scraped on the chassis of the sports car, which led to the flameout.
	Now the car couldn’t be started at all.
	Angelia looked around.
	There were lights on both sides of the road, but no one was there. The long ramp extended upward, even a house couldn’t be seen.
	What’s more, this road was all under Jonathan’s name. Except for his car, no one else could come up.
	It was totally impossible to hitchhike.
	“What should we do?”
	Jonathan’s face was sullen and dark.
	The hard features were sharp in the light.
	“Walk.”
	With that, he turned and walked up.
	Angelia looked up at the end of the path which could hardly be seen.
	‘Really?’
	She looked down at her high heels and struggled to keep up with Jonathan.
	It was so hard to get up the mountain.
	After walking for a while, she took off her heels directly.
	“Or shall we call the driver down?”
	“Don’t talk nonsense.”
	Jonathan snorted coldly, turned his head and saw Angelia’s embarrassed look. He frowned.
	She had taken off her high heels and stepped on the ground with bare feet. Her white toes were in sharp contrast with the road, which set them off to being more fair and tender.
	There were several blisters on her feet. The soles of her feet became red because of the roughness of the ground.
	Jonathan forced his eyes back and turned his head coldly.
	“Let’s go.”
	Angelia nodded and quickly followed.
	After several steps, there had been more stones on the ground.
	Angelia frowned, pursed her lips tightly, and managed to avoid those stones, but she was still hurt by the stabbing.
	As this sound came the second time, Jonathan’s steps suddenly stopped.
	He turned around with a dark face, as if he took off his coat very reluctantly and threw it directly on Angelia.
	“Take it!”
	He turned his back to her and squatted down.
	“Come up!”
Chapter 52 I Have Told You Not to Move!
	Angelia pulled down the suit coat covering her face and saw Jonathan squatting in front of her.
	She moved her legs a little.
	“I can walk on my own.”
	Jonathan frowned.
	‘This woman was totally a big trouble!’
	‘Since her feet had been all red, it’s not necessary for her to play a strong role.’
	“Do you really want to walk back by yourself?”
	Angelia nodded.
	“Yes.”
	“No, you don’t.”
	Jonathan angrily interrupted her. “Give you three seconds, come up! Three, two…”
	Just to finish counting, Angelia hurriedly got on his back.
	“OK...”
	It seemed that his back was lightly covered with soft feathers.
	Jonathan’s body gave a slight pause and stood up easily with her on his back.
	Just as he just felt, the person on his back were light, as if she had no weight at all.
	‘Claudia’ was not short, and even her face still had some baby fat. How could she be so light?
	He walked up easily while carrying her.
	Angelia was afraid that Jonathan would dump her here because she was heavy.
	She put Jonathan’s coat on her hand and felt something touching her arm.
	She took it out. It was Jonathan’s mobile phone.
	It was the same style as hers.
	Angelia pressed the button, and found that the battery of his phone had run out. It turned off automatically.
	No wonder that Jonathan didn’t call the driver just now.
	Angelia put away his phone and held his shoulder.
	It was a long way to go up the mountain. The surroundings were quiet and there are a few cicadas chirping occasionally.
	Jonathan walked step by step, without saying a word. Even his breathing sound was very weak.
	The streetlights drew their shadows long and followed them up slowly.
	The ten minute drive cost their half of an hour to walk.
	As soon as she saw the gate, Angelia struggled to get down.
	“I can go on my own. Put me down.”
	“Don’t move!”
	Jonathan tightly clasped her legs and walked inside with great strides.
	Angelia thought the situation must be seen by the steward and other people.
	So she patted his shoulder again.
	“I’ll go myself.”
	Jonathan’s hands closed.
	He slapped on Angelia’s ass.
	“I have told you not to move!”
	Angelia had not been in the state of not moving. She was frozen.
	Jonathan slapped her very lightly and didn’t hurt at all, but the chain effect made she blush gradually.
	If Jonathan looked back now, he could find that Angelia’s face was as red as an apple.
	In a moment, Jonathan had stepped into the house.
	The steward was preparing for the next day’s work in the living room. When he saw them, the expression on the 60 year-old man’s face was super surprised like swallowing several flies.
	“Mr. Miller...”
	He came over anxiously, worried about what had happened, especially when Angelia buried her face between her arms, motionless.
	There was even another conjecture popping into the old housekeeper’s mind, like Jonathan couldn’t tolerate Claudia anymore and he finally killed her.
	He came quickly. As an excellent housekeeper, more than ten ways to deal with the body had occurred in his mind at that time!
	Jonathan walked upstairs with Angelia in his arms.
	“Get someone to handle the car on the road.”
	“What?”
	His steward was stunned.
	‘Don’t you need to deal with the body?’
	He took a quick glance, seeing Angelia’s feet move, then he came back to the reality.
	His face quickly regained its former composure.
	“Yes, my lord.”
	Angelia dared not move for fear that Jonathan would slap her ass again.
	This kind of shame was greater than the punishment of pain, which kept her on the anxious seat.
	Finally, Jonathan put her down in the bedroom.
	Angelia’s face was still hot with slightly red, like the color of red clouds in the sky.
	Jonathan’s eyes kept staying on her face. He suddenly reached out and took the high heels in her hand.
	Angelia looked at him puzzled.
	“They are rubbish.”
	He directly raised his hand and threw it. This pair of shoes with nude lace fell into the garbage can in a parabolic curve.
	Angelia couldn’t help widening her eyes.
	“I’ve just worn it once...”
	If anyone knew that Jonathan threw a pair of high heels which was limited edition and only worn once, how would they feel?
	Jonathan had no regrets. He stood up and took a very tough attitude.
	“I’ll have them change the shoes in the cloakroom. If you can’t wear it, don’t wear it.”
	It was a very cold and domineering order, but it made Angelia’s heart beat more quickly.
	Finish saying, Jonathan took his coat, turned around and walked out.
	Angelia sat for a while, and then quickly took out her mobile phone.
	There were only two photos taken today in the album.
	She enlarged the picture by two fingers and saw the above record clearly.
	On the day after Angelia got married, Claudia had ever browsed the tickets to S city and opened the purchase page.
	But there was still no other any information.
	Angelia frowned. Even if she knew that she had gone to S city, how can she find her in such a big city?
	The next day, Angelia kept waiting for Jonathan after she finished school, but he didn’t come back until it was dark.
	The steward stood straight at the door and waited.
	“Mr. Miller is supposed to be back very late today, because he put off some work yesterday.”
	Not all directors were as leisurely as Angelia’s imagination. Just judging from these days, Jonathan was more hard-working than most people.
	It was the pains what he took dozens of times than that of others that gave birth to M.I. Group. Obviously, no one was qualified to get such fortune.
	When the hour hand had pointed to eleven, Jonathan hadn’t come back.
	Angelia had a class next morning, so she were about to go to her bedroom. When she was walking upstairs, a shaft of bright light pierced the curtain of night and a car parked at the door.
	“Mr. Miller is back.”
	The steward’s face brightened and went out.
	Angelia went down to follow him.
	As soon as the door opened, a strong smell of wine came.
	Jonathan didn’t seem to have any expression. He walked out steadily as if he was not getting drunk.
	But his steward was very worried.
	“Sir.”
	Jonathan’s eyes were very clear. He waved away from the steward’s action of assistance, and looked at Angelia’s face for a while.
	“Yes?”
	Angelia shook her head.
	Then Jonathan didn’t speak any more and went straight inside.
	The steward stood worried and sighed.
	Angelia was puzzled.
	“Mr. Steward, don’t worry. Mr. Miller didn’t seem to be drunk.”
	The steward shook his head slightly.
	“He always didn’t show it when he is drunk.”
	With that, he ran after Jonathan.
	When they arrived at the room, Jonathan was lying on the bed already.
	He fell asleep in his clothes and shoes.
	The steward stood at the door. He found that there was only Angelia beside him, so he said, “Miss Hunk, please take care of Mr. Miller for a while. I’m going to send someone to prepare hot water.”
	“Ok.”
Chapter 53 My Name Is Angela
	Angelia came into Jonathan’s bedroom and stood beside his bed as soon as the housekeeper left.
	Jonathan was frowning. His clothes might make him uncomfortable. He pulled his tie unconsciously.
	Noticing his movements, Angelia hurriedly walked over, untied his tie and took off his shoes.
	Just as he was about to take off his coat, Jonathan suddenly opened his eyes and concentrated his eyes on her face.
	“Mr. Miller?”
	Jonathan blinked and suddenly reached out to hold Angelia’s waist. He turned over and made his body pressed up against her.
	“Claudia?”
	His face was close to her, slightly frowned, discontented and angry.
	“Is it you?”
	He clasped Angelia’s waist tightly with both arms.
	“You’re drunk.”
	Angelia struggled, but couldn’t run away from this trap.
	Jonathan tangled her waist with more strength. His eyes slightly squinted and kept staring at her.
	Angelia frowned.
	“Jonathan, you are drunk...”
	Before she finished, Jonathan suddenly lowered his head, sucked her lips and kissed her warmly.
	“Uh...”
	Although Angelia struggled violently, she couldn’t move because her chin was raised by him.
	Jonathan’s kiss was full of the smell of booze, which intoxicated Angelia at that time.
	She grasped Jonathan’s clothes in unconsciousness.
	Jonathan held her lips and stopped slowly.
	The light sparkled on water appeared in Angelia’s eyes, and her lips became red.
	“Claudia Hunk...”
	He frowned, and there was a trace of resistance and disgust in his deep eyes.
	“Why are you from the Hunks?”
	Angelia suddenly got nervous.
	She almost forgot that what Jonathan hated most was being manipulated. The Hunks and her present identity were no exception.
	Angelia turned her eyes away from him, thought about something for a long time, and finally made up her mind.
	“Jonathan, actually I......”
	She turned her head back, said slowly, “actually, I have another name. All of my best friends call me Angelia...”
	She looked at him hopefully.
	Unexpectedly, Jonathan was slightly shocked at first. Then his face sank quickly and turned serious.
	The pair of eyes was filled with rage.
	“Who told you?” Said Jonathan.
	He thrust Angelia away from himself. He was so angered that the eyes seemed about to pop out.
	Angelia got frightened by his sudden anger. She didn’t understand what was going on.
	Why was he outraged?
	“I’m asking you! Who told you that name? “
	Clenching his teeth, he pulled Angelia to himself.
	“How did you know that? Is Jennie Clinton, or Michael Miller? Did you give them benefits or make deals with them?”
	Angelia shook her head in fright.
	“I didn’t…They really call me... “
	“Shut up!”
	Jonathan suddenly raised his voice and interrupted her with a roar.
	His hard fist banged on the bed, making a loud sound.
	“You are not in the position to speak out the name!”
	He turned his head abruptly, his eyes as sharp as a bloody knife.
	“I tell you.”
	Jonathan grabbed Angelia’s face, and his tone was cruel. “You can’t even be her substitute!”
	“I’ll never, never fall in love with you!”
	He said, leaving Angelia behind, turned around and walked out.
	The steward just came up with a cup of tea for relieving alcoholism. He was almost knocked down by Jonathan, who was furious and went out.
	“Sir? Sir? Where are you going? “
	But Jonathan turned a deaf ear to his words and went out.
	The door slammed shut and there was a buzz in the air.
	Angelia came out of the room at this time, her eyes were dull.
	The steward hurriedly came to her.
	“Miss Hunk, didn’t you take care of sir? What’s wrong?”
	Angelia raised her head and the tears in her eyes immediately rolled down.
	“I don’t know...”
	The housekeeper looked at her in shock and did not ask any more.
	Angelia returned to the room and closed the door. Her tears ran out again.
	She didn’t know why Jonathan was so furious in an instant?
	But, in fact, she didn’t have a reason to feel wronged.
	When she promised to replace Claudia, she should think of all these situations.
	Since her identity was fakery, everything was fakery.
	What else could she hope for?
	Angelia wiped her tears and forced them back.
	Now her only purpose was to keep Sunshine Orphanage.
	She took out her mobile phone and looked at the pictures of Claudia’s browsing history.
	She can leave as long as Claudia came back.
	The next day, Angelia went out, but did not see Jonathan back.
	After three days in a row, Jonathan never appeared again.
	Angelia couldn’t help asking the steward.
	“Will Jonathan come back today?”
	The steward said faintly, “Mr. Miller slept in company these days.”
	Angelia turned on her mobile phone. There were only a few people in the address book, including Jonathan’s number.
	She clicked his number out, but did not know what to say, so she clicked the back button.
	The steward and the driver were ready. Angelia sighed and stood up.
	“Let’s go to school.”
	M.I. Group building was half an hour away from Angelia.
	Located in the most prosperous area of the city center, the 66-story building was owned by M.I. Group.
	When it was time to go to work, well-dressed elites began to shuttle between the floors and work busily.
	The division in the building was clear. The office of the chairman and CEO occupied the whole sixty-sixth floor.
	In the empty office, Jonathan, who had disappeared for several days, stood at the window, enjoying view of the whole city.
	Truman opened the door with some files. He calculated the time in his heart. It had been the fourth day.
	Everyone didn’t know what happened. Four days ago, Jonathan suddenly returned to the company and accommodated in the lounge next to his office.
	Irritable became he only in a few days. Almost all the staff in executive position had been scolded by him.
	There was uptight atmosphere everywhere.
	But fortunately, his staff found the information of that person, and finally they could be free from the pitiless eyes of Jonathan.
	Truman came in and put the files on the table.
	“Mr. Miller, I have found some information of that girl.”
	As expected, Jonathan turned around at once.
	“Where did you find it? How is she now?”
	He opened the files on the table while asking.
	Truman could understand his excitement. After all, he had been looking for this girl since he followed Jonathan.
	Truman felt good when he knew Jonathan could realize a significant wish.
	“Half a year ago, she left Sunshine Orphanage and began to work, but due to her low education, she met with obstacles everywhere.”
	“Recently our company is recruiting cleaners, and she was found in the candidate list.”
	Jonathan frowned.
	“Cleaner?”
	“Yes...”
	He checked the information on the desk. Jonathan was looking at the profile above.
	The image in his memory had begun to blur, which was difficult to overlap with the picture in front of him.
	“This is the only qualified person in Sunshine orphanage.” Truman said at this time. 
Chapter 54 New Hostess of M.I Group
	The person in the photos was very young. Her name, address and age were all right.
	It was really his “Angela”. But now her name was Felix.
	Jonathan had been looking for her for more than ten years, and now he had finally found her.
	“Where is she?”
	“Just outside the door.”
	“Let her in.” Jonathan said eagerly.
	“Yes.”
	Truman turned around and left the office. A moment later, a person dressed as a cleaner came in.
	Jonathan stood up, walked over excitedly and held her.
	“Felix, I finally found you!”
	…
	Angelia came back home. When she walked into the living room, she subconsciously looked inside.
	It had been a week since Jonathan disappeared.
	Although the steward said he lived in the company, Angelia still didn’t understand why on earth he was so angry that day.
	She looked around and Jonathan still didn’t come back, but there was a person sitting on the sofa.
	It was the first time she had seen a stranger come in since she came here.
	Angelia walked over curiously.
	“Hello, who are you looking for?”
	The woman back to her was leaning against the sofa and occupied half of it.
	She was in a red low-cut dress slit to the thigh, her chest and thighs exposed. The long hair dyed wine red was very conspicuous.
	Hearing Angelia’s voice, she put down her cup.
	“I’m not looking for anyone. From today on, I’m the hostess here...”
	She turned her head and saw Angelia. Her eyes widened in surprise.
	Angelia was shocked to see her.
	“Felix?”
	Although the person in front of her had dressed differently and wore a heavy makeup, Angelia still recognized, this person was Angela Felix who left Sunshine Orphanage half a year ago.
	“How could you be there?”
	Felix’s face changed and she sneered.
	“I should have asked you that question. Why are you here?”
	Angelia looked away. “It’s none of your business. Get out of here.”
	“Why should I go?”
	Felix’s legs overlapped, she crossed her legs and shook them slightly.
	“I’m the hostess of M.I. Group now. Why should I go? It’s you who should get out of here!”
	She had her arms round her chest and curled her mouth.
	“It seems that you still couldn’t alter the reality that you are just a cheap bitch. Get out of here! Otherwise I’ll command bodyguards to catch you later!”
	Angelia frowned. She was very puzzled by that Felix had taken this place as her home.
	“What do you mean by that? Why are you the hostess here? “
	“Literal meaning.”
	Felix drank all the tea and turned her head impatiently.
	“Why don’t you leave? Did you want to ask for some benefits hearing that Miller was attached to me?”
	She stood up, walked to Angelia while twisting her hips and smirked coldly.
	“Well, I didn’t expect you will ask for me today. If you kneel down and beg me, I might reward you some money.”
	Felix reached out to grab Angelia’s wrist. Her face turned ugly and ferocious.
	“Kneel down! I hate you, from a long time ago. Here is not the orphanage where had a dean to protect you!”
	Angelia struggled to get rid of her.
	“Angela, are you going mad?”
	“What are you doing?”
	A voice with anger suddenly sounded!
	Angelia turned her head and saw Jonathan, who hadn’t appeared in a week, standing at the door.
	Eyes filled with great anger, he strode to this side.
	Felix caught a glimpse of his coming. She fell on the sofa, and looked at Angelia in fear.
	“Why did you push me? If you think I don’t deserve to live here, I’ll go...”
	She stood up, covered her face and began to cry. Then she pretended to leave.
	Jonathan reached out to stop her.
	“You don’t have to go.”
	Felix leaned on his shoulder and looked at Angelia anxiously.
	“But...”
	“I said you can live here.”
	Felix finally nodded and stood behind Jonathan.
	Looking up, there was already no tear on her face. She smiled at Angelia in a smug satisfaction.
	Jonathan glared at Angelia coldly, making her heart frozen.
	“Claudia Hunk, even though you’re married, you can’t take charge of everything here. You are just a product I bought. Recognize your own identity!”
	Angelia pursed her lips and had no strength to speak.
	Felix heard how Jonathan called Angelia. She glanced at them in surprise and a dark idea struck her.
	She seemed to guess some secret already.
	She raised her hand and lightly patted Jonathan on the shoulder.
	“Forget it, Jonathan. Don’t be angry. I don’t think she did it on purpose.”
	Jonathan said to Angelia, “Why are you still standing here?”
	Angelia’s hand was put behind her. They were gradually clenching, and her fingertips stabbed into her palms. She could feel the stabbing pain clearly.
	“Mom asked us to go back home today. Dad’s 60th birthday is coming.”
	“I see.”
	Jonathan said coldly. “Is there anything else?”
	Angelia shook her head and turned around to walk upstairs.
	In the half of her way, she heard the laughter of Felix.
	Angelia turned her head and saw Felix leaning on him, playing with something on his suit.
	Jonathan wore a pampered smile with on his face, which Angelia had never seen before.
	Felix suddenly looked up at her.
	Angelia’s heart contracted instantly, because she and Felix grew up in the same orphanage. She knew her identity!
	And Felix liked bullying her since she was a child. Will she tell her secret to Jonathan?
	Angelia went upstairs worried, and her mind was in chaos.
	In the living room, Felix leaned on Jonathan’s arm, flipping a magazine and handed it to him.
	“The bag was so beautiful. It’s a perfect match with the dress I bought yesterday, isn’t it?”
	Jonathan didn’t take a glance.
	“I’ll have them deliver it tonight.”
	Felix smiled with satisfaction.
	Who would have thought so? Three days ago, she was still working as a cleaner in dirty uniform. Today she could easily buy a top-brand bag worth millions of dollars, though she didn’t know why Jonathan was so nice to her all of a sudden.
	But she must pounce on this golden opportunity!
	Felix was holding Jonathan’s arm.
	“It’s so kind of you, Jonathan.”
	Hearing how she called him, Jonathan frowned slightly.
	“What did you call me like that?”
	“Jonathan, what’s wrong?”
	Jonathan frowned, “I remember you used to call me Jon.”
	Felix rolled her eyes and laughed instantly.
	“But that was a long time before. Now we are all grown up and I should call you Jonathan.”
	She shook Jonathan’s arm and said softly, “If you like the name, I’ll call you Jon in the future.”
	Jonathan slightly raised his lips.
	“You can call me any name you like.”
Chapter 55 I’m Really Not Like Her
	The sun sank slowly.
	Felix picked a few things from the magazine and finally stood up.
	“It’s late. I gotta go. It seems that Claudia didn’t like me. I shouldn’t stay here tonight.”
	She glanced up the stairs and said with a smile, “Besides, I don’t want to bring troubles to you.”
	Hearing this, Jonathan frowned slightly.
	When he left the orphanage, he promised to find Angela in the future.
	Even both his M.I. Group and the castle, were built for her.
	Angela in his heart was his sister, an angel who redeemed him, and also the most important person.
	The period of staying at the orphanage at the very beginning, for him, was like being in the dark mud. Only Angela pushed the thick fog aside him with her tender hands, and pulled him out little by little.
	In a short month, she had become the driving force of his continuous struggle.
	Now he finally found her, however, he had been forced to marry.
	Thinking of the marriage, Jonathan couldn’t help thinking of Angelia.
	He frowned and threw her away from her mind.
	“I had gone through the enrollment procedures of Phillips College for you. You can go to school at any time. I remember you always said that you wanted to go to school when you were a child.”
	Felix smiled.
	How could she like school?
	For her, the fun of going to school every day used to be bullying Angelia.
	But now she didn’t dare show her repulsion to school and even smile happily.
	“Does Claudia also in Phillips College?”
	“Yes, she’s in business school. If you don’t like it, you can choose another one.”
	“No, I’ll go to business school too. If we can be in the same class, I can make friends with her.”
	She reached for Jonathan’s hand and smiled brightly.
	“When I was in the orphanage, I had a friend who always bullied me. Later, after I had a heart to heart talk with her, everything had become fine.”
	Felix narrowed her eyes, which was vicious.
	Jonathan pressed back his hesitation.
	“Not everyone is as kind as you are.”
	Walking out of Jonathan’s house, Felix’s face suddenly changed when she got on the car.
	The driver took a look in the rearview mirror and asked in a low voice, “Miss Felix, do you want to go back to your house?”
	Felix looked at her mobile phone.
	“I don’t like the decoration of the house that Jonathan bought me. You must have someone redecorate it. I’ll go to the hotel in a few days.”
	“Let them find a five-star hotel, keep a one-month presidential suite for me.”
	After that, she opened the bulkhead in the car to separate herself from the driver.
	When she was the only one in the back seat, Felix found a phone number that she contacted a few months ago and dialed it.
	“Hello, Mr. Hunk? Long time no see. “
	“Don’t you forget me? It’s only a few months. Isn’t the property certificate still in your hands?”
	“Do you know how much I paid to steal the property certificate of the orphanage? I have to leave the orphanage for fear of being found out.”
	“Your money was far less than I need! But now, I find another thing.”
	“Guess what? I see your daughter here!”
	“But she was like the bitch in my orphanage. Do you feel strange about it?”
	“Money? I’m afraid that I may have more money than you.”
	“You will know what I want later.”
	Hung up the phone, Felix turned over the photo album on her mobile phone.
	There was a folder in the corner.
	After she opened it, there were all pictures of Angelia!
	Each one recorded the moment when she was bullied and in a mess!
	Some were her falling into the mire and were embarrassed; others were torn and scratched, and the rest were made to stand in the corridor.
	All these photos were photographed by Felix!
	She scanned all the pictures, with a ferocious smile on her face. She poked at Angelia’s face in the picture.
	“So unfortunate did you meet me! Let’s see who will protect you this time!”
	The next day, when Angelia went downstairs, she saw Jonathan standing in front of the window of the living room.
	Wearing a light blue shirt and dark blue vertical striped vest, he was bowing his head to have his sleeve buttoned.
	“Today we will go to my father’s house.”
	Angelia looked around and didn’t see Felix. She looked at Jonathan carefully.
	It seemed that Felix didn’t tell him her identity.
	Her anxiety had been soothed.
	“The person yesterday...”
	“She is Felix.”
	Jonathan took a look at her.
	“She is not like you.”
	Although she had already made psychological preparations, Angelia still couldn’t figure out when Felix met Jonathan.
	But she could see that Jonathan liked Felix very much.
	It was evident that everything happened before that was just an illusion.
	“Yes, I’m really not like her.”
	With that, she clenched her fist and turned to walk upstairs.
	Jonathan frowned. Except for Angelia was drunk last time, it was the first time for him to hear she talked in such a strong tone.
	“Where are you going?”
	Angelia kept on walking.
	“Don’t you want to go back your father’s house? Can’t I visit them like this?”
	With that, she went straight into the room.
	At 3pm, Angelia and Jonathan have arrived at Miller’s house.
	Jennie Clinton wore a light gray suit and drank a sip of tea.
	“I call you here this time because your father’s 60th birthday is coming soon.”
	There was no expression on Jonathan’s face, which was even colder.
	“What does it have to do with me?”
	The smile on Jennie Clinton’s face was stiff for a moment. Instead of answering him, she turned to look at Angelia.
	“You had just become one of members of our family. There are many people present at this birthday party. Don’t say that I don’t care you. I hope you can be responsible for preparing the party this time.”
	“Me?” Angelia said in surprise.
	“Well, it’s just a dinner party. Don’t worry. Since you got married with Jonathan, you should do something for his family.”
	Jennie stood up with the fan in her hand fanning.
	“This is the list of customers this time, and the preparation of the rest things will be done by you.”
	“This is Jonathan’s father’s birthday party. Don’t make mistakes. And don’t lose our family’s face.”
	Angelia turned over the list and saw that there were collateral branches of Miller’s and other family members, totaling more than 80 members.
	She never hosted any other party, let alone a formal one.
	How to prepare for it?
	However, Jennie Clinton was obviously to teach her a lesson. She couldn’t refuse it at all.
	Angelia had to promise.
	“I see.”
	Jonathan frowned.
	“Is there no one in the Millers? Why she should take charge of that?”
	Jennie Clinton’s face sank and his voice shrieked.
	“Jonathan, I’m giving her a chance to show her ability. Do you really want everyone to consider that your wife, Jonathan Miller’s wife, can do nothing but stay at home and just be able to spend your money?”
	Jonathan frowned deeply and sneered.
	“It’s all you asked me to...”
	“Don’t!”
	Angelia interrupted Jonathan, stood up and picked up the list on the table.
	“I’ll prepare for the dinner party!”
	Having left from the house, Jonathan asked her with a cold face
	“Are you an idiot? Why did you promise to do that?”
	Angelia turned around and shook off his hand.
	“You shouldn’t care about me at all!”
	“You should care about Felix!”
Chapter 56 Staying in the Same House
	Jonathan got so provoked by that sentence.
	His face darkened in a flash.
	Glaring at Angelia with dim eyes, his expression didn’t reveal what he was thinking.
	“If you would like to host the banquet, just do it, but don’t ask for me when you have any trouble.”
	“Ok.” Angelia gave a reply in a low voice.
	‘You dared to answer.’ His face was even worse, and the anger in his eyes was rising. At last, he repressed all of the anger and strode towards the car.
	Angelia didn’t move.
	When Jonathan saw that she didn’t come, he kicked the door abruptly.
	“Why didn’t you move? Do you want to walk back on your own? “
	His voice was irritable, but actually Angelia didn’t know who he was angry at.
	Angelia walked over without saying a word and got on the car.
	Back home, Jonathan shook off Angelia and entered the living room with a cold face.
	Angelia showed the list to the housekeeper.
	“Mr. Steward, if so many people are coming to the birthday party, what do I need to prepare?”
	The housekeeper knew that Jonathan and Angelia returned to Miller’s house this time because of Thomson Miller’s birthday party. However, it was unexpected that Jennie Miller, Thomson Miller’s wife would ask Angelia to hold such a big event.
	Making a good arrangement of his birthday party was not easy. They always invited a number of helpers to customize the plan.
	It shouldn’t be taken charge of by Angelia and she had only five days to prepare for it.
	The steward frowned slightly. It seemed that the old lady didn’t like the daughter-in-law she had chosen.
	But actually, it was they who forced Mr. Miller to marry her in the beginning.
	As soon as the doubt flashed in his mind, his knitted brows became smooth already, and he answered in a formal way.
	“I have prepared dinner parties of similar scale with housekeepers of other families. I will sort out the previous materials and send them to you later.”
	Delight shone on Angelia’s face.
	“Could I go with you now?”
	“Well...”
	The steward turned to look at Jonathan sitting on the sofa, and nodded when seeing that he didn’t speak.
	“Alright, come with me.”
	“Great.”
	The steward’s room was at the back of the huge castle. Angelia followed the steward out of the door.
	A fiery red sports car came over from afar like wind, and even didn’t slow down until it reached the door.
	Angelia and the steward were frightened to stop.
	When the sports car was about to hit the door, it made a sharp turn and a squeak. The wheels rubbed on the ground and made a loud noise.
	The door open, Felix came down with sunglasses.
	She had a heavy make-up on her face, and after getting off, she ordered the driver who was sitting in the passenger seat.
	“Take these bags and clothes back and put them away one by one. I remember how many I have bought. I warn you, if you dare to steal one of them, you will go to jail instantly!”
	The driver, in his early forties, looked like an honest man.
	Hearing Felix’s words, he frowned.
	“Miss Felix, I’ve never stolen anything.”
	Felix snorted.
	“But it doesn’t mean you won’t do it later. Who knows whether you will do bad things when such expensive bags are in front of you?”
	She took off her sunglasses and went on, “By the way, you don’t have to drive for me next time. I’ll drive the car by myself.”
	“But you don’t have a license,” the driver said in surprise
	“Didn’t I drive very well just now?”
	“If something goes wrong...”
	“What will happen? If there’s anything wrong, Jonathan will solve it for me.”
	With that, she turned around and came over with a little leather handbag in her hand.
	Looking at Angelia and the steward, she stopped in front of Angelia.
	“Miss Hunk, I’m going to visit the auto show with Jonathan today. Do you mind?”
	Angelia looked at Felix who was smiling.
	She could be sure that Felix had recognized her before, but why she was still acting?
	Her eyes turned slightly. Angelia didn’t speak, and ignored her like treating the air.
	“Mr. Steward, take me there.”
	“Yes.”
	The steward took her to the rear.
	Glaring at them, clenching her teeth, Felix showed a grim smile with the corner of her mouth up.
	“You are still rubbish as before.”
	She stepped inside, and her frightening smile disappeared when she saw Jonathan in the living room.
	“Jon!”
	Angelia followed to the back room and waited outside.
	After a few minutes, the steward came out with a stack of folders.
	“Miss Hunk, it’s all here.”
	Angelia looked at the large number of folders and couldn’t help widening her eyes.
	“So many documents?”
	The manager said, “These are only the information of three banquets. It took two weeks for me and the other three housekeepers to finish.
	After that, he took a look at Angelia, intending to tell her that she couldn’t finish the party in five days.
	Angelia pursed her mouth and reached out her hand.
	“Give them to me.”
	Seeing that she was still unwilling to give up, the steward said, “I will take them for you.”
	Angelia still took over some of the folders to help him reduce the burden.
	Just when they came back to the front door of the house, they saw Jonathan and Felix going out together.
	Felix, hanging a sweet smile on her face, leaned on Jonathan’s shoulder.
	“I want that car. It doesn’t matter that I don’t have a license, because I am a quick learner. If I really cannot drive the car, at least you can take me out for a ride.”
	Jonathan shook his head resignedly.
	“Well, I’ll have someone get the car later.”
	“Jon, it’s so kind of you!”
	Seeing them go out, Angelia turned her face away, pretending to haven’t seen them.
	But Felix stopped her on purpose.
	“Claudia, would you like to go with us? But...”
	She looked up and down at Angelia.
	“You’d better change your clothes. The auto show we’re going to is held for VIP. The people there are either rich or esteemed. If you wear such clothes...”
	Felix deliberately showed an embarrassed smile.
	“I didn’t mean that your dress was bad-looking. I’m just afraid it will make Jonathan lose face.”
	Jonathan took a look at Angelia and deliberately turned away his eyes.
	He said, “If you want to go, you should change...”
	“I’m busy.”
	Before he finished his words, Angelia walked inside with the information in her hand.
	Jonathan’s face stiffened as if was covered with cold ice at that moment. No one dared to talk to him in this way.
	“Miss Hunk is busy preparing for the birthday party. She may not be in a good mood.” The steward explained
	Felix didn’t want to open her mouth. The situation would become more and more beneficial to her when their relationship turned worse and worse.
	Since the steward began to persuade them, she spoke as well. “Don’t be angry, since Claudia works so hard.”
	Hearing their words, Jonathan’s face slightly turned better.
	He snorted, “Who asked her to take it!”
	As soon as they left, the steward followed Angelia with the materials and put them in her room.
	The Butler thought for a moment and said, “You can ask for me ff you have any questions.”
	“Ok.”
	Seeing Angelia didn’t seem to understand his implied meaning, the steward was still worried.
	“Miss Hunk, I mean, you can ask someone to help you prepare for the party.”
	Angelia looked up.
	“No, I can do it.”
	It was evident that Jennie Miller was deliberately trying to embarrass her. If someone helped her out, Jennie Miller will still be dissatisfied.
	Only when Angelia did it herself could she shut her mouth.
Chapter 57 Amazing Appearance
	People who attended the birthday party included Miller’s family and friends.
	Angelia could purchase some normal food as everyone’s priorities often lay elsewhere.
	The most important things were to decorate the banquet hall, find a band, dishes and dessert as well as wine for the birthday party, and, the invitation letter which should be sent out in advance.
	It had been very hasty to send the invitation letters just five days in advance. For Angelia, the first step was to pick the style of the invitation letter, print them and send them out.
	There were several styles in the materials provided by the steward, as well as the information of the gift shop which had cooperated several times before.
	Angelia hurriedly went there that day and decided on a beige gold stamping invitation letter. It looked simple and generous, which wouldn’t demean the Millers.
	Angelia handed all the collected addresses from the steward to the shopkeeper, asked them to print them and sent them out on that day.
	After finishing one of her mission, it was getting dark.
	Angelia didn’t have a rest, but began to prepare what she needed next.
	Because there were a lot of materials, she could only focus on some information and search for those related one by one.
	Since this was Thomson Miller’s birthday feast, everything should be done according to his preference.
	Angelia heard from the steward that Thomson Miller didn’t have so much special preference but preferred Argentine dance music very much.
	After searching almost all the records of dance parties, she finally finalized Por una Cabeza, which created by the uncrowned king of tango in Argentina, as the music in the party.
	On the other hand, she contacted the famous band in her country and hoped that they could be present.
	Things came one after another, making her always busy.
	Even if she came back from school, she was still bound up in the birthday party and couldn’t have a rest at all.
	At night, Jonathan came back from the company.
	The steward took his suit and followed him in.
	No sooner had Jonathan entered the door than he paused.
	“Is she still preparing for that?”
	The steward lowered his voice.
	“Miss Hunk fell asleep in the living room.”
	Hearing that, Jonathan’s eyes moved to the sofa and he went over.
	Angelia huddled in the corner of the sofa, sleeping soundly.
	She had a blanket over her shoulder, a pen and a notebook in her hand. Obviously, she was so very sleepy that she fell asleep unconsciously.
	There were obvious dark circles under her eyes. And she seemed to have an uncomfortable sleep.
	Jonathan frowned.
	“How many days has she been like this?”
	“Miss Hunk has been preparing for the birthday party very carefully. She was busy until midnight every day. She may fall asleep due to not having a good rest.”
	Having witnessed that Angelia had been fully occupied in the party these days, he finally saw her asleep. So he didn’t have the heart to wake her up, wanting her to sleep more.
	Jonathan kept frowning and his voice was lowered unconsciously.
	“What’s wrong?”
	“Miss Hunk has picked the repertoire and the orchestra, but the performer Eternal Orchestra declined to attend.”
	Jonathan stared at Angelia’s face.
	“Foolish.”
	The steward looked down slightly. He had hoped that Jonathan could help Miss Jiang.
	“Do you want to wake her up?”
	“No.”
	He stepped forward and took out Angelia’s pen carefully first. Then he bent down, picked her up, supporting her back gently.
	Angelia was sleeping soundly. She slightly moved, drilled into Jonathan’s arms as she had realized the warmth soon.
	Jonathan looked down at her and the expression on his face softened a little.
	She looked much better when she was asleep.
	He walked up the stairs with ease and sent Angelia into the room.
	Then he closed the door and went out.
	The steward was still waiting outside.
	Jonathan turned around and said, “Give me the contact number of the orchestra.”
	The steward was slightly stunned, with a brief smile on his face.
	“Yes, sir.”
	On the second day, Angelia was still in distress. Did she need to meet the head of the orchestra in person?
	The steward was not worried at all, but was very confident, “Miss Hunk, you don’t have to worry, I think, Eternal Orchestra will soon agree to perform at our party.”
	“Why?”
	Angelia looked at him doubtfully.
	The housekeeper smiled without saying anything.
	Unexpectedly, after noon, Angelia received the call from the director of the orchestra.
	He requested to perform at the party on his own initiative, while he refused firmly yesterday, saying that he would never play in a private party.
	Angelia, surprised and pleased, communicated with them on specific matters and finalized the cooperation.
	The following tasks went well.
	Until the day of banquet, Angelia didn’t see Felix.
	The birthday party was held in Miller’s house. Angelia often went in and out here these days, and had been very familiar with it for a long time.
	The dusk was coming.
	Angelia was checking the menu in the kitchen for the last time.
	“Make sure that everyone’s glasses are not empty. Put the red wine and champagne into the decanter in advance.”
	“A small amount of seafood should be sent in several times to avoid food from being cold.”
	Angelia was looking at the book in her hand and giving orders at the same time.
	The steward walked behind Angelia silently.
	“Miss Hunk, it’s almost the time to prepare yourself.”
	“Got it.”
	Angelia nodded and checked the notes in her hand. Seeing that there was no omission, she was relieved.
	Then she turned and said, “I’ll go now.”
	“Mr. Miller has arrived.”
	Angelia sipped her mouth. “I have to change my clothes.”
	Apart from the house, guests came one after another.
	It seemed that almost all of the rich people and high-ranking officials in the city had gathered there.
	The road was almost as warm with luxury cars that could draw everyone’s eyes at ordinary times.
	In recent years, although the Millers had suffered a lot, it was still one of the three major families in their country, with its network covering politics and business.
	Behind the huge network of interests was the continuous relationship.
	What was more, even if they didn’t do Thomson Miller favors, it was enough for them to make this trip for Jonathan.
	The banquet hall was perfectly arranged. Coming in from the front door, you could see its beautiful semi arc.
	The most famous local orchestra was playing the soothing music before the opening on the left side, and the long table on the other side was full of prepared food, ready to serve at any time.
	The sommelier offered different kinds of red wine and champagne for guests to choose from.
	Jennie Miller looked at the whole banquet hall critically, but she couldn’t find any problems, thereby her face was not good.
	Originally, she wanted to take this opportunity to teach Angelia a lesson. Unexpectedly, she made a decent party alone.
	“She’s kind of useful.” She gave an unpleasant complaint.
	Michael stood aside, holding champagne in his hand, and smiled genially at several ladies in a distance.
	“Mom, you despise her too much. After all, she is also the daughter of the Hunks.”
	“Well, she looks like a bumpkin instead of a lady in a decent family.”
	As soon as her words were over, the people who had been chatting and laughing in the party gradually quieted down.
	Everyone turned around and looked at the entrance of the banquet hall, eyes slightly widened.
	“What happen?”
	Jennie turned around discontentedly.
	Michael stared at the person coming in from the door, his eyes full of amazement.
	“I have never seen such a beautiful bumpkin...” 
Chapter 58 Trouble is Coming
	Banquet hall entrance.
	Originally, in order to make the guests focus on the banquet, the lights here were a little dim.
	But at this time, it attracted everyone’s attention.
	Angelia was a shining one standing at the junction of light and dark. She was so beautiful that people held their breath.
	She was in a light blue silk evening dress with a unique pattern of chiffon.
	The pearlescent fabric showered in the light was sparkling like starlight, which constituted a blue star river.
	A blue ribbon wove into a beautiful bow at the back of her waist, adding some energy to her mildness.
	Her chestnut long hair was tied back to form the most natural hairpin, like a natural crown.
	Two small piece of wavy hair on both temples naturally hung down, setting off the pink cheeks.
	Angelia came slowly. The light blue dress was as light as feathers, fluttering around when she walked.
	Standing at the entrance of the banquet hall, she looked around and seemed to be looking for someone. She was stunning and charming.
	All people unconsciously stopped their movements, and their eyes lingered on her, reluctant to leave.
	They all asked the people around them about her identity in a low voice.
	“The daughter of the Hunks? The one who married Jonathan? “
	“I’ve heard for a long time that the daughter of theirs is beautiful. But unexpectedly she was so......”
	“I don’t know Jonathan could be unwilling to get married. If I marry her, I’ll laugh when I’m having a dream at midnight.”
	“Come on, you are not in the list!”
	“Well, haven’t you heard of that?”
	“In recent days, Jonathan and bought a car and a house for another woman. They are so sweet outside. I think their divorce will happen sooner or later!”
	“Really? Oh, what a pity!”
	Angelia hurried to change her clothes, but she didn’t expect that so many people looked at her together when she just came in.
	She grabbed her dress a few times uneasily.
	The clothes were prepared by the steward. It looked all right, so she put it on directly.
	‘Is there anything wrong?’
	On the other side of the banquet hall, Jonathan was talking with a partner about the latest cooperation case. The other party said half of sentence and suddenly stopped.
	The man’s eyes brightened slightly and he looked at the entrance of the banquet hall with amazement.
	“So beautiful...”
	Jonathan turned his head and looked around, unconsciously falling on the person at the door.
	Angelia, in the middle of crowd, looked uneasy and nervous.
	As soon as Jonathan saw her clearly, he widened his eyes and his pupils narrowed.
	‘She…’
	‘Why is she in such a nice dress?’
	‘Didn’t she see the people around her staring at her like wolves staring at meat?’
	His face sank in a flash, and he walked to her angrily.
	Before he could get close, a figure suddenly came out in front of him and walked to Angelia first.
	It was Michael Miller!
	Dressed in a white suit, Michael made all the ladies on the scene scream as soon as he appeared.
	The two people stood in the light, as if they were a match made in heaven.
	Jonathan stopped and frowned. He was staring fiercely at them in the distance, and his whole body was full of anger that strangers were not allowed to get close to him.
	Michael looked at Angelia with a shining smile in his eyes.
	“You are so beautiful tonight that I can hardly recognize you.”
	Angelia’s face blushed a little, feeling a little embarrassed.
	“Thank you. Isn’t it weird?”
	“Of course not. You are the most beautiful person tonight. Look, everyone is looking at you.”
	He raised his finger to point at the people inside.
	Angelia looked up. The eyes of those people made her feel awkward.
	Then she looked around, and her eyes finally fell on Jonathan, who was standing behind.
	Everyone was looking at her, but Jonathan was angry.
	‘Why is he angry again?’
	Michael also looked back and said with a smile, “My brother has been waiting for you for a long time, let’s go.”
	Angelia nodded slightly and raised her feet to walk over.
	The crowd slowly separated a road, Angelia slowly walked to Jonathan.
	“Mr. Miller.”
	Jonathan’s eyes glanced at Michael behind her, his face even colder.
	“Do you still remember me?”
	The sarcastic tone made Angelia frown.
	Michael smiled and said, “Brother, Claudia was busy preparing for the party, so she was late.”
	“Claudia?”
	“When have you been so close?”
	People around them noticed the abnormal atmosphere between them and looked at them altogether.
	Angelia couldn’t believe that Jonathan was thinking in that way.
	“Don’t talk nonsense...”
	Before she finished, Jonathan suddenly reached out and rudely pulled Angelia over.
	As soon as she tilted, she knocked into Jonathan directly.
	“What are you doing?”
	Jonathan’s face was covered with ice. He tightly clasped her waist.
	“At least, you are still my wife now.”
	Angelia looked at him in shock.
	Jonathan’s hands were tightly tied to her waist. Since he didn’t like her, why did he still hold on to her?
	“Let me go!”
	Jonathan didn’t say anything. Instead, he tightened her up.
	“You’d better stay with me tonight.”
	“Jonathan.”
	Michael suddenly interrupted them and worried, “Claudia doesn’t seem very comfortable. Don’t do that.”
	“You’re not in charge here!”
	Jonathan’s eyes swept and he shouted at him in a cold voice.
	Seeing Michael’s face turned upset, Angelia frowned and started to struggle.
	“Jonathan, what are you doing? He’s your brother.”
	“I don’t have a brother.” Jonathan clenched his teeth.
	However, Michael didn’t get angry. He even smiled.
	“It doesn’t matter. You can have a chat. I’ll see if dad is getting ready.”
	He took a toast to Angelia.
	“To the most beautiful lady in the evening.”
	Michael drank up all the champagne in his glass, turned around and left.
	Looking at his back, Angelia was still wondering about Jonathan’s words just now.
	‘Why did he say he didn’t have a brother?’
	“Why are you still looking at him?”
	Jonathan held her waist with his strength and turned her face to face himself.
	“That’s how you like him?”
	Angelia frowned and breaks away from his hand.
	“Don’t talk rot.”
	Jonathan’s sharp eyes fixed on her, gnashing his teeth, and his face was filled with great anger.
	At this time, Thomson Miller and Jennie Miller slowly came down from the second floor.
	Everyone took back their eyes and looked to the leading roles tonight.
	Thomson Miller dressed in black suit was standing on the steps in a good spirit.
	“Welcome to today’s dinner party. I, Thomson Miller, have been working in the mall for more than 40 years. All of you who have helped me are standing here. You are my friends and my family. Since you are all my family, you don’t have to observe so much courtesy. Come on, cheers.”
	People all laughed and cheered, and raised their cups one after another.
	Just then, there was a sudden noise at the door.
	“Get out of the way! I’m going in!”
	“Who dares to stop me? I am Angela Felix! Let me in!”
Chapter 59 Jonathan’s New Lover
	It was noisy at the entrance of the banquet hall. Everyone stopped to look at it.
	As soon as Angelia heard Felix’s voice, she turned to Jonathan.
	There was no evident expression revealing in his face. On the other side, Felix had forced in from outside.
	She was in a big red dress, head held high, and her eyes swept around everyone.
	A few people in the banquet hall recognized her quickly and their face was embarrassed.
	“Isn’t she Jonathan’s new lover? “
	“Why is she so bold? So arrogantly did she act, as she should have known the presence of Jonathan’s wife?”
	“Both new love and old love are on the stage together. What a wonderful play tonight.”
	A few people were whispering. In a moment, everyone on the scene knew the identity of Felix.
	Felix hadn’t understood the deep meaning of those people’s eyes. On the contrary, she was very satisfied with himself.
	She raised her head, found Jonathan in the crowd, and hurriedly came over.
	“Jon.”
	Felix held his hand directly and said with a smile.
	“Am I late?”
	Jonathan frowned slightly, but didn’t push her away.
	“Why are you here?”
	“Didn’t you ask me to come?”
	Felix asked back, “I heard you say today is your father’s 60th birthday. Of course I should come to visit him.”
	The banquet hall was very quiet. No one spoke, but their eyes fell on Jonathan and her two ladies.
	Thomson Miller, who was still standing on the stairs, looking at Felix carefully.
	In recent days, he had heard a lot about Jonathan.
	But his marriage with the Hunks was forced. In addition, he felt guilty about Jonathan, so he didn’t interfere even if the people outside spread some bad rumors of his son.
	But he had to distinguish between public and private. As so many relatives and friends were present today, Angela Felix’s making trouble on the party would make his whole family lose face.
	He gave a little cough and asked.
	“Jonathan, who is she? I haven’t seen her. “
	“A friend of mine.”
	Jonathan didn’t want to let Felix know people in the Millers, so he wanted to avoid more questions through a short answer.
	But Felix wouldn’t let go of the opportunity to please Jonathan’s father.
	“Uncle, I’m Angela Felix.”
	Thomson Miller gave her a glance.
	“As you are a friend of my son, just stay here.”
	Then he raised his glass and ignored her. “Let’s go on.”
	After drinking, it was time to celebrate.
	Thomson Miller disliked the noise and left the banquet hall to the young people. He went to the courtyard with several friends.
	Angelia hesitated to turn back and saw Felix pestering Jonathan to go dancing.
	Michael then went over and invited her to the courtyard.
	“Claudia, shall we go to the courtyard?”
	Then Angelia got her eyes back.
	“Ok, let’s go.”
	Jonathan saw they leaving together.
	His face sank and he pushed Felix away to catch up with them.
	But Felix suddenly reached for him and looked at them.
	“Jon, do you want to dance with me? Claudia will be taken care of by another Mr. Miller.”
	Jonathan’s face was even worse, and she continued, “I have never been to a dance party before. I used to be in an orphanage and I didn’t even wear a skirt. I always dreamed of dancing with you at a ball.”
	What Jonathan couldn’t stand most was that Felix mentioned the past.
	As soon as she talked about it, he thought that he didn’t take good care of Felix and let her wait so long.
	He took his eyes back and had no choice but to compromise.
	“Well, just once.”
	The begonias in Miller’s courtyard were in bud. Several simple wooden chairs were placed randomly.
	The hot tea on the table had been boiling. Most of Thomson Miller’s friends were of the same age. They talked almost everything and looked very relaxed.
	Angelia stood aside, adding tea for them from time to time. She seemed to be thinking something.
	Michael’s eyes had not removed from her since just now.
	Jennie Miller came out of the banquet hall and her face was dark.
	She went to Michael and complained in a low voice.
	“Who is Angela Felix? Is here where she can come? “
	“How did she make you angry?”
	Jennie Miller coldly snorted. “You didn’t see her just now. She was almost lying down on Jonathan. What a shame!”
	She said and turned to look at Angelia, who was on the other side, even more disgusted.
	“So useless is she. She had been bullied so badly, but she didn’t do anything at all. Do all members from the Hunks behave like that?”
	Michael smiled.
	“Mom, isn’t that you don’t like her? Why are you helping her now?”
	“I’m not helping her. She’s losing our family’s face! I look down upon her, but I don’t want to hear others talk about that there was another prodigal in our family!”
	She lowered her voice, gnashing her teeth and looked at Thomson with a strong hatred.
	Michael reached out to hold her, with a smile on his face.
	“Isn’t that good? I think Claudia is a nice girl.”
	Jennie Miller raised her head in surprise. Seeing that Michael’s eyes had been staying on Angelia, she suddenly had a guess.
	“Michael, do you mean...”
	As soon as she opened her mouth, the side of Thomson let out a burst of exclamation.
	An old man over 70 took out a wooden box from behind, the size of which was like a palm, and he walked proudly to Thomson.
	“Today you’re sixty years old, I’ve sent someone to find something good. Here, have a look.”
	The box made of sandalwood was carved with exquisite patterns. Once it was taken out, it had already shown that there was definitely not ordinary thing inside.
	“Mr. Martin, what is this?”
	The man named Martin touched his beard and carefully opened the wooden box.
	“It’s a snuff bottle in the 14th century! It took me a lot of money to get it!”
	People sitting here were all very interested in antiques. They came together when hearing in was from in the 14th century.
	The snuff bottle in the box was very colorful and in a beautiful shape. Although it originated from so long ago, it didn’t seem to be old, but looked like a new one.
	Having hundreds of years of history, it should not be so bright.
	“I’m sorry but I have to say. Mr. Martin, is your snuff bottle fake?”
	“Yes, the color is too bright. Did someone cheat you?”
	“Impossible!”
	Mr. Martin was triumphant when he came here. Seeing that they said that the snuff bottle he had brought was a fakery, his complexion became pale with anger.
	“It’s genuine! I got it from a secret way. It couldn’t be a fake.”
	“Have you asked an appraiser for help?”
	Mr. Martin froze for a moment and hesitated to shake his head.
	“But I think it’s genuine, it’s genuine!”
	But no matter what he said, others didn’t believe it.
	Mr. Martin’s face flushed with anxiety.
	“Thomson, don’t you believe me, too?”
	Thomson Miller was in a bit of a dilemma. He studied antiques. The snuff bottle in front of him, no matter how he checked it, it looked like a fake.
	Seeing his expression, Mr. Martin clapped the table angrily.
	“All of you don’t believe me!”
	He reached for the box on the table. Suddenly a figure got close to him.
	Angelia came forward slightly, showing a gentle smile.
	“May I have a look, please?”
Chapter 60 The Battle of Scrambling for Angelia
	Several people heard the voice and looked up.
	Mr. Martin looked at Angelia doubtfully.
	He couldn’t help doubting her because of her young age.
	“Little girl, are you able to check it?”
	“A little.”
	As she wanted to become a cultural relic restorer, of course, she had some knowledge of ancient cultural relics.
	Mr. Martin looked at the others and clenched his teeth.
	“Fine! You have to help me to see whether my snuff bottle is genuine or not! “
	Angelia carefully picked up the snuff bottle in the box and observed it carefully under the light.
	The snuff bottle was round, with a narrow neck, copper plating on the point and neck. The body of the snuff bottle was painted with blue and white flowers. The colors were bright and the patterns were exquisite.
	The upper and lower parts were decorated with gold color, and the gold pattern at the bottom was like petals, rich and luxurious.
	But it was because the color was bright that people would think it was a fake.
	Most of the antiques left in ancient times had a long history. After years of erosion, the color turned gray and often with cracks.
	But the bottle on Angelia’s palm was still intact.
	Everyone opened their eyes to see her every move for fear of missing something.
	Mr. Martin was anxious and worried.
	“How is it, little girl?”
	Angelia smiled and put the snuff bottle back in the box.
	“It’s a genuine one.” She nodded to Mr. Martin.
	Mr. Martin was relieved in a moment, and became curious again.
	“How can you see that?”
	Angelia wiped her hands and added tea to Mr. Martin and Thomson Miller.
	“Snuff bottles are different from other antiques. Some people think that the materials and workmanship of snuff bottles are more important than the age.”
	“This snuff bottle is delicate in pottery and beautifully painted. From its appearance and texture, it can be seen that it is of the best quality.”
	“In addition, the signature form of the snuff bottle in the 14th century is unique. This colorful porcelain snuff bottle will have a blue script at the bottom. Mr. Martin, although the signature of your snuff bottle has been worn down a little, it was the real one.”
	Angelia said reasonably. Everyone came up and looked at it. As expected, they saw the signature below.
	“That’s true!”
	“But the color is too bright, isn’t it? It looked like a fake.”
	Angelia said slowly, “Snuff bottles were produced in the Renaissance. If it is well preserved, the color will not be too different.”
	Mr. Martin was very happy.
	“See? What she said was all true! Do you still have any questions?”
	Several people nodded in succession. They apologized to Mr. Martin instantly, as they didn’t care about losing face.
	“We are so impulsive. Please accept my apology.”
	“Mr. Martin, you are still powerful.”
	Mr. Zhang groaned a few times triumphantly. Then he turned to look at Angelia with a smile on his face.
	“Girl, I didn’t expect you to know so much about antiques because you are young.”
	“Yes, generally, young people don’t like it.”
	“Girl, what’s your name?”
	Angelia was just about to open her mouth. Thomson Miller sat on the chair and knocked on his walking stick. His tone was full of pride.
	“She is my daughter-in-law.”
	Everyone was surprised.
	“Ah! Is it Jonathan’s wife? Jonathan is really blessed.”
	“Oh, I heard that today’s birthday feast was prepared by you alone? No wonder as soon as I come in, I feel different. It’s very good! “
	“Young and promising. But...”
	An old man in the back said a half sentence and stopped.
	The crowd turned to him.
	“But what?”
	The old man stood up, stroking his beard, and walked slowly to Angelia.
	“But...” He frowned and made everyone nervous.
	When he saw the scene, he suddenly grinned like a naughty child.
	“Please help me to have a look. My son gave me the porcelain perfume vase. Is it authentic?”
	“I’m so worried,” he said anxiously, “but I dare not take it to appraise. I’m afraid that will hurt my son’s heart.”
	As he said that, he had taken out what he had with him.
	He made people feel as if they had been in the roller coaster.
	But after his ‘reminding’, they all crowded up.
	“I had bought an antique cup last month. Can you help me to appraise it?”
	“Oh, I didn’t bring it today. What should I do?”
	“Where do you live? In two days, no! Tomorrow! Tomorrow I’ll find you and show me my two vases.”
	Michael and Jennie gaped, standing aside.
	Those men were over half a hundred years old. All of those powerful strange-tempered old men came to scramble for Angelia and tried to take her away. They almost started fighting.
	It was amazing!
	Soon, what was going on here had attracted many people.
	The people who had been in the banquet hall gathered unconsciously.
	There were fewer and fewer people left into the hall. Jonathan finally finished a dance, eager to find Angelia.
	He looked back and instantly saw that everyone was standing in the courtyard. Some couldn’t squeeze in, so they have to stand by the window and looked.
	‘What are they looking at?’
	Jonathan went over curiously.
	Felix hurriedly reached out to pull him, but grabbed nothing.
	“Jon, where are you going?”
	Jonathan didn’t pay any attention to her.
	Felix was angry to gnash her teeth. She stamped on the ground a few times and hurriedly chased after him.
	A lot of people gathered in the courtyard, but nobody spoke. There was only a clear voice in the quiet environment.
	“Mr. Harper. Since you have the certificate of appraisal, your vase should be an authentic one.”
	“I don’t accept it. You have to help me to check my vase as you have helped them. Who knows if the appreciation certificate is a sham?”
	When they heard this, they were all shocked.
	Mr. Harper’s antiques are all sent to prominent connoisseurs for identification, which was the most authoritative.
	They didn’t expect that the certificate wasn’t as reliable as a word from the little girl in front of them.
	Angelia had no choice but to do it.
	Now she had identified all the antiques they had brought, but some of them hoped that she could go to their house and identify the big things that they hadn’t brought.
	It was reasonable to say that they shouldn’t buy any fakes, because they were well-known people, but they are still worried.
	She was in a bit of a quandary.
	“I have classes in daily time. If I have time on weekends...”
	“OK! Come to my house this week! Girl, I’ll pick you up myself! “
	Before Angelia finished, someone rushed to interrupt.
	The others were not happy.
	“Next week is my turn!”
	“Oh, don’t rob my opportunity! I’ve already said that! “
	Several people saw that they were going to battle again. Angelia hurriedly stopped them.
	“Mr. Harper, Mr. Spencer, please don’t argue with each other. If I finished school at ordinary times, I can go to your house.”
	So a few people began to scramble for her after-class time, and soon it was well divided.
	Jonathan saw the scene in front of him.
	With a happy smile on her face, Angelia had a good time talking with several seniors, and everyone around looked at her.
	She became the focus of the crowd again.
	The night wind blew, and the begonia flowers just bloomed.
	Petals fell on her hair. And she gently took them off, smiling like flowers.
Chapter 61 My Son is Better than Jonathan Miller
	Martin watched Angelia Wilson in front of him with satisfaction, and the more he watched, the more satisfied he was.
	He sighted and said，"What a pity."
	Harper and Thomson Miller turned their heads, "A pity? "
	Martin hesitated for a moment, and said in embarrassment, "it's a pity that Angelia is married. If not, she could be my daughter-in-law. You know, my son is excellent."
	He held Angelia's hands and talked continuously.
	"My son who takes charge of all the affairs of the Martins is just 28 years old, and he is kind and gentle. You two must be a good fit. Can I arrange a chance for you to meet in the future?"
	Harper saw Thomson's face turn green, so interrupted Martin quickly.
	"Don't make the joke! Angelia is married. Do you expect her to have a bad life?"
	Martin snorted.
	"Jonathan Miller dislikes she, but a large number of people around me are eager to date her. My son is much better than him!"
	People present knew what he meant when they heard the words.
	Messy rumors about Jonathan spread all over the place, so people accused him and took pity on Angelia.
	Jonathan was preparing to walk into. Suddenly, he heard the words, then his face looked serious.
	He was standing here, but other people in front of him planned to break his marriage.
	He stepped into and went straight to Angelia's side. Then he put his arms around her waist as if he had sworn that she was his.
	Angelia looked at him in surprise.
	"Jonathan?"
	Jonathan looked at Martin coldly, and the two fought in sight.
	After a long time, he spoke slowly.
	"Martin."
	"Humph!"
	Martin snorted coldly.
	"Go back, some people are such a wet blanket!" He shook hands and turned to leave. Then he said, "Angelia, I'll pick you up in a few days."
	As soon as Martin left, the others followed him in droves.
	Angelia went out and sent them away. She found quite a few people were still in the banqueting hall when she returned.
	As the host of the party, she could leave while everyone had left.
	But the overload works these days had made her body tired to the peak.
	Angelia yawned with sleepiness, so she found a corner and sat down to relax.
	In Thomson's study room.
	Jonathan coldly looked at Thomson in front of him, as if he was looking at a stranger.
	"what do you want to say?"
	Although Thomson knew Jonathan hated him, he was still shocked every time he saw Jonathan's cold eyes.
	He lowered his voice and asked directly, "what's the relationship between you and Angela Felix?"
	"She's my friend."
	Thomson didn't believe it at all. Judging from their performance today, they were not friends.
	He snorted coldly and said, "Is she your lover?"
	Jonathan's sight immediately cooled down, like an ice cave.
	He raised his mouth in sneer.
	"I'm not you."
	Thomson's eyes narrowed instantly and his face looked pale.
	"I don't care who she is. But you must know that you are married! Are you still single? Do you know how hard it is to be accused by other people outside? "
	Jonathan didn't answer and his father didn't know whether he was listening.
	Thomson felt guilty about Jonathan, so he couldn't do anything about him.
	After a while, he sighed.
	"Although your marriage was formed in a hurry, but you should realize that she is a good girl. If you don't sustain this marriage, you will regret it later!"
	"Does your performance end now?" Jonathan spoke faintly.
	Thomson was stunned for a moment, choked by him and looked angry.
	Jonathan turned directly and walked towards the door.
	As soon as he got to the door, he stopped.
	"You have no right to give me a lesson. "
	Thomson watched him walking out. His strength disappeared in an instant, only leaving chagrin and regret.
	Jonathan left the study room and headed for the banquet hall.
	Almost all the people left except a few young people.
	As soon as he arrived, Angela stopped dancing and immediately walked towards him with smile.
	"Jonathan, where have you been?"
	She took his hand to the dance floor.
	"Dance with me."
	Jonathan looked around absent-mindedly. When he saw Angelia, who was leaning against the corner, he stopped walking.
	He brushed Angela's hands.
	"I have something to do. Go and play on your own."
	Angela followed his sight and saw Angelia. She understood what he said Immediately. Then her smile disappeared.
	But she smiled again soon.
	"No, I suddenly felt tired. Jonathan, please send me back. I want to stay with you."
	She shook Jonathan's arm and winked at him.
	Recently, once she did this, Jonathan would certainly promise any request she asked.
	But today, Jonathan kept silent.
	"I'll send a driver to take you back."
	Angela was stunned. Before she reacted, Jonathan turned and walked towards Angelia.
	She tried to caught up him. But the driver came to pick her up, when she got close.
	She gave Angelia a hard stare, and swore at her. Then she turned away reluctantly.
	Jonathan approached and found Angelia leaning against the wall with her eyes closed. He was a little surprised that she fell asleep here.
	What a fool. No one except her would overexert herself.
	Jonathan frowned slightly with worried.
	Angelia had a sweet sleep. And the atmosphere around her seemed to be warm and romantic.
	As soon as he strolled over to her, the noisy music in the banquet hall seemed to be virtually cut off.
	Jonathan had some special feelings about the scene, so he sat down near her.
	Angelia didn't notice what happened. She was so sleepy that she couldn't open her eyes after overwork.
	Soon she lost her focus of balance and finally leaned against Jonathan's shoulder.
	Jonathan suddenly froze. Then he relaxed to make her sleep more comfortable.
	He turned his head and saw that Angelia was sleeping deeply with a slight blush on her cheek.
	The manager of the kitchen, who had finished work, came in a hurry.
	"Miss Hunk, the kitchen…"
	As soon as he opened his mouth, Jonathan stopped him immediately with a sharp sight.
	The man was startled and closed his mouth.
	Jonathan made a gesture to let the man show him the account.
	He skimmed through the account and made marks on it. Finally, Jonathan told them to get off work.
	The man nodded. When he was at the door, he looked back at the two who were leaning against each other.
	Who said that Mr. Miller didn't like his wife?
	He didn't believe it at all.
	When Angelia woke up next day, she found herself lying in her bedroom.
	She had no memory of how the dinner which held last night ended.
	She went downstairs. The housekeeper was preparing breakfast.
	Angelia went to the housekeeper with doubts.
	"Steward, do you know how I came back last night?"
	The housekeeper laughed and looked happy.
	"It was your husband who held you back."
	Angelia was incredulous.
	"My husband?"
	"How is it possible?"
	Steward nodded in affirmation.
	Angelia drunk a sip of porridge and found she couldn't remember what happened last night.
	She never thought that Jonathan would send her back.
	Maybe he is ashamed that I fell asleep there.
	Angelia smiled bitterly. She knew Jonathan's character very well.
Chapter 62 Can She Wait for Me?
	She was thinking about Jonathan while he suddenly came in from outside.
	At this time, he usually arrived at the company. But today he's still at home.
	She looked away and thought that Jonathan came back for something.
	To her surprise, Jonathan went straight to her.
	"I'll send you to school today."
	He spoke straightforwardly.
	Angelia shook her head.
	"No, thanks. My driver will send me."
	She was reluctant to have a misconception about him. But Jonathan firmly disagreed with her refusal.
	"Follow me."
	The two came out of the door and got into the car. Suddenly Steward ran to them quickly.
	He hurried to the car window morosely.
	"There's a call from Miss Felix, sir."
	Jonathan stopped.
	"What's wrong with her?"
	Steward said in a deep voice, "Miss Felix had a car accident and was sent to the hospital now!"
	Jonathan stopped driving.
	"Is it serious？"
	“I don't know. They should arrive at the hospital now.”
	Jonathan was still hesitating, while Angelia opened her mouth.
	"You need to go to hospital."
	She untied her seat belt and got out of the car.
	"I can do it on my own."
	Jonathan was about to stop her. But Angelia quickly got into the other car that was ready.
	Without speaking, she left quickly.
	Jonathan carried a gloomy face and restarted the car.
	"Tell me the address of the hospital."
	When the driver drove out of the gate, Angelia couldn't help looking back. She saw Jonathan leaving in the direction of the hospital.
	The driver saw her movement in the rearview mirror and whispered, "Miss Hunk, you should have asked your husband to take you to school just now."
	"There's no need. Angela was injured, wasn't she?"
	The driver sighed.
	A few days ago, he was ordered by Jonathan to pick up Angela. Unexpectedly, she framed him for stealing.
	Obviously, it was she who didn't put things in order and lost them. But she accused him of stealing and going to fire him.
	without Jonathan's help, he would lose the job.
	She really couldn't understand why Jonathan didn't like Angelia, but look for such a shrew.
	"You are so tolerant of Angela."
	Even he felt that Angelia didn't have to endure such a marriage.
	"It was her who drove the driver away and drove without license. What's more, I heard she was not seriously injured, just bruised. But she made a big fuss that insisted on being hospitalized and asked Mr. Miller to accompany her. Even me…"
	He became more and more excited and looked angry.
	"Shut up."
	Angelia interrupted her.
	"It's none of my business. It was she who expected to stay in the hospital."
	The driver looked at her from the rearview mirror and shook her head helplessly.
	No sooner had she entered the classroom then her phone rang.
	Angelia took it out and saw a few words on the screen.
	"Wait for me, after school."
	It was actually sent by Jonathan.
	Angelia looked at the message for seconds. It was the first time Jonathan sent her message, but she was not happy at all.
	Why did he ask me to stay put?
	He asked her to the hospital to visit Angela, didn't he?
	She frowned and dropped her phone into her schoolbag.
	In the afternoon, Angelia came out of the classroom and suddenly remembered the message which sent by Jonathan.
	She hesitated for a moment, then she saw an old man who had white hair standing outside.
	He was dressed in a white suit in Tang Dynasty style. He stood upright, attracting many people's attention.
	Angelia saw and recognized him, then spoke in surprise.
	"Martin, why do you stand here?"
	Originally, Martin was serious, but as soon as he saw Angelia, he was immediately beamed. To prevent her running away, he stepped forward and gripped her hand,
	"I heard that you would finish class early today. Let's go, I can't wait to show you the treasures in my house!"
	Angelia pulled by him for a few steps, then she found a car parking nearby!
	Martin actually drove the car to the front of the teaching building!
	"It's not allowed to drive to the teaching building in our school!"
	Martin patted his chest with pride.
	"Don't worry, there is no place in the city that I can't go!"
	"Hop in."
	"But I have to go home," Angelia said awkward.
	Martin showed a look of disgust.
	"Why do you want to go home? Can you have a good appetite with Jonathan's cold face? I'll show you my treasures that I found through my hard work."
	Without Angelia's agreement, Martin directly pushed her into the car. Then the car drove to the house of The Martins.
	Martin's car left the school soon, a Spyder C8 slowly appeared in the college.
	Jonathan got out of the car and walked to Angelia's classroom.
	He looked at the champagne rose in his hand with an uneasy expression.
	God knew the reason that he went to the florist's, and bought this bunch of flowers under the recommendation of the shop assistant.
	Was it because of what happened in the morning?
	He went straight to the classroom, looking in it, but he couldn't see Angelia.
	Someone came out of the classroom and Jonathan stopped her.
	"Where is Claudia Hunk?"
	She looked around.
	"Claudia? She's gone just now."
	Several people in the classroom recognized Jonathan, they approached him hurriedly.
	"I saw her got on a Spyder with my eyes.
	"Is that The Martin's car? The person who was in charge of their family just changed, didn't he?"
	"I know! I saw him in the magazine. He's a handsome and smart man."
	They were talking at once.
	Jonathan looked more and more angry.
	"The Martins?"
	He recalled Martin's word that he would introduce Angelia to his son. And he's even looking forward to breaking down their marriage!
	Jonathan slightly narrowed his eyes with fierce sight.
	Can she wait for me?
	The champagne rose in his hand laughed at him.
	Jonathan tightly closed lips. He threw the rose directly into the dustbin beside him and turned away.
	On the other side, Angelia was taken back to Martin's home by him.
	They went into the room. As soon as she entered the room, she saw a wide range of antiques and cultural relics. She lost herself in them at once.
	Unlike Martin's, most of the antiques in Jonathan's castle were luxurious. Almost every antique which worth millions of dollars was bought at a high price from the auction.
	Martin collected all kinds of antiques, most of which were bought in the antique market.
	Some were worth only several hundred dollars, or even a few bucks, while others were worth millions of dollars.
	He was a genuine collector who displayed hundreds of antiques together regardless of their status.
	Seeing her surprise, Martin stroked his beard with pride.
	"Angelia, these antiques are great, aren't they?"
	Angelia couldn't help but step forward.
	"What a great spectacle!"
	Martin suddenly thought of something and said, "by the way, I found a blue and white porcelain bowl from the Ming Dynasty a few days ago. Help me appreciate it. "
	He turned and carefully held a box out of the drawer.
	He opened the box and Angelia saw some pieces of porcelain bowls in it.
	"Is it smashed?" said Angelia in surprise.
	"Yes."
	Martin nodded sadly.
	"If it wasn't broken, the man wouldn't have sold it."
	Angelia observed the crack of the porcelain bowl carefully.
	"Martin, if you rest assured me, I'll try my best to fix it."
Chapter 63 A Dog in the Manger
	Martin looked at her in surprise.
	"You're able to fix it, aren't you?"
	How many skills had she mastered?
	Cultural relic restorers were more scarce than cultural relics. Moreover, most of them are old men. Why did she, a young woman, learn to repair cultural relics?
	"I enjoy the work."
	"But I haven't study it systematically, so I'm afraid I can't repair it well," Angelia said coyly.
	"It doesn't matter."
	Martin packed up the box and handed it to her.
	"It's not expensive. Don't worry about it. And if you fix it, it's me who gets the benefit."
	Angelia nodded. Then Martin turned back and took out more than ten boxes from the drawer.
	She was shocked and said, "Martin, do they all have to be repaired?"
	Martin laughed.
	"Take it easy. I know you can't repair so much at once, so I want to know whether they can be restored."
	Angelia caught her breath. If she had to repair all of them, she would finish it next year.
	It’s getting late.
	Martin left Angelia for dinner then took her home contentedly.
	After she got off, Martin was still reluctant to part with her.
	"It's a pity that my son has gone on a business trip these days. Or you would be familiar with each other."
	Angelia was helpless. It's the first time she met that father help his son steal other's girlfriend.
	"There's no need because I have to repair this porcelain bowl. I may not have time to do other things."
	Martin was happy again, when she mentioned it.
	"I know. Take your time, I'm not in a hurry."
	It's not easy to send Martin away. Then Angelia turned around and walked home.
	She entered the porch, and the living room was dark with no lights on.
	She was surprised because it's just 9 p.m.
	Where was Steward?
	Angelia entered the room in the dark.
	"Where did you go?"
	A cold voice of anger suddenly appeared in the dark. As soon as he opened his mouth, the air around him condensed.
	Angelia was scared and turned back quickly. In the dark, she saw a figure on the sofa.
	"Jonathan?"
	The man in the dark suddenly stood up, especially big in the dark.
	He gnashed his teeth and said, "Do you remember what I told you?"
	"Stay put. But I just went to Martin's home."
	Jonathan stepped forward and stood here face to face.
	"Do you want to quibble? Who did you meet? Did you eat together?"
	He gripped her hands.
	"What have you done?"
	Angelia pulled by him nearly lost her footing. The box in her hands almost dropped out.
	"Release me! The box is going to fall off!"
	Jonathan looked down and saw Angelia holding a box. Then he grabbed it angrily.
	"What is this? He gave you a present the first time you met, didn't he?"
	Angelia was startled and afraid that he would drop the box on the ground.
	That bowl has been broken into several pieces. If he fell again, there was no way to fix.
	"Jonathan! Give it back to me!"
	Jonathan was more and more angry and opened the lid directly.
	He was stunned to see the fragments of the porcelain bowl in it.
	"Broken bowl? The present?"
	Angelia quickly grabbed the box back.
	"This is the bowl I promised Martin to mend for him."
	Jonathan frowned and didn't loose her arm.
	"Where's Martin's son?"
	Angelia checked the pieces in the box. Seeing that there was no additional damage, and then she said, "he's on a business trip. Not at home."
	Jonathan was stunned and then relieved.
	But after a while, he turned angry again.
	"Why did you run around today?"
	Angelia looked up at him.
	"What did you want to see me about?"
	Jonathan thought of the bunch of roses which left in the garbage can.
	There was a long silence.
	He couldn't open his mouth at all. Looking for her is to compensate her for the things happened in the morning and wanted to invite her to dinner. Also, he wanted to give her that bunch of flowers.
	Jonathan was upset, so he casually found a reason.
	"Angela Felix was in hospital. I hoped you can visit her."
	So it was.
	Angelia, who had some expectations, calmed down.
	"I won't go."
	After rejecting him, she went straight back to the bedroom.
	Jonathan stood here, and the expression on his face was obscure.
	His cell phone rang abruptly in the dark.
	He took it out to see that it was a call from the hospital.
	He frowned and finally answered the call.
	"Hello."
	The nurse's anxious voice came over the phone.
	"Mr. Miller, Miss Felix didn't cooperate with the treatment and insist on leaving the hospital. We couldn't stop her at all."
	Jonathan pinched his eyebrows implied she caused him headache.
	"Let her out of the hospital."
	Angela was just a calf bruise, there was no need to be hospitalized.
	"But she said she wanted to see you."
	Jonathan slowly exhaled a breath and suppressed his irritability.
	"I'll come to the hospital right now."
	The next day, As soon as Angelia got up, she felt something different.
	Usually at this time, she could hear the gardener weeding outside. But it's very quiet outside today.
	She went downstairs doubtfully. Before she arrived, she heard someone talking in the living room.
	"Tell the gardener to weed at another time later. It's so noisy that I can't have a good rest."
	After Angelia went downstairs, she saw Angela sitting on the sofa. With gauze around one leg, she directed the housekeeper and the cook.
	"Isn't breakfast ready yet? I'm starving to death."
	"Where's my juice? Have you squeezed it yet?"
	The servants were bustling about in disorder under her command.
	In just one night, the layout of the living room changed.
	"What happened?"
	Angela glanced at her and took a sip of juice.
	"The layout of the room was not elegant, so I ordered them to change overnight."
	Angelia frowned. Seeing Steward's sad face, she told him to stop this work.
	"Why are you in the house?"
	Angela stood up and gave her a proud glance.
	It was Jonathan who cared about my injury and inconvenient living alone, so let me move in and take care of me."
	After that, she asked the cook to help her to the dining room.
	Angelia looked at her leg.
	"Isn't it just bruises?"
	"Yes, but Jonathan feel sorry for me. I'm just a little hurt, and he arrange too many people catering to me."
	Angelia saw Angela ordering the cook to take food for her, so she turned to ask the housekeeper.
	"Where's Jonathan?"
	"He has gone to the company."
	The housekeeper sighed. Now he finally knew what the gap between the heaven and the earth was.
	Just in this morning, his old bones were falling apart.
	In contrast, Miss Hunk was really gentle and kind hostess.
	Angelia did not speak and sat down opposite Angela quietly.
	Angela glanced at her.
	"Hey. Pass me the water."
	Angelia ignored her.
	Bang!
	Angela kicked the table.
	Angelia's action paused for a moment and picked up the water cup next to her.
	Angelia smiled with satisfaction and reached out her hand.
	"Give me."
	Angelia stared at her and handed the cup to her mouth. Drunk it all.
	"I'm full."
	She wiped her mouth. Then stood up and turned away.
Chapter64 Miss You
	“Damn!”
	Angela stared at Angelia's back, then kicked the table leg furiously.
	The table shook violently, and the breakfast on the plate which placed on it spilled out.
	Angela snapped, "Anyone here? Give me another one! I can't eat it."
	The cook came with a shudder, and changed a new one for her quickly.
	After Angela lived in here these days, Steward and the cook were bitter by her demands.
	But no one dared to complain to Ji Jonathan, because everyone knew that Jonathan loved her very much.
	Angelia packed her things and went downstairs, then she saw Angela and Jonathan sitting together in the living room.
	Angela were leafing through the book in her hands while she saw Angelia. Then she leaned on Jonathan with a smile.
	"Jonathan, when will we make a start? Remember to give me a VIP card."
	"I've ordered them to get ready."
	Jonathan looked at Angelia but frowned.
	Why?
	Isn't she angry with Angela for she lived in?
	Jonathan had thought that she would be dissatisfied and jealous. One day, two days, three days later, everything went on normally.
	In contrast, he began to feel uneasy.
	Why isn't she angry at all?
	Even if she didn't love him, she just wanted The Miller's property. Shouldn't she quarrel with him?
	But she didn't say nothing.
	Jonathan suddenly realized that they hadn't communicated with each other for three days.
	He felt uneasy again.
	He saw Angelia was going to walk out and suddenly stood up without thinking.
	"Wait there!"
	"The opening ceremony will be held today. Come with us."
	Angelia turned her head and looked at them. She was about to begin to open her mouth.
	Jonathan seemed to have guessed what she was going to say, so he interrupted her and said, "the lounge and top floor of this mall were designed by you. You can go and see the effect."
	He had just finished, Angela continued with a smile.
	"Yes. I don't mind you coming with us. "
	She looked at Angelia with pride. Threatening her fiercely when Jonathan didn't notice her.
	Angelia drew back her sight.
	"No, thanks. Today I will sort out relics in Spencer's house."
	Jonathan frowned.
	"What's great about that?"
	At this time, Angela came over.
	"Forget it, Jonathan. Maybe she doesn't like to go with us."
	He caught something else in her words.
	She'd rather be with the old men over a pile of scrap metal than with him?
	Jonathan's face became sullen immediately.
	"It's up to you. But I remind you that don't forget who you are!"
	He turned and walked straight for the door, leaving her behind.
	"Don't let me hear rumors from others someday in the future!"
	Angela walked behind him. When passing by Angelia, she lowered her voice.
	"You'd better stay away from Jonathan, or I'll tell him you posing as Claudia Hunk at any time."
	After they left, Angelia stood for a while and then walked out slowly.
	Spencer's car was waiting for her outside, so she rushed into the car.
	It seemed to have heard that she is coming to Spencer's house. Martin and other people also brought their own antiques to his home for Angelia to appreciate.
	Angelia had seen more antiques here these days than in the past ten years. And her analysis sounded professional.
	Compared with the busy opening ceremony, the occasion made her comfortable.
	Angelia talked with Martin and others about the appreciation and maintenance of cultural relics all the afternoon. It was evening before they knew it.
	Spencer contentedly held his new collection—a cage cup and waved hands.
	"Don’t worry. I'll order a driver to send you back. "
	The car drove out of Spencer's house and went through the city. Many people not far away gathered in the square.
	As soon as the car passed, guns thundered out a salute and fireworks bloomed in the sky.
	Angelia looked outside and saw that flowers placed on both sides of the shopping mall.
	"Is this a new mall?"
	The driver said with a smile, "Yes, it belongs to M.I. group. It's said that they also invited stars to support the ceremony."
	So, Jonathan and Angela are here.
	A thought flashed into Angelia's mind.
	"Stop here. I want to go down and have a look."
	"But we haven't got to your home yet, and there's still a long way to go," the driver said in surprise.
	"It doesn't matter."
	The driver stopped suspiciously. Before he spoke, Angelia opened the door and left.
	The square was crowded with people.
	The huge gun salute set up on the top floor of the shopping mall were blooming fireworks.
	Angelia walked into the mall with the crowd, and then she heard a group of people screaming.
	She looked up and saw someone performing on the stage nearby.
	Is this the star the driver told her about?
	Angelia took a look and turned to walk to the elevator.
	The mall was crowded with people. Angelia looked at the layout of each floor. She found that different styles of rest areas were placed on both sides of each floor. Now there were several children playing there.
	On the top floor.
	After finishing his final inspection, Jonathan came out of the office.
	Angela, who was waiting outside, bought amounts of commodities, so she asked staff to send them to the place where she lived now.
	As soon as she saw Jonathan, she ran to him and took his hand.
	"Jonathan, do you finish your work?"
	Jonathan handed the last document to Truman Bell to and ordered him to send it to the manager's office.
	"Send it and have a rest."
	Bell nodded and glanced at Angela who was waiting for Jonathan.
	Although Angela was the person who has been looked for 12 years by Jonathan, he couldn't understand it.
	Why did he spend his energy looking for such a person?
	She was worse than Miss Hunk.
	He murmured in his heart, but said nothing. Then he turned and left.
	Jonathan then turned to look at Angela and explained, "the new mall needs to deal with a lot of things."
	Angela began to complain him.
	"Are you finished now? I'm so hungry and I ate nothing before."
	Jonathan saw the time. Indeed, it's late.
	"Come on, let's go to dinner now."
	They took the elevator. From the transparent elevator wall, they could clearly see the crowd in the mall.
	Angela looked around and suddenly saw Angelia in the corner, so her sight became fierce.
	Why was she here?
	Jonathan saw a familiar figure. He was about to figure out who it was, but Angela
	"Jonathan, does the necklace I bought yesterday look good?"
	Jonathan glanced at it and said casually, "not bad."
	He pushed Angela away, but found that the figure disappeared.
	On the other side. Angelia finally came to the top floor, but the security guard at the door stopped her.
	Bell who came back from manager's office recognized her.
	"Miss Hunk, why are you here?"
	Angelia looked and recognized him who was Jonathan's special assistant.
	"Is Mr. Miller there?"
	Bell was stunned for a moment, and said regretfully, "he had left with Miss Felix just now."
Chapter 65 She is Mine
	They had left.
	Angelia was a little disappointed.
	Bell didn't have the heart to see her disappointment.
	"They just left. If you call them now, you can catch up."
	"No, thanks."
	Angelia shook her head and smiled. She said something else, "The design of the mall is very good. Just now, I heard that many people said they were satisfied."
	"Thank you. And thanks to your help."
	Angelia shook her hand to show her modesty and turned to the elevator.
	After coming down from the top floor, she sat on a bench beside the square and did not go home immediately.
	The fireworks bloomed in the night sky every once in a while, and she became addicted to it.
	At this time, a man with a cap suddenly ran out of the crowd.
	Before Angelia had reacted, the man bent down and dived directly into the flowers behind her.
	Angelia was scared and ready to run away, but he suddenly grabbed her clothes.
	"Shush. Don't tell anyone I'm here."
	As soon as he finished, she saw several fanatical fans running after him.
	They looked around with fluorescent lights and human figures, but they couldn't find the man. So, they went straight to Angelia.
	"Did you see Echo Bello passing by?"
	Angelia glanced at the a humanoid upright-card and then shook her head.
	"Echo Bello? I don’t know him."
	They looked at them with scorn.
	"Why don't you know him? Fine, let's go there. I must get his autograph this time!"
	A group of people left companionably.
	After a while, Angelia whispered to the person behind her, "they have gone."
	Then she noticed someone coming up behind her and sitting next her.
	Angelia turned her head and met his gaze.
	He raised his head slightly to show his face under his cap.
	A smile on the face, which voted by netizens as the most charming face of the 21st century, was even brighter than the fireworks in the night sky.
	The stars and moon were overshadowed by him.
	"We met again."
	Angelia looked at him.
	Although she had known that her friend in the orphanage had become a star. But when she really met him, she couldn't believe it.
	She was stunned for a moment, and quickly looked away for fear of being recognized by him.
	"They have left. You should go back quickly."
	She didn't expect him to come forward instead of leaving. He put his face in front of Angelia's eyes, and his expression was distressed.
	"You know me, really?"
	Angelia was scared, so she stepped back and looked at him with wide eyes.
	"No, I know you."
	Angelia was a little nervous. Because Bello was different from the children in the orphanage, who would not have intersection with The Miller. So, she didn't have to worry about exposing her real identity.
	But Bello was different. He was invited to perform today.
	However…
	Angelia looked at him again. It seemed that he didn't recognize her.
	Bello suddenly laughed and sat back.
	"I need have a rest. You know, I just came down from the 10th floor to avoid the fans."
	As he spoke, he breathed a great sigh of relief and seemed to still be afraid.
	Angelia found that he really didn't recognize her, so she slowly became relax.
	"They chase you because they like you."
	"Then they couldn't go into the men's toilet with me. Other men were scared by them." He spoke as if it had happened just now.
	Angelia couldn't help laughing.
	Bello said again, "In fact, if I hadn't heard that this is The Miller's shopping mall, I would not come to perform."
	"Why?"
	"Do you know the Sunshine Orphanage in a suburban town?"
	Angelia was stunned and looked away with guilt.
	"I'm not sure."
	Bello stared at her and said, "that orphanage is going to be demolished. I heard that The Miller and The Hunk cooperated to transform it into a villa group. I want to buy the orphanage."
	Angelia bowed her head and said nothing.
	He went on, "I used to be in this orphanage for two years, and I have deep feelings for it. In fact, because of it, I shifted my focus of career this time."
	"Oh."
	Angelia said in a low voice, "you have found the wrong person. The person who cooperated with The Hunk is not Jonathan, but The Miller. They are different."
	"Isn't it him?"
	"Yes." Angelia raised her head and asked curiously, "do you think they will give up the whole project for an orphanage?"
	Bello said firmly," human effort can achieve anything."
	"Anything?"
	Angelia looked at him. She never thought that, in addition to herself, there was the other person trying to protect the orphanage.
	At this moment, she suddenly felt that she was not alone.
	The light was shining on her face. Her eyes which as bright as stars were shining with light.
	Bello was so excited that he reached out his hand unconsciously and slowly approaches her hand.
	More and more closer…
	"Claudia Hunk!"
	A furious voice suddenly appeared behind them!
	Angelia was startled and looked back quickly.
	The person behind her were angry. His hands clenched into fists and looked at her coldly.
	He glanced at Bello beside him. Grinding his teeth, he began to speak word by word.
	"What are you doing here?"
	Bello quickly took his hand back and turned to Jonathan with a kind smile.
	"Mr. Miller, I'm Echo Bello. We are..."
	"I didn't ask you!"
	Jonathan harshly interrupted him. Then he looked at Angelia fiercely and approached her step by step.
	"I thought you said you are too busy to come here and you planned to go to Spencer's house."
	When he came to Angelia, the air around him seemed to be instantly frozen by the cold anger from him.
	Angelia couldn't move.
	Jonathan grabbed her hand and forced Angelia to raise her head.
	"What did I remind you this morning?"
	Bello frowned and saw that Angelia's face turned pale. Then he grasped Jonathan's arm.
	"Release her!"
	Jonathan's anger was instantly ignited by his word, and then exploded.
	"Mind your own business! She is my wife."
	Bello raised his voice discontentedly.
	"She’s…"
	But as soon as he opened his mouth, he stopped reluctantly.
	He couldn't expose Angelia's identity!
	Jonathan sneered and hugged Angelia's waist.
	"She's mine!"
	He bowed his head and kissed Angelia's lips.
	His aggressive kiss seemed to brand her with his mark!
	Jonathan oppressed her. There was no gap between their bodies, and he kept asking for her kiss.
	It seemed that only in this way can he hide his scare and fear.
	"Bang!"
	Fireworks bloomed behind the couple, lighting up the whole night sky!
	Jonathan bit Angelia's lower lip and spoke like an oath.
	"She's Mrs. Miller. You'd better stay away from her!"
	Bello stood aside. Until Angelia was taken away by Jonathan, his hands tightly clenched into fists!
	She's neither Mrs. Miller nor Claudia Hunk.
Chapter 66 The Woman Must Belong to Him
	Jonathan Miller was in blue and seemed to be considerably outraged.
	He has originally left the mall. Nevertheless, something missing in his mind made him feels ill at ease.
	Though Angela Felix urged him to go home all the time, he merely called the driver to bring her home. On the contrary, he was back to the mall.
	What he didn’t expect was that he saw Angelia Wilson sitting very closely with a man.
	She said to him that she was about to Katy’s house, but she right now was watching fireworks with a man?
	Jonathan could hardly restrain his fury.
	He tugged Angelia to walk outside. As long as he thought about the look Angelia showing to the man, he was filled with extreme rage inwardly.
	The look was that he’d never seen before.
	However, Angelia gazed at that man like that!
	Jonathan was disconsolate, throwing Angelia into the car. Then, he bent down to the car and put her on the back of the car.
	Her hand was painful due to his grabbing, but she was terrified of his unprecedented anger.
	“What the hell are you gonna do?”
	The wide chest tightened her. She could feel that everywhere was occupied with his whiff of danger.
	He reached out and pulled Angelia’s hands which were against his chest, and pressed them on her head.
	“I think, I should let you know what your identity really is. Apparently, I've been so kind to you during this period.”
	All of sudden, Angelia Wilson understood what the words meant, eyes wide open. Then she began struggling violently.
	“Jonathan Miller, stop! Don’t do that! You... Uh...”
	Her mouth was gagged by his tongue, just like the man’s punishment, which rendered her struggle crazily.
	But her acting ignited his rage once more.
	He pressed Angelia’s body so tightly that they could feel each other’s temperature clearly through the thin cloth.
	Her lips and teeth were occupied by the tip of his tongue. Jonathan Miller was obsessed with her sweet and warm taste, but it was not enough!
	Not enough!
	The woman must belong to him!
	Only him!
	A sound of clash...
	Her white dress was broken along with the sound. Jonathan’s eyes were red and like he went crazy.
	The cold air met skin, which made her flesh creep.
	Angelia was stunned for a minute, and then she kept struggling in a crazy way.
	“Jonathan Miller! Leave me alone! Please stop!”
	Jonathan grasped her chin and the anger flamed in his deep eyes.
	“You’re my wife, the woman in law. If you don’t do that with me, who you’d like with?”
	He inclined his head to kiss her neck, grinding his teeth.
	Angelia closed her eyes and gave up struggling, but tears was running down from the tails of her eyes into her temples.
	Jonathan noticed something strange and looked up.
	Her tears rankled in his mind instantaneously.
	It felt like being pricked by a tiny needle but had no any trace of it, which hurt a lot.
	“Why are you crying?”
	After hearing this, Angelia could not bear anymore. She just covered her eyes with hands and cried softly to herself.
	But she cried so miserably. Gradually, Angelia can’t help bursting into tears.
	The clothes she worn before was torn to shreds, which made her fair skin and sexy body expose to air. It was attractive.
	But at this point, she curled up just like a kid.
	Jonathan was hurt by the scene, feeling so many mixed emotions.
	He took off his jacket and covered her body with frowning fretfully.
	“I send you back.”
	He got back and stared the car. Nevertheless, the sob came to his ears from time to time, which made him restless and concerned inwardly.
	Back in his house, he just got out of the car. Steward just walked out to welcome his arrival.
	“Mr. Miller, you’re back...”
	Not finishing talking, he saw Angelia come out from the back seat. His perfect etiquette that he kept remaining was shattered.
	“What happened?”
	He hurried up to her. Though she worn a coat, it was clearly to see that her clothes were torn and hanging on her body.
	And her eyes were red and swollen. The weepy eyes were conspicuous when she got off the car.
	At first sight, it was easy for people to associate with something horrible.
	His expression changed over and over again and he considered for a long time.
	“Ms. Wilson, are... are you okay?”
	Angelia did not answer, but Jonathan uttered some words.
	“Go get something to eat.”
	Steward glanced at Jonathan and Angelia from time to time.
	“Yes, Mr. Miller.”
	After Steward left, Angelia moved to house slowly.
	Jonathan followed her silently.
	Her dress hung in rags, along with few pieces of cloth, which reminded what he’d done before all the time.
	Jonathan was restless with frown.
	He told himself that he just wanted to teach her lesson, and that was all.
	Moreover, it was reasonable because she was his wife.
	However, no matter how many excuses he used, the concern he had in his mind just could not vanish away.
	Although Angelia’s pace was slow, but she was absent-minded
	A piece of her cloth which she didn’t notice fell to the ground. Then she stepped on it so that measured her length uncontrollably.
	Jonathan behind her paid much attention to her.
	He just firsthand rushed to her when Angelia’s feet was on it. Fortunately, he hold her and picked her up.
	As soon as she touched him, she looked so terrified as if she had met a horrible monster. Then she quickly disentangled herself from his arms.
	Jonathan pursed his mouth and his vision darkened slightly.
	“Don't move.”
	He rumbled out an order, and she was too frightened to move instantly.
	However, Jonathan felt worse and he turned more furious.
	He squatted down and tore apart the rags’ s fragments that lied on the ground with a poker face.
	He stood up until he had made sure that those rags would not trip him up.
	“Go in.”
	After saying this, she quickly went in and slammed the door.
	Boom...
	Steward came here, taking the well-cooked porridge. He saw Jonathan stood near the door just like a stone.
	“Mr. Miller, food is ready.”
	Jonathan just reached out hid hand but the hand clenched into a fist and snatched back due to the scene that she was so afraid of him.
	“Let the female cook send it in.”
	After saying this, he turned around and left.
	The housekeeper gazed after him confusingly and he still cant figure out what on earth happened.
	The next day, Jonathan sat in the dining room for a long time.
	Before this time, he had already gone to the company. But today, he just sat there and didn’t intend to leave.
	Angela Felix urged Jonathan to go to the company for a long while, but he turned a deaf ear to him.
	After waiting about half an hour, he finally stood up.
	He looked at the corner of staircase and found her was standing there almost ten minutes. But she didn’t want to come downstairs.
	Jonathan pursed his lip and went out with a grim face.
	“I’m leaving now.”
	The woman near the upstairs relieved to hear this.
	Waiting all the people leaving, she just trod slightly and cautiously down to the dining hall.
	What she didn’t see was that Jonathan who should have gone turned around and came back.
	He didn’t go inside but just stood in front of window, watching Angelia going downstairs. Then, he finally left without concern.
Chapter 67 A New Classmate, Angelia Felix
	After finishing breakfast, Steward and the driver took her to school.
	Steward was still haunted by the look Angelia Wilson was back last night. Seeing her getting off the car, he gave her a little box.
	“Ms. Wilson, take this please. For emergency needs.”
	Angelia opened the box with confusion, finding a female self-defense taser inside.
	“Why you give me this?”
	Steward replied with earnest advice, “In case of emergency.”
	Angelia felt speechless. It turned out that he didn’t know that her broken dress was Jonathan Miller’s works.
	In case of what? Jonathan Miller was the very one she should step up her vigilance.
	But it was Steward’s kindness.
	“Thank you.”
	Angelia smiled and put the box away. Then she turned and walked to the classroom.
	Steward watched her back with a deep sigh.
	Even though he had certain misunderstandings of Angelia when she married with Jonathan. But after this period he spent with her, he had learned that Mr. Miller’s wife was not so bad after all.
	But Steward just didn't know when Mr. Miller would figure out.
	Angelia put the taser into her bag. Taken a seat in the classroom, the head teacher came in.
	He clapped his hands and raised his voice, his face beaming with joy.
	“Guys, we have a new transfer student today. Though she missed the beginning at school, you guys will spent time together in next four years. Applause please. Welcome our new classmate--Angela Felix.”
	Angelia looked up suddenly when she heard those words, sorting out her books.
	Angela came in, dressing in heel and the cowherd shirt.
	She stood on the platform, looking around the classroom with scorn.
	“Hi, I’m Angela Felix.”
	Hearing this, everyone quieted themselves.
	Everyone knew that the anecdote that was increasingly discussed recently. It was said that Jonathan had a new sweetheart who was called Angela Felix outside. They always got together everyday.
	They merely heard the name but never seen her before. At first glance, today, they were looking at Angelia.
	Angela was really bold so that she deliberately transferred in the class where Jonathan’s wife studied. Knowing where she was, thus, it was totally an obvious provocation.
	Everyone wanted to see how Angelia would react.
	Unexpectedly, she did nothing.
	Apparently, Mr. Li didn't notice the strange atmosphere at all and still tried to break the ice with a radiant smile.
	“Angela Felix, pick one position you like, time to begin class.”
	“Cool.”
	Angela Felix went down straight to the position Angelia Wilson was near at carrying her own stuffs without thinking. She put down the books down heavily.
	“That’s my place.”
	She turned to look at Angelia Wilson with a smile.
	“Angelia, am I under the wings of you, right?”
	Angelia replied nothing. The classroom was full of dead silence.
	Mr. Li laughed mirthlessly and opened her book.
	“All right, guys, let's get started.”
	Angela sat down and got near to Angelia Wilson.
	She smiled and said to her in whispers, “We are in the same school again, Angelia Wilson.”
	Angelia was suddenly frozen, along with reflecting memories of long ago.
	Angela used to bully her and she enjoyed it. When they were in the orphanage, the dean got Angelia’s back.
	Since they were in school, she tended to be more extravagant without the dean’s protection.
	At the end of junior high school, she can’t go into a senior high school due to her bad grades. Nevertheless, Angelia was admitted to a senior high school and finally got rid off Angela Felix. Thus, she could live a undisturbed life in three years.
	Three years later, what she didn’t expect that was that they were in a classroom again.
	But this time, she would not let Angela bully her any more.
	Angelia waited quietly for a morning, but Angela took no action.
	In the afternoon, Angelia was puzzled, but she dared not to relax in the class.
	The teacher tapped the knowledge points on the blackboard on the platform.
	“Take out your books, guys, and turn to page 68.”
	Angelia reached out her hand in the desk and touched something strange which made her flesh creepy!
	Fluffy, and alive!
	She tried hard to restrain the scream from her throat and her hands trembled slightly
	Judging by what often Angela’ d done before, she could make sure what it was in the drawer.
	Even so, she was still terrified.
	Angela sat aside and took pleasure in watching her next movement.
	Angelia took a deep breath, and reached out her hands again to bring the book out very carefully.
	Dozens of colorful caterpillars was lying on the big textbook concerning economics.
	Big and fat caterpillars with long fur moved every inch, and the fur would follow with the shake.
	The cold sweat ran from her forehead in an instant.
	Angela was hardly able to restrain her shaking hands.
	Such like this trick was not the first time for her to play.
	She often threw caterpillars in her drawer, schoolbag, even threw them on her face when she was asleep!
	She always screamed and ran away countless times.
	But at this time, she can’t fail, though she was quite afraid.
	Angelia’s face turned a little bit pale and she even dared not to see it again.
	She took the book towards Angela’s face and threw the book forcibly.
	Dozens of the caterpillars fell down on the Angela’s desk like a rain.
	At this point, Angela was waiting Angelia’s scream because she believed that she could not fail.
	But a long while, she did not hear any sound and then she turned around. Just then, the colorful caterpillars came into her sight. Some of them were crawling on her hands.
	“Ah!”
	Angela uttered an abrupt scream and moved back quickly. But she was tripped down because of the chair behind and plunked herself down to the ground.
	“What have you done?”
	The rest of caterpillars were down to the ground because of her flinging.
	“Your stuffs, need to give back to you.”
	Angela just can’t believe what happened, staring at her.
	In the past, Angelia could freak out on account of this kind of insect.
	She could definitely cried all night if she throw a caterpillar on her face.
	Now she was not afraid of it?
	Angela clinched her teeth and stood up with sardonic laugh.
	“This is the present I bought to you. I thought you’d like it. It turned out that you didn’t like it. I will send you something else next time.”
	Angelia recalled Angela’s tricks before, and she clinched her fist secretly.
	“Keep it for yourself.”
	But Angela didn’t stop. When Angelia walked, Angela thrust her leg suddenly in order to make Angelia fall.
	As long as Angelia was out after class, she could find that her books were lying in the ground and upturned desk when she was back.
	When carrying the sports instruments in P.E. class, she was locked in the equipment room.
	Just like before, those were all Angela’s old tricks.
	But she was well-prepared to fight back.
	The leg which was intended to render her stumble would be neglected and
	When Angela tried to trip her down, she avoided it or pretended that she didn’t notice stepped on it.
	Angelia would not pick up the books but wait until the teacher arrived, and requested the school find out who had done this by watching the monitoring.
	When locked in the equipment room, Angelia would phone Steward and wait quietly.
	However,
	However, Angelia was still panic when she was blocked in the corner of classroom building by some bad guys brought by Angela.
	In the orphanage, Angelia hit her before.
	Angelia was taken to the hospital due to this.
Chapter 68 I Want to Move Out
	Angelia took a step back, she didn’t expect that Angela would dare to ambush her after school.
	There were students passing by around, and when they saw them they ran away quickly, and no one dared to mess with them.
	“What do you guys want?”
	“Are you scared? Weren’t you great before?”
	Angela came over, with her arms crossing over her chest, then she gave her a push.
	“Aren’t you afraid of nothing?”
	Angelia frowned, her back was slammed to the wall in pain.
	“What are you going to do? Steward is still waiting for me outside, if I’m late, he’ll come in to look for me.”
	Angela’s expression twisted instantly.
	“Are you trying to threaten me?”
	“I’m just telling truth, or do you think that it is fine even that Jonathan knows about this?”
	Angelia looked at her and her gaze fell on the people behind Angela.
	“Aren’t you guys afraid of getting the same ending as Doris?”
	Her voice raised up with oppressive aura.
	They were shocked as when Doris offended Angelia last time, her family’s company was acquired by M.I under Jonathan’s name within a few days, and Doris also withdrew from school.
	This incident was still fresh in their minds, and they suddenly hesitated when they heard Angelia’s words.
	“Don’t fall for it. She’s just scaring you guys!”
	Angela turned over and glared at Angelia and gritted her teeth.
	“I’ve seen enough of her tricks!”
	She kicked Angelia as soon as she finished her words.
	Angelia didn’t expect her sudden move, and she quickly dodged it but she failed to, and was kicked until she fell a few steps backward, her knee was hurt as if it was cracking.
	Angelia’s face turned pale, and cold sweat oozed out.
	Angelia quietly pursed her lips and looked up, her sharp gaze pierced through Angela.
	Angela was scared by her gaze, she suddenly grabbed on Angelia’s hair.
	“I’ll teach you a lesson today!”
	She raised her palm and was about to slap on Angelia’s face.
	However, before her hand reached Angelia, she suddenly stopped.
	In the quiet corner, a barely audible noise of electric charges was heard.
	Angela was stiffened in place, with a stun gun placing on her belly.
	Angelia’s face was pale, with her hands trembling slightly, but her gaze was unprecedentedly determined.
	“Ouch! It’s hurt! How dare you!”
	The next second, Angela screamed out and fell to the ground.
	Angelia was holding the stun gun, she was a little messed up, but her face was very calm.
	The remaining people were staring at her in shock, no one dared to approach her.
	It was quiet and only Angela’s screams could be heard.
	Angelia withdrew her hand, picked up her bag on the floor, and wiped of the sweat on her face.
	“I’m going back.”
	After saying that, she walked over.
	Those who were blocking her way moved aside, no one dared to stop her.
	Angelia only sensed the fear in her heart when she walked a hundred meters away.
	If Steward didn’t give her the stun gun, she couldn’t imagine what was going to happen on her today.
	Steward couldn’t wait anymore and entered the school to look for her.
	He quickly rushed over when he saw Angelia.
	“Ms. Hunk, what’s the matter with you? What’s going on?”
	Angelia’s face was a little pale, although it was unable to perceive what had happened from her appearance, her gaze was a little odd.
	Only then she slowly relieved and gave him a light smile.
	“I’m fine, let’s go home.”
	Getting in the car, Angelia looked at her trembling right hand, and she held it with her left hand tightly.
	“Steward, thanks for your gift today.”
	Steward gave her a suspicious glance through the rear view mirror.
	“Lady should learn to protect yourself.”
	Angelia turned over and looked outside the window.
	“Yes, I will.”
	On the other side, Angela finally recovered and stood up with the help of others.
	Her legs were weak that she could barely stand, but her facial expression was very fierce and distorted.
	“I’ll definitely kill her! I’m going to make her pay for it!”
	Late night.
	In the quiet living room, Angelia didn’t go to rest but sitting straight on the sofa waiting.
	Steward was standing beside, wondering why Angelia wasn’t in the right state since she came home today.
	The car’s headlights shone through the window and door.
	Jonathan got off from the car and walked in with a cold face.
	He had been avoiding Angelia for the past few days.
	Angelia didn’t want to see him either, and he also couldn’t figure out what’s in his heart.
	The woman in the house now had used dirty trick to force him to marry her.
	He clearly knew that what this woman appeared to be was not her true self at all.
	But, why did he couldn’t help but concern about her?
	Couldn’t help but want to see her?
	Even when he saw her crying, his heart ached.
	He had found Angela who he had waited for twelve years.
	According to his plan, he supposed to get rid of Claudia as soon as possible and brought Angela in.
	But when the thought of Angelia disappearing from his sight and be with another man, he couldn’t suppress his bursting anger!
	This was not what he expected!
	What kind of spell did this woman cast on him?
	Jonathan walked in and asked Steward as usual.
	“Is she asleep?”
	It was clear that he was the owner of the castle, but he had to leave before she woke up every morning, and came home when she fell asleep.
	And the funny thing was that, every day after he left, he couldn’t help but returned to stand in front of the window, and took a look at her only then he would leave.
	Jonathan knew that there was something wrong with him, but there was nothing he could do about it!
	If he kept sitting in the living room, she probably won’t come down all day, would she?
	Even she accidentally saw him, she ran away immediately.
	He didn’t even dare to try when he thought of the slight hatred and disgust might appear in her eyes.
	He’s going crazy!
	When he just stepped in, Steward said, “Ms. Hunk is in the living room.”
	Jonathan paused, and he was almost about to flee.
	He turned over and intended to go back to the car and wait a little longer.
	Steward then said, “She’s waiting for you.”
	Jonathan frowned.
	“Waiting for me for what?”
	“I’m not sure, but Ms. Hunk had been sitting in the living room since this afternoon.”
	Jonathan pondered for a moment and finally turned back and walked in.
	Angelia was sitting on the sofa, she turned over when she heard the sound of footsteps.
	No screaming, no running away.
	Good.
	Jonathan said in his heart, his face was tense as he walked over and stopped at a place three steps away from her.
	This way, she shouldn’t be afraid, right?
	He pondered in his mind, but he was slightly dissatisfied.
	Why did he have to be so sensitive and careful in order to take care of her feelings?
	Jonathan frowned, but this made his face looked more serious, even like he was angry.
	“What do you want from me?”
	He tried to sound gentler but he ended up sounded unnatural.
	Realizing this, he was even more dissatisfied.
	However, Angelia didn’t care about it.
	She said slowly, “I want to move out.”
Chapter 69 He Doesn’t Eat Fish
	“I want to move out.”
	Even Steward was startled by her words.
	He never expected that Angelia would want to discuss about this with Sir.
	The thought within Jonathan’s heart sank instantly, his expression changed abruptly.
	He raised his head suddenly and stared at Angelia.
	“Say it again.”
	Angelia had made up her mind.
	“I’ve enquired the school, Phillips College did provide accommodation, I’ve applied for a dorm, and it should be approved in two days.”
	Jonathan’s gaze was deep and deadly stared at Angelia.
	“Steward, leave now.”
	Steward was shocked, and moved forward in a hurry.
	He knew that the calmer Jonathan acted, the angrier he was.
	He was a little worried about Angelia.
	“Sir…”
	“I said LEAVE NOW!” Jonathan scolded again.
	Steward frowned, looking at Angelia helplessly, but he eventually bowed his head.
	“Yes, sir.”
	The door was closed from the outside, the living room was so quiet that the air froze.
	Jonathan slowly exhaled, trying to suppress his anger, but it wasn’t effective.
	“Why? Give me a reason.”
	Angelia replied firmly, “I want to stay at school.”
	“Impossible!” Jonathan declined sternly.
	“Didn’t you try everything possible to enter the gate of the Millers family? Now that you’re in, you still want to leave?”
	He grabbed her, and the image of Angelia sitting with that man at the square before suddenly flashed out in his mind.
	He had investigated, and that man was the most popular celebrity now.
	Was she going to dump him just because she had hooked up with someone better?
	Dreaming!
	Jonathan’s pupils instantly shrank and burst into angry flames.
	He squeezed her wrist as if it would hold her tightly.
	“You think this is a place where you can come and leave wherever you want?”
	Angelia frowned, wondering what exactly Jonathan was persistent for.
	“It’s redundant for me to stay here, so why live together if we’re tired of seeing each other?”
	Jonathan leaned in close and gritted his teeth.
	“Even if I’m sick of it, I’m going to look at you, I’m not going to let you get away from my sight!”
	Angelia was frightened by his fierce gaze and looked at him in fear.
	Jonathan sneered, his voice was deliberately lowered with a strong threat in it.
	“You want to move to the school so that you can enjoy your life with someone else?”
	“Then I tell you, that’s impossible! Your application won’t be approved! Never! Not in a million years! Because I’m the one who is in charge of the Phillips College, and you can’t go against my will!”
	His wide palm cupped Angelia’s cheeks gently, but his tone was harsh.
	“I want you to live the rest of your life in my hands.”
	Angelia shook her head, and grabbed his hand, trying to push him away.
	“Didn’t you already have Angela? Why won’t you leave me alone?”
	Jonathan frowned slightly.
	“Angela? Just because of her?”
	He let go of Angelia, condescendingly looked at the woman who fell on the sofa.
	“If it’s because of this, I’ll let her move out tomorrow. But you, even if you die, you must in front of my sight!”
	He turned over and walked off after finishing his words.
	Angelia sat on the sofa and slowly dropped her head.
	She just didn’t want to get hurt anymore.
	The next day, as soon as Angelia woke up, she saw Steward with people moving out all Angela’s things out.
	“Sir said Ms. Felix’s injuries have healed, so he will let her move out today.”
	He curiously looked at Angelia while talking.
	What exactly happened last night, why did the one who ended up moving out wasn’t Angelia but Angela?
	Angelia glanced at the things being continuously moved out from the guest room, she had a complicated feeling.
	“Where’s Angela?”
	“Ms. Felix seems to be unhappy and has gone out.”
	Steward frowned when he mentioned about Angela, feeling a little dissatisfied.
	This morning, he relayed Sir’s message to Angela, but she refused to move out and even got mad.
	Angela had smashed a lot of things in the room, and she made big fuss and refused to leave.
	But Sir had made up his mind to ask her to leave.
	Angela finally calmed down after she made a scene for more than half an hour, but she ran out again in the blink of eyes.
	But since Sir let her to leave, did that mean that he saw the good side in Angelia?
	Thinking of this, Steward smiled slightly and said, “Ms. Hunk, when we done moving the things, we will start preparing the breakfast.”
	Angelia nodded and turned around to go downstairs.
	Even Aurelia had gone to help moving the things, there’s no one in the kitchen.
	The appetizers were done cutting on the chopping board, and the rice was done washing.
	It was actually getting late, but it seemed like it would take more than one hour to completely move out the things in Angela’s room.
	Angelia walked in the kitchen and cooked the porridge.
	She also plated the appetizer which were ready before one by one.
	By the time Aurelia came in, the porridge was already soft and she was putting the sliced fish in and served it out after cooking for two to three minutes.
	“Oh my, Ms. Hunk, how can you cook yourself?”
	Aurelia ran over and took the spatula from her.
	“It’s okay, I saw that you guys were busy, so I just cooked it randomly, it’s not that hard.”
	Aurelia looked at the fish porridge in the pot and was slightly surprised, “Fish porridge?”
	“What’s wrong? I cooked it when I saw there’s fish in the fridge.”
	Aurelia smiled embarrassedly and said, “Those fish were sent by someone else, and Sir doesn’t eat fish.”
	He doesn’t eat fish?
	Angelia looked at the cutlery in her hands.
	“He’s not yet time to office right, we still have time to cook something else.”
	“Mm.”
	Aurelia laughed out, lowering down her voice and said, “But Sir rarely has breakfast, so maybe he won’t have it today either.”
	After she finished eating a bowl of fish porridge, Steward just happened to walk in and told her that it might be a bit noisy as they would renovate Angela’s room.
	Angelia shook her head indifferently, “It’s alright. I’m going to Martin’s place later.”
	That blue and white porcelain bowl was almost done repairing, she had no class today, so it was just in time to send it back.
	As soon as she went upstairs, Jonathan came to the dining room.
	Aurelia didn’t expect him to have breakfast so sudden today, and quickly said, “Sir, the breakfast is not ready yet.”
	Jonathan took a glance and saw the cutleries on the table.
	“Then what’s this?”
	Aurelia said embarrassedly, “That’s Ms. Hunk homemade fish porridge.”
	Jonathan’ gaze paused on the bowl, he behaved unusually.
	“Serve me a bowl.”
	Aurelia was slightly shocked, this was the first time she heard from Mr. Miller that he wanted to eat something related to fish.
	Steward quickly pushed her a bit, only she came back to sense, and turned over to the kitchen.
	Angelia put the repaired blue and white porcelain bowl back in the box and carefully carried it from upstairs.
	Passing by the dining room, she saw Jonathan enjoying his bowl of fish porridge.
	She didn’t react at that moment, when she stepped outside the door, only she remembered that didn’t Aurelia just mentioned that Jonathan doesn’t eat fish?
Chapter 70 He is Evil
	At Martin’s house, Angelia gave the repaired green flower porcelain bowl to Martin.
	Martin inspected the bowl against the light with his eyes wide open.
	The bowl was repaired very well and the cracks were practically undetectable!
	Martin has heard about this technique but didn’t expect it to be repaired to as good as new.
	“Impressive, extremely impressive!”
	He carefully put the bowl back. When they heard the news, Spencer and Bruno also came to see.
	Anyone who handles antiques will accidentally damage it, no matter how careful they were. Any antique lover’s heart will be hurt if the precious item was damaged.
	Never had he imagined that the broken porcelain bowl can be repaired to as good as new!
	This dark magic technique took their breath away.
	Among them, all of them had some damaged antiques which they can’t bear to discard.
	Now that they saw Angelia, these few old men couldn’t wait to grab her home.
	Of course, Martin could see their intentions and quickly blocked them.
	“Don’t be anxious, she just repaired this bowl. Let her rest for a couple of days. Don’t overwork her.”
	They nodded in unison and looked at Angelia in anticipation while figuring out which of their damaged items should be repaired first.
	They like this but want to repair that. If only Angelia could repair all of them it’ll be perfect!
	As they were pondering, someone walked in and whispered to Martin.
	After Martin heard, he turned to Angelia and said, “Girl, someone’s looking for you.”
	“Who?”
	“Second son of the Millers.”
	Michael Miller?
	Angelia was surprised, how did he know that she was here?
	Martin asked, “If you don’t wish to see him, I’ll get them to drive him away.”
	“It’s alright, let him in.”
	Martin nodded and instructed them and moments later Michael walked in.
	He wore an off-white casual attire and brought a sunny mood. As soon as he entered, he looked around and then at Angelia. He smiled broadly.
	“Claudia, it’s been a long time since we met.”
	Angelia looked at him curiously and asked, “What’s the matter?”
	Michael looked towards Martin and the rest nodded and said, “Mom has some matter to discuss with you.”
	“With me?”
	Angelia pointed to herself and couldn’t imagine that Jennie and Thomson would want her to go over.
	“What about Jonathan?”
	“He’s at the company and mom would have informed him. I was just nearby here and came over to pick you up.”
	Angelia nodded, she was only here to deliver the bowl and had nothing planned for the rest of the day. She agreed to go.
	“Let’s go then.”
	Martin was standing one side and said, “I’ll see you out.”
	When out of the Martin’s house, as Michael went to get the car, Martin spoke. “Girl, must you like Jonathan?”
	Angelia was surprised but didn’t say anything.
	Martin sighed, “That chap is not suitable for you.”
	He was serious and focused, Angelia asked curiously, “Why?”
	“Ask what he had done to the Millers and you’ll understand.”
	Before Martin could clarify, Michael arrived with the car.
	Angelia walked over, Martin held onto her and said seriously, “Anyone but Jonathan. He is evil.”
	He lowered his voice with a horrified expression.
	Angelia was even more curious, but Martin didn’t say further, turned, and left.
	She was still curious when she entered the car.
	“Michael, do you know what happened to Jonathan’s matters?
	Michael laughed and simply said, “Not too sure, I only knew him after ten years old.”
	“Ten years old? Isn’t he your brother?” Angela said in surprise.
	“Kind of.”
	Michael turned his head and looked blank momentarily with a smile. “He is my stepbrother.”
	Angelia was surprised. Though she had felt that Jonathan’s relationship with the Miller family wasn’t ordinary, she never thought that this was the reason because she had never heard about this.
	Michael said,” This isn’t a secret, it’s just not mentioned by many.”
	The car entered the courtyard and reached the main entrance of the Miller residence.
	Michael laughed. “All these are in the past, there is nothing to talk about.”
	After he said, he quickly leaned to Angelia’s side as if he wanted to cling onto her.
	Angelia was stunned and leaned backward.
	Michael helped her undo the seat belt.
	“Get down, lunch is ready.”
	Angelia’s eyes maintained widely opened and quickly opened the car and got out.
	When she entered the house, Jennie was sitting in the sitting room.
	On seeing them come in, she stood up and looked at Angelia. “Come with me.”
	Angelia looked at Michael in surprise and but followed Jennie.
	Jennie took her past the sitting room and into the study room.
	She turned and her eyes turned vicious.
	“Kneel!” Jenny yelled.
	Angelia looked stunned and didn’t know what to do.
	Jennie continued, “I say kneel!”
	“Why? What have I done?”
	“You dare to ask?”
	Jennie closed her fan in her hand and hit Angelia’s shoulder, her glare was even more menacing.
	“Since you married into the Miller family, you must abide by the rules. You are already married and must stay at home. How can you go out and socialize with those men? What a disgrace!”
	Her shoulder hurt and Angelia frowned but didn’t know what she was talking about.
	“I didn’t!”
	“You still dare to deny!”
	She turned and took a few photos from the table and threw them onto Angelia.
	“Look at what these are? You are barely married for a few days and can’t remain resist your urges? I let you get married to Jonathan and not to bring shame into the Miller family!”
	Angelia looked and on the floor were some photos of her sitting beside Echo that evening.
	When were these photos taken?
	Why doesn’t she know about it?
	Jennie laughed coldly.
	“Actually, you can do whatever you want to Jonathan but don’t affect the Miller family.”
	“The son of a whore, even if he wants to look for a woman, he should…”
	Before she could finish, a loud sound came from the direction of the door.
	The study door was kicked open by someone and the sound thundered!
	Jonathan stood at the entrance, furiously looking around the room.
	Jennie’s face went pale and her fan dropped to the floor.
	“You… why are you back?”
	Jonathan walked over in large strides as if he was ready to pounce with each stride. His expression was stern and evil.
	He said in a chilling voice, “I’m here to pick up my wife and go home!” 
Chapter 71 Wanted to Kiss Her
	Jennie stepped backward and hit the table.
	Her eyes were wide open and stared at Jonathan.
	“You, what do you want?”
	Jonathan walked over and looked at the photographs on the floor.
	“I heard that you took my wife and I’m here to look around.”
	He stepped on the photographs.
	“If you have anything to say, say it to me directly.”
	Jennie was pale and pursed her lips as if she wanted to laugh but looked uglier than if she were to cry.
	“You saw it yourself, I’m trying to help you teach her…”
	“What needs to be done are my matters. They’ve got nothing to do with you!”
	Jonathan hit her hand and pulled Angelia by the waist towards him.
	“She’s my wife, I’m the only one who can discipline her.”
	Jonathan looked at her coldly and led Angelia out.
	Outside the room, Michael was standing on one side. He looked inside and frowned.
	“Claudia, you…”
	“You brought her here?” Jonathan looked at him.
	Michael’s eyes were on Angelia.
	Jonathan stepped forward to block Angelia from his direct line of sight.
	“Michael, I warn you, you’d better sort out your thoughts. Don’t even let me catch you a second time.”
	Jonathan forcible grabbed Angelia’s waist and almost lifted her up and walked out in large strides.
	After they left, Michael walked into the study room and frowned when he saw the photos scattered on the floor.
	“Mom, what did you do to Claudia?”
	Jennie came to her senses and when she heard Michael, she became sullen again.
	“Claudia? Tell me, are you under her spell? I should have never allowed her into this family!”
	She pointed to the main door, cursing and swearing.
	“Did you see how Jonathan was? You better not be mesmerized by this woman!”
	Michael rolled his eyes, “Mom, It’s good that Jonathan trusts her. We can also utilize this.”
	“What do you mean?”
	“As long as we make use of Claudia properly, don’t mention the Miller family fortunes, even the MI Group will be ours.”
	Michael revealed his cunning smile. Once he gets the MI group, Claudia will be his as well!
	Outside Miller residence.
	Jonathan took Angelia out and pushed her into the car.
	“Are you stupid?”
	Before Angelia sat properly, the thundering voice kept rolling.
	“He asked you to come and you came? Why can’t you use your brain to think for a moment?”
	He paced around angrily. If he didn’t meet Spencer on his way back who told him that Angelia was picked up by Michael, perhaps he still doesn’t know about this.
	The scene that happened twelve years ago flooded his mind.
	He was so angry that he frowned deeply and kicked the car door.
	The door which normally could only open halfway was kicked totally open and rebounded, leaving a huge bulge.
	Angelia was so frightened that she shuddered and her eyes were wide open in fear. She was scared that Jonathan will shift his rage onto her.
	“Michael said that you will also come back.”
	Jonathan was surprised and his expression changed and his tone softened.
	“Michael said! He said and you believed? Do you disregard what I said?”
	Angelia saw him lift his leg and thought that he was about to lose control again and backed off.
	“Don’t…”
	Her arm touched the chair and Angelia frowned in pain.
	Jonathan was stunned, he bent down and asked, “Did she hit you?”
	Angelia gently nodded.
	“Hit by the fan?”
	Jonathan was in a frenzy as if he was about to shed a tear.
	“She hit you and you just let it happen?
	“I…”
	Before waiting for Angelia to explain, Jonathan said furiously, “if you can’t dodge, then hit her back!”
	“But she is…”
	“Don’t care who she is!”
	Jonathan got into the car angrily, slammed the door, and stepped on the accelerator.
	Angelia was tossed from her seat. Jonathan slowed down but shouted even louder.
	“Don’t you know how to put on your safety belt? How did the instructor teach you?”
	Angelia quickly put on the seat belt. But now Jonathan didn’t speed up. He maintained the speed until he reached his castle.
	Once out of the car, he dragged Angelia up and ordered the butler to bring the ointment.
	Angelia was dragged directly to the bedroom. Jonathan pointed to the bed.
	“Sit down!”
	Angelia did as he said.
	In her mind was how Jonathan kicked the car door. If in his anger he were to kick her, she will definitely have some of her bones broken.
	Jonathan stared at her.
	“Undress!”
	The butler took the ointment and was about to knock on the door when he heard this word and stood still.
	He stood helplessly and stared at the door.
	When did Master and Missus develop to such swift and wild extent?
	It’s not appropriate for him to go into the room now.
	He was conflicted and stood at the door. He can’t help but disagree with what Jonathan was doing.
	He was too fierce and should be more gentle.
	As he was thinking, the door opened suddenly and Jonathan stood with a stern face at the door.
	The butler was shocked and quickly composed himself.
	“Sir.”
	Jonathan stretched out his hand.
	“Give me the ointment.”
	The butler looked down and didn’t dare to look about, afraid that he saw something that he shouldn’t.
	The door was closed and Jonathan turned towards Angelia.
	Seeing her sitting still, he was upset.
	“Undress! Or do I need to do it?”
	Angelia moved backward.
	“You, what do you want?”
	Jonathan walked over and began to undress her.
	Angelia closed her eyes.
	“Jonathan, don’t do that…”
	Jonathan grasped her hands and pulled off her blouse to expose a bruised shoulder.
	He frowned deeply.
	“Are you stupid?”
	He couldn’t help but scold her. The bruise had begun to swell.
	It was a long mark, green and purple, a stark contrast from the surrounding fair and tender skin. She looked so pitiful.
	He lowered his head and pursed his lips and concentrated like it was the most important task in the world.
	The harsh words and now his tender and gentle touch were worlds of difference. He carefully applied the ointment on the bruise.
	Angelia raised her head and was just inches away from Jonathan’s face.
	His face was furious and made her worry if the next moment a slap will land on her.
	But it was this that made him so attractive and handsome.
	Jonathan’s gaze moved and just nice was looking into her eyes.
	Like an innocent deer, she trusted him fully.
	Jonathan’s heart was itchy like a small cat had scratched him.
	He had a sudden urge to kiss her.
	He was clearer than anyone the sweetness of his woman.
	Jonathan came to his senses and threw the ointment onto the bed.
	“Have you learned your lesson? Next time apply it by yourself!”
	After he finished saying, he turned around and walked out of the room. As if he was escaping from something.
Chapter 72 Do You Still Remember Me?
	Angelia inexplicably stared at Jonathan’s back as he left, her cheeks then slowly blushed.
	She picked up the ointment to have a look, only then she noticed that the injuries on her shoulders had all been applied with the ointment.
	The bruises were carefully rubbed with ointment, her skin felt cool but it was heating at the same time.
	Her phone suddenly rang at that moment.
	She picked it up and saw that it was a message from Michael.
	“I’m sorry, I didn’t know that it would turned out to be like that when my mum called you over.”
	Angelia read the message, she was even more curious, what was the relationship between Michael and the Millers.
	The next day, Jonathan came downstairs after Angelia, and walked into the kitchen when he saw her coming out from the kitchen.
	“What’s the breakfast today?”
	Aurelia was cooking a pot of fish porridge as Jonathan acted out of his behaviour and ate fish yesterday, so she tried to cook it once as well.
	When she saw Jonathan came in, she was surprised and happily shared with him, “Sir, you ate fish porridge yesterday, so I have asked the recipe from Ms. Hunk, and tried to cook it once as well.”
	Aurelia was so proud of herself.
	Jonathan took a glance at the porridge in the pot.
	“You cooked it?”
	Aurelia nodded.
	“Ms. Hunk said it was delicious.”
	However, Jonathan looked not interested at all and turned around expressionlessly.
	“I’m going to the office.”
	After saying that, he directly walked out.
	Aurelia stood in the same place, and was unable to react for a moment.
	Angelia just happened to come back. She saw her depressed look and curiously asked, “Aurelia, what’s wrong with you?”
	Aurelia said disappointedly, “just now Sir came in and asked me what was the breakfast in the morning, I told him that it was fish porridge, then he walked off, is it because I didn’t cook well?”
	“I don’t think so, it was delicious, probably because he was hurry to the office.”
	Aurelia stood alone in the kitchen and tasted some fish porridge she cooked.
	“It’s delicious, why wouldn’t Sir like it?”
	As soon as Angelia stepped out and got into the car, Steward handed her a few forms.
	She flipped through them, and there were some activities’ name together with their registration method.
	“What’s this?”
	Steward said, “It’s the Phillips College’s anniversary a few days later, this is the event notice from the school, asking everyone to participate in at least one activity.”
	Anniversary?
	Angelia took a closer look, and it was indeed all school activities, and there were a lot of choices.
	Sports, art and even performance.
	“When is the anniversary?”
	“Five days later.”
	Angelia looked at the wide variety of activities and had a hard time to make a decision.
	Steward smiled, “Miss, the school only encourages participation.”
	In fact, in order to ensure the event ran smoothly, the school authorities certainly forced everyone to participate except Angelia.
	Even if she didn’t participate, no one dare to blame her.
	When Steward saw she was having a hard time, he smiled and said, “Miss, it’s fine if you don’t want to participate.”
	Angelia shook her head.
	“I’ll participate, just that there were too much activities, I don’t know which one I should choose.”
	Angelia still hadn’t made a decision when she reached school, but she felt that it was noisy out there.
	A few people were holding cameras, kept looking towards the entrance, seemed like they were waiting to take pictures.
	After a while, a car slowly drove into the school, the crowd instantly become excited.
	“Here it comes!”
	“I didn’t expect the school to be so generous to invite Echo to perform.”
	“Yeah, I failed to snag his concert ticket last time, but I didn’t think that I’d get to hear him singing this time.”
	Angelia turned her head towards the car, the crowd had swarmed over the car and it was completely surrounded, so she couldn’t see anything.
	She looked for a while but she couldn’t see Echo, so she turned around and walked to the classroom.
	Angelia lowered her head and was looking at the flyer in her hand, the hem of her shirt was suddenly pulled when she passed by an intersection.
	“Good morning.”
	Angelia quickly turned back.
	The person standing at the corner had a slender figure, leaning back against the wall with his hands in the pockets, his head was slightly bowed, wearing a cap which had covered his face, and the chestnut-coloured hair tips could be seen from side of the cap.
	This outfit looked familiar.
	When Angelia was still confusing, that person looked up and gave her a wink.
	“I’ve been waiting for you for a long time.”
	Angelia looked at him in surprise.
	“Echo? Why are you here?”
	She looked towards the car behind her, the crazy fans were still gathering around the car, but no one expected that Echo was standing brazenly less than one hundred meters away from them.
	Echo was smiling as bright as the sunlight.
	“I come to see you.”
	“Come to see me?”
	Echo looked over at the crowd of fans and was about to explain, then suddenly a fan turned around and screamed out when she saw him.
	“Echo! He’s there!”
	As soon as the fan shouted, almost everyone turned over and again went crazy when they saw Echo.
	“Echo!”
	“Echo!”
	The crowd rushed over madly.
	“Shit.”
	Echo had no time to explain, he immediately grabbed Angelia and ran away.
	“Hey? Stop…”
	Angelia didn’t even have time to break free and she was then dragged by him to the campus.
	She hurriedly looked back and saw the fans chasing after them, she then quickly pulled Echo to hide in the school building.
	“Come this way.”
	Echo lowered his head and saw Angelia holding his hand, the corner of his lips curved up, and he kept up with her.
	Both of them sneaked into the classroom, the crowd outside passed by the classroom, Angelia was peeking carefully behind the door.
	“They’re gone.”
	Echo sat casually on the floor, he took off his cap and lifted his slightly wet hair, leaning against the wall and laughed out.
	“Why is it so difficult every time I come to see you?”
	Angelia was curious, “Why did you come to see me for?”
	“Last time…” Echo frowned when he seemed like recalling what happened that night. “Are you alright? I didn’t know that it would cause that kind of misunderstanding.”
	Angelia shook her head.
	“I’m fine, it wasn’t your fault in the first place.”
	Staring at the clock on the wall, she stood up, the flyer she had been squeezing in her arm before dropped on the floor.
	Echo picked it up and had a look.
	“You’re going to the event?”
	Seeing Angelia’s nod, he smiled and said, “Do you want to help out at my performance night?”
	He pointed on the flyer.
	“Here, it’s a stage play, and we still need a few actors.”
	Angelia shook her head, “I’m not good at acting, and many of them from the Art Institute would like to participate.”
	She didn’t like to stay with the crowds in the first place, not to mention about performing on stage in public.
	Echo used to like performing when they were at the orphanage, and she used to sit down and watch under the stage back then.
	Thinking about the past, Angelia couldn’t help but smile slightly.
	“If you want to go out, pass through the school building and leave through the back door, there’s no one there, I have to go for my class first.”
	Echo suddenly reached out and grabbed her when she just walked two steps ahead.
	“Angelia, do you really forget about me?”
Chapter 73 First Sight
	Angelia was startled and turned back in shock.
	“You…”
	Echo gave her a smile.
	“Did you really forget about me? Didn’t you promise me that you will listen to my singing when you were a kid?”
	Angelia’s eyes widened.
	“Brother Echo…When did you recognize me?”
	“I knew it was you from the first sight I saw you.”
	Angelia took a step forward, said disappointedly, “I’ve shown up in front of you so many times, but I didn’t expect that you couldn’t recognize me.”
	“I recognized you, but…”
	Angelia grabbed on her skirt, said embarrassedly, “I’m not Angelia now.”
	Echo gazed at the person in front of her.
	Ever since he left the orphanage, he had been working hard for his goal, and he had always wanted to leave the best seat for her when he succeeded.
	But he didn’t expect that they would meet at such scene when he returned.
	He reached out his hand to pull Angelia and whispered, “I don’t know why you’re hiding your identity, but is it something to do with the orphanage?”
	Angelia hesitated for a moment and nodded.
	If there was anyone in the world who could protect the orphanage with him, it must be Echo.
	“The orphanage is going to be torn down.”
	“I know.”
	Echo had been investigating the orphanage and Angelia over the past few days, and he could vaguely guess the connection in between.
	Angelia continued, “I have made a deal with Randall, as long as I substitute for Claudia until she returns, he won’t tear down the orphanage.”
	“You trust him?”
	Echo was a little suspicious as Randall was a cunning man.
	Once the villa done building, it would bring him a great fortune, how could he really give it up?
	Angelia of course knew about this, but there’s no other way.
	“I can only trust him.”
	Echo recalled Jonathan’s attitude toward Angelia that day and frowned in dissatisfaction.
	There’s many rumours about Jonathan, but almost none of them were good.
	If he continued to let Angelia stay by his side, she would get hurt sooner or later.
	“But when can Claudia return?”
	“I don’t know, but I’ve found some clues.”
	Angelia quickly took out her phone and showed him the photo she took from Claudia’s computer.
	“They went to S city.”
	Echo took a closer look at it.
	There was only purchase history on it, but if they checked the flight schedule, there might be a way.
	“I’ll check for you. As long as she’s back, you can leave Jonathan, right?”
	Angelia opened her mouth, and suddenly she felt a slight pain from her shoulder which she had been neglected.
	The image of Jonathan carefully applied the ointment for her involuntarily flashed in her mind.
	She gritted her teeth and nodded, clearing the image from her mind.
	“Yes.”
	But Echo didn’t notice the imperceptible hesitation in her tone.
	He was determined to get Angelia away from Jonathan. Even if the orphanage was demolished, he could rebuild a bigger and nicer orphanage.
	By then, he could truly protect Angelia.
	Just as he promised when he was a kid.
	He held her hand tightly, with his gaze flowing with intense affection.
	“Don’t worry, I’ll definitely find Claudia.”
	Angelia’s heart was in a panic, she didn’t notice Echo’s feeling for her.
	“Alright…”
	When Angelia returned to classroom, the others were discussing about Echo.
	In the afternoon, the school announced the activities for the anniversary event, the most remarkable activity was the stage play by Echo!
	Tickets were sold out in just a few minutes, those who couldn’t get the tickets thought of helping out at the backstage.
	Angelia submitted her registration form, the class president had a look and said surprisingly, “You also sign up for the stage play? I heard that almost all the girls in the school have signed up, but they only need 10 of them, do you want to try another one?”
	“No, this one will do.”
	The class president shook his head.
	“Everyone wants to get in, how could it be that easy.”
	A few of girls glanced at her when they heard that Angelia was going to help out at the backstage.
	“Didn’t they say she is an acquaintance of Echo? How come she doesn’t even have a ticket?”
	“Stop it, aren’t you scared of being expelled from the school tomorrow?”
	Someone said with a sarcastic tone, “Of course I’m scared, someone has people got her back.”
	Saying that, the girls laughed out.
	Angela was sitting beside, she stood up and raised her voice when she heard the girls’ words.
	“I just bought five tickets, there are three more seats left. Does anyone want to go?”
	Everyone ran over and surrounded her when they heard her words.
	“I want! I want! Angela, you’re really awesome to be able to get five slots!”
	“But there’re two more left, who are you going with? Are you going with your boyfriend?”
	The girls laughed playfully and Angela got all the attention.
	Angela’s face blushed slightly, looking shy.
	“He’s not my boyfriend yet…”
	The girls refused to stop and continued asking, “Could it be Mr. Miller?”
	“Stop talking nonsense, you girls…”
	The girls burst into laughter, concluding that that Angela’s ticket was reserved for Jonathan.
	Angelia couldn’t help but frown, she stood up and turned to walk off.
	Angela glanced at her and called out to her.
	“Wait, do you want me to give you a ticket as well?”
	“No need.”
	Angelia walked straight out after she finished her words.
	The girls once again scoffed at her after she left.
	“What an attitude! No wonder Mr. Miller doesn’t get his eyes on her!”
	“I’ve long heard about the rumours saying that she was able to marry to the Millers because she used some dirty tricks.”
	“I think Mr. Miller will kick her out one day and Angela is the real Mrs. Miller.”
	Angela smiled but didn’t speak, her gaze dropped on the side face of Echo on the tickets.
	This Echo should be the one who used to be with Angelia when she was at the orphanage right?
	If this was the case, she sure had to invite Jonathan to watch the stage play in person.
	The next day, the ten candidates to help out at the backstage were elected, perhaps Echo did interfere in the selection, Angelia was actually among them.
	After class, those who were selected stood excitedly in the performance hall.
	“I heard that Echo will come over today!”
	“Not only that, he’s coming over for rehearsals for these few days! We can see him every day!”
	“Yes, I have my camera all ready to go.”
	Angelia stood at the last position, bowing her head to send a message to Steward, telling him to pick her up at a later time.
	Unconsciously, the surroundings became quiet and Angelia looked up curiously.
	She saw someone walking out on the stage.
	It was a man wearing a white court suit with a sword hanging on his waist, his slender legs were wrapped in off-white pants. He looked handsome and elegant.
	The press had once published that no one was better suited to be a celebrity than Echo, he seemed to be born to perform.
	And right now, Angelia completely agreed with that.
	The light shone from his head, making the smile on his lips appeared even more charming.
	Echo looked around and slowly walked to the front of Angelia.
	Placing one hand on his chest, he bent down reverently amidst the squeals of the crowd.
	“Good afternoon, my princess.”
Chapter 74 Who’s The Female Lead?
	Scream after scream spreading around, and everyone was staring at them.
	Angelia was so shocked that she didn’t know how to react.
	Echo looked up and winked at her.
	“How was my performance?”
	Angelia instantly understood and nodded with a smile.
	“It’s impressive, no wonder so many people like you.”
	Echo slightly leaned towards Angelia.
	“What about you? Do you like me?”
	Angelia’s eyes widened, Echo’s eyes were so serious that she couldn’t say anything for a moment.
	“I mean did you like my performance?”
	He explained with a smile, slightly dropped his eyes, revealing his deeply hidden disappointment.
	Angelia pondered, and replied him seriously, “Although I don’t know much about acting, but there’s a saying I think that’s right, which is, you were born to for the stage.”
	Echo smiled and turned to look at her.
	“You said this before when you’re a kid.”
	He reached out his hand to grab Angelia.
	“I’ll show you the backstage.”
	When both of them left, the remaining people looked longingly at the direction they were leaving with their arms crossing over their chests.
	“So she really knows Echo…”
	“Did you hear that? Echo just called her princess and held her hands!”
	“If it were me, I’d die of happiness! I’ll never wash my hand for the rest of my life!”
	Angela and a few others were outside the performance hall.
	“Are you sure that they’re in there? She looked at the direction of the stage and asked.
	“I’m sure!” One of them came up with a gossipy face, “My friend was selected to go to the backstage with her, and I heard that she and Echo were blatantly flirting with each other in the past few days.”
	“I saw it last time when I was here too, a married woman still hooked up with someone else, and she wasn’t shameful about it.”
	Angela stood at the entrance.
	“Let’s go in and have a look.”
	A rehearsal had just over, and Echo, dressed in a court suit, walked down from the stage while holding a sword.
	As Angela looked in the direction of Echo walking down the stage, she saw Angelia standing under the stage.
	They were chatting and joking, and they even took out the scripts and started practicing the lines.
	“How come she’s the one who’s practicing the lines with him?”
	“I heard that it was Echo’s request, they were tagging along almost all the time, it’s obvious that they had an affair.”
	Angela didn’t say a word. She hid behind of the crowd and snapped a few photos of them with her phone.
	At this moment, a few people carrying the stage props passed by, and Angelia was accidentally tripped, Echo reached out to hold her up by wrapping him arms around her waist.
	They took a few steps back, leaned intimately at the corner.
	Angela quickly snapped that scene and saved in her phone.
	She smiled in satisfaction and then she told the others, “Alright, let’s go.”
	On the other side, Angelia almost fell down but luckily Echo pulled her up in time.
	The students carrying the props had just left, and she patted Echo’s arm.
	“Echo, you can let go of me now.”
	Echo didn’t move, gazing down at her.
	“Are you okay?”
	“I’m fine.”
	Angelia replied but Echo still didn’t let go of her.
	“Echo?”
	Echo came back to his sense, reluctantly let go his hand and clenched his fist lightly, as if the warmth from the touch still remained in his palm.
	“Alright, let’s continue.”
	The rehearsal went on smoothly, and on the day of the school anniversary, Angelia went out as usual without telling Jonathan about the event.
	Steward stood beside the car and looked behind her.
	“Sir isn’t going?”
	Angelia took her things to the car, “I didn’t tell him.”
	Steward suddenly felt sorry for Jonathan and said, “Aren’t you performing today? Sir should come over since it is a rare occasion.”
	For the past few days, Sir had been asking him every day whether Angelia had applied the ointment on time, and he had sensed something.
	But it was awkward to ask her personally, so he could only check every day if the ointment was used up and then report to him on time.
	In order to rehearse, Angelia came out early in the morning and went home late at night for the past few days, she hardly had time to talk to Jonathan, even Steward could sense that he’s down.
	However, Angelia didn’t notice anything wrong, instead she felt that Jonathan was even colder than before.
	Even they dined together some time, his face was cold, and she didn’t know what he was angry about.
	How could Jonathan leave his job and come to see her performance on purpose?
	Besides, she wasn’t performing today, she was just helping out at the backstage.
	“No need, I’m not even on the stage, there’s nothing to see.”
	Steward sighed, why’s Angelia not taking initiatives?
	Angela had been inviting Sir to school since five days ago but Sir hadn’t agreed.
	Perhaps he was waiting for her.
	Phillips College’s anniversary celebration was spectacular, the school area was decorated with many ribbons and balloons.
	The school had even announced a three-day holiday to celebrate this event.
	Among all the event venues, the performance hall was overcrowded.
	As soon as they heard that Echo was going to perform, even people outside the school tried their best to get in.
	But the strict security system had stopped many people who wanted to get in outside the entrance.
	The performance hall was surrounded by the crazy fans, wishing to see Echo when he came in and out.
	Angelia hardly made her way through the crowd and finally got to the back stage, but she saw that everyone was busy and seemed to be looking everywhere for someone.
	Some of them were on the verge of tears.
	“What’s going on?”
	The lecturer from the art school was so agitated that she was like an ant on a hot pan.
	“The lead! The female lead is missing!”
	“She’s not replying the messages and phone calls, she was here just now, and I don’t know where she ran off.”
	Angelia looked around, and she saw Echo standing aside as well. All work had come to a halt because of the lead’s absence.
	“If it doesn’t work, then replace with someone else instead.”
	A voice suddenly came out from outside.
	Everyone turned over and saw Angela standing at the entrance.
	She came in slowly and said, “The hall was fully seated, the show will start soon, there’s no way you can go on without the lead, right?”
	As everyone listened, this was indeed the only way, with so many people outside, if they made a scene, they could tear down the entire hall.
	Angelia frowned and asked, “You want to be the lead?”
	Unexpectedly, Angela shook her head and slowly smirked.
	“I’m talking about you.”
	Angelia’s eyes widened in shock when she heard her words.
	She originally thought that Angela wanted to replace the lead to win the attention, but she didn’t expect that she would let her perform instead.
	Angela continued saying, “I remember that you often practice the lines with Echo, you’re the one who’s the most familiar with the play here.”
	Everyone looked over at the same time, Angelia used to practice the lines with Echo every day during the rehearsal.
	What Angela said did make sense.
	“But…” Angelia frowned and said embarrassedly, “I don’t know how to act.”
	“There’s no other way, Claudia, just help us out, in case those fans rush in, they can tear all of us apart.”
	Echo came over at the moment and said softly, “If you really don’t want to, we can change the play temporarily and I’ll act alone.”
	“No way! How can this be changed temporarily?” The lecturer immediately said.
	Angelia hesitated for a long while and finally nodded.
	“I can give it a try.” 
Chapter 75 Who Are You Waiting for to Kiss You
	“Great!”
	The lecturer shouted excitedly, raising her hands to inform the others.
	“Hurry up! We have changed the lead, get your clothes ready!”
	Echo walked up to Angelia and put his hand on her shoulder.
	“Don’t worry, follow my pace later.”
	Angelia nodded nervously, Echo held her hand with a smile.
	“Actually when I was a kid, I was wondering if I would be able to perform on the stage with you one day, but I never thought that my dream would come through so quickly.”
	The backstage got busy again, and Angela secretly snapped a photo and tapped on Jonathan’s contact.
	“Jonathan, I’ve reserved you the tickets for the show, Claudia performed very well, I think you’ll like it.”
	She then attached with the photo she took just now together with the photos she took before.
	She smiled in satisfaction after the messages were successfully sent, and she added another sentence.
	“By the way, I heard that there’s a kissing scene between the male and female lead.”
	At the top floor of the M.I Group Tower.
	Although Jonathan was in a meeting, his eyes remained on his phone.
	Why hadn’t she contacted him yet?
	Wasn’t today the school anniversary?
	Jonathan had been a little irritated since a few days ago, he originally thought that Angelia would at least invite him to watch the show, but she didn’t say a word.
	Not even mentioning about the school anniversary.
	He had bluntly rejected Angela’s invitation, but his nominal wife didn’t take any move.
	Thinking about this morning, he had even hinted a few times on the dining table, but she didn’t react at all.
	Jonathan frowned and the coldness in his body spread out.
	The manager who was updating company’s situation for the first half of this year suddenly became nervous, he thought that he had said something wrong, and kept checking with his manuscripts in fear.
	The more nervous he got, the more he stuttered.
	“…According to, according to our investigation, company…this…”
	Jonathan’s eyebrows knitted.
	“Can’t even speak Mandarin well?”
	The manager shuddered.
	“I’m sorry, Mr. Miller.”
	As soon as he finished his word, a phone ringtone rang clearly in the meeting room.
	“Who’s phone is it?”
	Jonathan berated.
	Everyone shivered in fear and checked what they had with them while praying for that person in their hearts.
	Who dared to switch on their phone in a meeting, wasn’t this the same as committing suicide?
	Didn’t want to come back to the company tomorrow?
	When everyone was pondering, the phone in front of Jonathan lit up.
	Everyone was stunned, widening their eyes, looking over with an expression like they had swallowed a fly.
	Jonathan’s face sank, and his gaze glanced through everyone.
	“Continue with the meeting!”
	Everyone immediately withdrew their attention.
	No one expected that Mr. Miller who had always been harsher on himself than others would forget to turn off his phone in a meeting.
	Jonathan picked up the phone on the table with a cold face, looking forward to receiving someone’s message.
	Finally this woman contacted him.
	He casually slid the screen, but what he saw were messages from Angela, his eyebrows knitted and then he saw the photos.
	The phone was slammed directly on the table, and the screen immediately cracked.
	Everyone in the meeting room was startled, they saw Jonathan spreading intimidating aura all over his body, his gaze was fierce like he wanted to kill someone.
	Without waiting the others to react, he stood up straight away, turned around and walked out.
	Everyone looked at each other, had completely no idea about what was going on today.
	“Ms. Truman, what’s going on with Mr. Miller today?”
	Truman calmly flipped through the notepad in her hand and nodded.
	“Today is Phillips College’s anniversary, let’s continue with the meeting.”
	But they still didn’t understand what did Phillips College anniversary have to do with Jonathan?
	Angelia was standing at the backstage, being urged by the lecturer to change her clothes and was chased to the backstage.
	A person came out of the dressing room sneakily as soon as she left.
	She ran all the way through the backstage, came to audience seat and sat beside Angela.
	Angela whispered, “How’s it going?”
	“It’s done.” The girl smiled smugly. “I promise the show will be amazing later!”
	Angela was worried, “Mm, no one saw you just now?”
	“No.”
	“Great.”
	Angela glanced at her phone, now, all that was missing was only Jonathan.
	It was 3 o’ clock in the afternoon, the curtain rose and Echo was standing on the stage.
	Lights shone from above, the stage was surrounded by green grasslands, and a tall castle could be vaguely seen from a distance.
	This performance was the highlight for the school anniversary, and the school had invested last sum of money to make the audience felt like there were in the scene.
	Just the well-dressed Echo was enough to make everyone screamed in excitement.
	It was a very old-fashioned fairy tale where a brave prince went through lots of hardship and adventures to wake up the sleeping princess in the castle. It was also meant to match Echo’s popularity, making him the only lead.
	Although it’s a well-known story, but it was revitalized under his performance.
	Soon, the prince, played by Echo, reached the castle.
	Angelia was lying on the bed nervously, reciting the lines she was going to say later.
	Echo had told her that he won’t kiss her for real, so there’s no need to worry.
	There was still a dance after she was awakened, it was fortunate that Echo taught her before.
	Angelia vaguely sensed Echo coming over and kneeling down by the bed.
	The person lying on the bed was closing her eyes, with her curled eyelashes slightly trembling from nervousness.
	On her head was a crown made of crystal, with silky curly hair draping behind her, wearing a long light blue dress. She looked like a fine porcelain doll.
	Echo reached out his hand and cupped her face, he originally didn’t want to kiss her for real, but he suddenly changed his mind.
	His eyes staring at Angelia’s red lips, slowly approaching her unconsciously…
	It’s getting closer.
	Everyone on the audience seat couldn’t help but stand up, with their eyes staring straight at their movements.
	At this moment, a loud sound was heard.
	The door of the hall was kicked open by someone, someone turned over and saw Jonathan standing at the door.
	His expression was unpleasant, and he gazed fiercely at the people on the stage.
	The moment Angela saw him, a sly smile appeared on her face.
	“Finally, he’s here!”
	She quickly stood up and walked towards Jonathan.
	“Jonathan, I…”
	Before she could finish her sentence, Jonathan didn’t even give her a damn and pushed her away directly.
	He strode straight to the stage and pulled Echo away from Angelia amidst the screams of the crowd.
	Angelia had been waiting for quite some time with her eyes closing, she was confused and when she was about to open her eyes, an indignant low voice suddenly sounded in her ears.
	He gritted his teeth.
	“Who are you waiting for to kiss you?”
	Angelia was startled.
	Jonathan?
	She quickly opened her eyes, but Jonathan pressed her against the bed the next second, brutally and overbearingly kissing her lips.
Chapter 76 Remember the Name
	While everyone was watching, Jonathan was holding Angelia’s hands, and pressing her onto the bed.
	The light was shining on them from the ceiling, the beautiful scenery made her feel like she was in a castle.
	The classical and gorgeous European-style king sized bed was covered by a veil, blocking Angelia and Jonathan's movements, making people want to see clearly and raised their curiosity.
	The performance hall could fit more than 5000 guests, but all of them were so quiet, that they were able to hear a needle drop.
	Everyone was watching them with their eyes widened, following every movement that was happening on the stage.
	Jonathan was kissing Angelia’s lips, raging on them madly, the anger he felt inside was almost driving him insane.
	The jealousy, the anger, the insecurity, so many different feelings mixed together.
	It looked like a kiss, but it felt more like a punishment.
	He didn’t even want to imagine what would have happened if he arrived a second later, this woman, was going to kiss someone else in front of all these people.
	Kiss someone else!
	Jonathan’s eyes were dark, just as dark and cold as the night.
	How could she dare to do that!
	Angelia’s hands were clenched into fists, but she was held by Jonathan without giving her any space, and pushed on the bed, she couldn’t move even an inch.
	“Uh... Jonathan...”
	She finally could open her mouth, but then she was silenced again.
	Jonathan was biting her kip, so hard, that it really hurt. And he wanted it to hurt, so that she would remember!
	Angelia felt that her lips were paining but also numb from it, and she had to frown on it.
	It didn’t take long and her lips started to swell up.
	Jonathan let go of her slowly, and Angelia took a deep breath, her face was red from lack of oxygen.
	He rested his head on her shoulder, and said between his teeth in a deep voice that was carrying some madness.
	“Are you happy now?”
	Angelia looked at him, her eyes filled with questions.
	The madness she could see in Jonathan’s eyes made her scared.
	“You are crazy.”
	His lips formed into a smile and he laughed, he stood up and looked into the crowd.
	Nobody said a word, they didn’t even dare to make a sound.
	Jonathan was standing in the middle of the stage, and pulled up Angelia, who was still on the bed.
	He raised his chin a little, and looked dominantly into the crowd, as if he was the monarch of this place.
	“I am sorry, this princess is mine.”
	When he said that, he pulled Angelia and turned to leave, when Echo blocked his way.
	“Let go of her.”
	Jonathan tightened his grip on Angelia’s waist, his eyes were resting on the man in front of him.
	Echo’s soft gaze looked at Angelia quickly, he saw her swollen lips, then clenched his fists.
	“You are forcing her! Have you ever thought about her feelings?”
	Jonathan laughed coldly.
	“She is my wife, do I need your permission to kiss her? It’s my right!”
	“But you.”
	He took a step to the front, and looked Echo in the eyes.
	“You better stay away from her, this is the first, but also the last time I am warning you, don’t test my limits.”
	His eyes were ice cold, he pushed Echo to the side, and pulled Angelia towards the exit.
	Echo wasn’t ready to give up yet, and came running to take Angelia’s hand.
	Then there was a noise.
	From the stage, everyone could hear the sound of clothes ripping.
	The dress that Angelia was wearing was ripped by the pull, and it fell off her.
	The crowd gasped!
	It only took a second, and there was a jacket coming out of no where, covering Angelia.
	Jonathan’s face was not happy, he tried to cover her from behind, and wrapped the jacket as good as possible around her.
	People started to talk about this incident.
	Even Angelia was so surprised that she didn’t know what to do, she never expected that her dress would rip.
	If she wasn’t wearing something under, and if Jonathan didn’t react so fast, everyone would have seen her naked.
	The talking from the crowd was getting louder and louder, and there was clear laughter as well.
	Angelia started to feel uncomfortable and took a step back.
	Jonathan’s eyebrows knitted, he bend to take Angelia into a hug, and walked out without saying another word.
	Echo watched them disappear, his fists still held tight.
	He wanted to follow them, but he saw Angelia’s small body leaning on Jonathan, both of her hands holding on to his jacket.
	Echo stopped in his move.
	If he was only a little bit faster, he might be the one to protect her, to carry her out now.
	He picked up her ripped dress from the floor, and noticed that something was weird about it.
	As if someone has cut the zip on her dress, and it would rip with only one move.
	Someone did this on purpose.
	He turned around, and looked at everyone on the stage, but he couldn’t see someone suspicious.
	Jonathan carried Angelia out of the performance hall in big steps, and outside people wanted to surround them, but the cold and dominant aura on Jonathan kept them away.
	Angelia was pulling his clothes, she was still feeling fear about what just happened, and she didn’t dare to let go of him.
	Jonathan put her in his car, and noticed that she was still holding onto him, and had to stop, he carried her and got into the car with her.
	“Now you are afraid?”
	Angelia moved a little, and let go of his shirt, that was all knitted by her grip.
	She slowly got off from his lap, and sat in the corner, hugging her knees.
	Jonathan looked at her, and wanted to grab her and pull her into his hug.
	His fingers moved, but instead, he raised her chin to look at his face.
	“Mrs. Miller, is it fun to test my boundaries?”
	Angelia frowned.
	“I didn’t...”
	Jonathan put some force into his fingers, his eyes squinted, his gaze was cold as ever.
	“If I didn’t come here, what would you do? Kiss him?”
	He only need to mention it to make himself mad, he couldn’t control his complicated emotions, and he said things that he didn’t mean.
	“You have wished for it, haven’t you? How do you feel about changing your partner? Are you disappointed?”
	“No, what are you talking about!”
	Angelia wasn’t happy about what he said, and turned her head, trying to escape his hand, “Echo said, he would excuse me!”
	Jonathan didn’t even listen to her explanations, he was annoyed only by hearing this name.
	“Echo?”
	“How long do you know him, and you are already calling him Echo?”
	Angelia didn’t answer his question, she didn’t know how to answer to it anyways.
	Jonathan thought that her silence was an agreement. His heart started hurting as if someone just took a hammer and hit it.
	He grabbed the jacket that Angelia was wearing, and pulled her towards himself.
	“My patience is limited, don’t try to test my boundaries.”
	Jonathan was stroking her face, his hands gentle, but his eyes were as cold as ice, freezing one’s heart.
	“Otherwise, I might not even know what I am capable of.”
	Angelia looked at him, and didn’t dare to move.
	Jonathan’s lips formed a smile, but there was no joy in his eyes.
	“Tell me, who’s are you?”
	Angelia raised her head, as if she was bewitched by Jonathan.
	“Yours.”
	“Tell me the name.”
	“Jonathan Miller.”
	Jonathan lowered his head, and nipped on her earlobes, saying in a deep magical voice.
	“Then remember this name, burn it in your soul, don’t ever think about forgetting it.” 
Chapter 77 Rope not Strong Enough
	Angelia, who was still in shock, was send away, but because of what happened on stage today, all the students in school were talking about the incident.
	Almost everyone was able to guess what happened on stage, there were even pictures on the internet, that someone took and published.
	Angelia wasn’t even finished getting herself together, when she realized that she couldn’t leave the house anymore.
	Steward was standing at the door, and blocked her way.
	“Miss, please don’t make this hard for us.”
	Angelia knitted her brows.
	“I just want to go to Martin’s house.”
	“But, without Mister Miller’s permission, we cannot let you out.”
	Angelia couldn’t believe it, and looked outside. She couldn’t believe that Jonathan put such demands.
	“He wants to lock me up?”
	Steward looked at her, but he didn’t understand why Jonathan would do that.
	Nonetheless, it was an order, and he couldn’t do anything against it.
	Angelia took a step and walked towards the door, but the guard blocked her way.
	“I need to go, Martin is waiting for me.”
	Steward tried to convince her.
	“Miss Wilson, please let’s not anger Mister Miller.”
	Angelia still tried to go out, just as Jonathan appeared upstairs.
	“Where are you going? You can tell me.”
	Angelia turned around, and saw how Jonathan slowly walked down the stairs.
	“I told Martin that I would go to his house today, and help him to buy some things.”
	Jonathan looked at her, and fixed his sleeves.
	“I will drive you.”
	Angelia didn’t understand what he was thinking, and turned away from him.
	“There is no need, I can go by myself.”
	Jonathan looked at her, and said lightly, “I will drive you, or you won’t go at all.”
	Angelia pressed her lips together, and was quiet for a while.
	“Jonathan, how long are you planning to lock me up for?”
	“Till I am satisfied.”
	Jonathan walked out of the door, Angelia was following behind him, not happy.
	“If I can only go if you are driving me, will you also pick me up again?”
	Jonathan’s voice was very determined, “I will ask Steward to pick you up, you have an hour, not too much, not too less, I will ask him to leave on time.”
	“Then why don’t you just take a rope and tie me up?”
	She had no freedom at all.
	Jonathan turned, his eyes rested on her.
	“I have thought about that. But I am afraid no rope is strong enough to hold you, I would have to use a metal chain.”
	He said it as if he was serious about it, as if he was really going to chain her up.
	Angelia took a deep breath and was scared.
	“Jonathan, you are crazy...”
	Jonathan laughed coldly, and stepped on the gas, the car left the driveway quickly.
	When they arrived at Martin’s house, Angelia got off the car, and Jonathan reminded her, “Only one hour, don’t forget.”
	She didn’t say anything, and walked towards the house, without even looking at him.
	Jonathan was sitting in the car, watching her enter the house, and only left when she was gone.
	Angelia thought that Jonathan was only warning her, but she didn’t expect that Steward really arrived after one hour.
	Angelia was holding some porcelain in her hand and was looking at it dreamily, when Steward entered and stood next to her respectively.
	“Miss Wilson, it’s time.”
	Martin looked at the clock on the wall, and said surprised, “You are leaving already?”
	Angelia was quiet for a while, then she put down the antique in her hand, and smiled.
	“Martin, I got some thing to take care of and have to go.”
	“You are really leaving? I was going to ask you to stay for dinner.”
	Martin knitted his brows, he felt that something was off the moment she arrived there that day.
	He pulled Angelia to the side, and said worried, “Girl, did Jonathan mob you again? If he did, you have to tell me!”
	Both Spencer and Bruno were nodding.
	“We are old, but we still have a word there, and we got your back.”
	Angelia shook her head.
	“There is no need.”
	She said goodbye to everyone, then followed Steward to the car.
	“Jonathan is planning to lock me up, right?”
	Steward looked at her in the mirror, then said comforting, “Mister Miller is only a little angry, Miss Wilson, you need to try and understand him, then you will know.”
	“How should I understand?”
	Angelia leaned back in the car, her eyes were looking at the scenery outside.
	“Miss Wilson, Mister Miller has been through things that normal people haven’t.”
	Angelia looked at him.
	“Like what?”
	Steward didn’t say more, and kept quiet.
	Angelia looked at him confused, what happened to Jonathan before?
	Why did Martin always say that he was the devil, and now Steward was saying this to her?
	What happened to Jonathan?
	Angelia’s eyebrows knitted again, and she noticed that this was not the way to go home.
	“Where are we going? Not home?”
	“Mister Miller asked me to bring you to his office.”
	“Office? What does he want me there for?”
	“Mister Miller only asked me to drive you.”
	The car arrived at the company building. The design of the building was dominant, and with the sun shining on it’s glass, it was reflecting the light in all kinds of colors.
	There were people dressed in suits passing in front of the building, walking quickly.
	Steward left after he has brought Angelia.
	She went to the reception by herself, where there were two pretty receptionists sitting.
	One of them was looking at her, while she put on a professional smile.
	“Can I help you?”
	Angelia looked at the huge two letters of “M.I.” on the wall, and said, “I am looking for Mister Miller.”
	When they heard the name, both of them changed their expressions.
	“You are looking for our president? Do you have an appointment?”
	Angelia shook her head.
	“No, but he asked me to come here.”
	The two receptionists looked at her from top to bottom, faces disdained.
	“Without an appointment you won’t be able to see him, do you think out president just meets anyone who comes here?”
	“I am telling you, there are people like these everyday, they think they could get to him this easily, they wish.”
	“If there was such a possibility, do you think you would be part?”
	Angelia didn’t bother them, she took out her phone and looked at it, but it had already shut off because of her low battery.
	She knitted her brows and said, “You just need to tell him I am Claudia Hunk, he will know.”
	They looked at each other.
	“Claudia Hunk? Let me count, how many of them we already met this month? Why don’t you think of something better?”
	The other one laughed and took the phone on the desk.
	“Mrs. Miller right? I understand, I will ask now, if Mr. Miller will see you!”
	She said in a weird voice, and pointed towards a chair on the side.
	“Wait there, if I have any message, I will let you know.”
	Angelia knitted her brows, she thought of Jonathan knowing that she left, he would definitely get mad, so she chose to sit down and wait.
Chapter 78 The Fake is Real
	Top level of M.I. company.
	Jonathan was looking at his watch for the third time now.
	According to his calculations, Angelia should have been there already.
	But why was she not there?
	Where did she go again?
	Did she really have that much courage?
	He stood up suddenly, and walked towards the door.
	“Has no one been here to see me yet?”
	His secretary was sitting by the door, and stood up nervously when she heard the president’s question.
	“Mister Miller, is there something you need?”
	Jonathan was even more annoyed now, “I asked if there is someone here to see me?”
	The secretary looked at the notebook in her hand, and filtered out some names on it automatically.
	“No, Mister Miller.”
	Jonathan knitted his eyebrows, and turned to walk back into his office, then he called Steward.
	“Where is she? Did you drop her off yet?”
	Steward was surprised by his question.
	“Sir, are you walking about Miss Hunk?”
	“Who else would I be talking about? Didn’t I ask you to pick her up at four and then bring her here?” Jonathan was now angry, “Now it’s already five, where is she?”
	Steward paused, and said quickly, “I have already dropped Miss Hunk off an hour ago, and I watched her walk into the building.”
	“She came?”
	Jonathan squinted his eyes, they looked evil now.
	“Fuck! Did she run away?”
	“Sir, Miss Hunk...”
	Steward didn’t even get the chance to finish his sentence yet, when Jonathan already hung up, and walked outside.
	His secretary saw him coming, and came towards him.
	Just after Jonathan went back to his office, she thought about it, and decided to tell him about the “Claudia Hunk” that the reception downstairs has told her.
	Even though the receptionist said that she was a fake Claudia, and there had been more than enough of her this month already, but she was not so sure about it.
	“Mister Miller, the reception said...”
	But Jonathan didn’t even stop walking, and didn’t listen to her anyways, he walked right to the elevator.
	When he got out of the elevator, he dialed a number.
	“Get me all of the recordings from all the surveillance cameras within this building! Get it checked now! I don’t care if you need to search the whole area, I want her found!”
	Jonathan took big steps towards outside.
	When he hung up the phone, he turned to look around.
	“This woman, don’t let me get you, otherwise...”
	He turned around, and saw a person sitting on the sofas in the waiting area.
	Jonathan paused, and stopped his cursing.
	They were only parted by a glass window, Angelia was sitting inside, reading a book, and didn’t look like she was bothered by her surroundings.
	“Mister Miller.”
	The guard came running towards him, “We have gathered all the recordings, do you want to check them personally?”
	Jonathan raised his hands, all of his anger was gone, vanished into nothing.
	“No need.”
	The guard was startled, “Do we keep looking?”
	“No need.”
	The turned again to reenter the building, and quickly walked to the waiting area.
	Angelia didn’t even notice how long she has been sitting there, she has gone to the reception a couple of times, but they only told her that Jonathan was too busy, and she should keep waiting.
	She didn’t dare to go home, she was afraid that she might anger him with it, so she had no choice but to sit down and find a book to read.
	She was still reading, when a pair of shiny leather shoes appeared in her sight.
	Angelia lowered the book and slowly raised her head, and saw that Jonathan was standing right in front of her, looking down at her.
	“What are you sitting here for? Why aren’t you going upstairs?”
	He had waited for over an hour, and this woman is sitting here comfortably and reading her book?
	Angelia looked towards the receptionist and said, “I was waiting for your approval to go up!”
	Jonathan’s brows were twisted, in his voice were a slight anger mixed in.
	“I didn’t get any message.”
	He knew that it must have been the reception who blocked the message of her arrival.
	Fuck!
	These people are tired of working here!
	Jonathan turned around, and looked towards the reception.
	But quickly, he turned back to Angelia again and said angrily, “Don’t you know that you can call me? What do you have a cell for?”
	Angelia said innocently, “My phone died.”
	Jonathan’s anger was obvious now, his words stuck in his throat, “Stupid! Come with me!”
	He turned and took a few steps, then he turned back to her and took Angelia’s hand, not caring if she wanted to or not, and walked with her to the elevators.
	The two receptionists got scared already when they saw Jonathan coming down.
	Then they watched him walk to the waiting area straight, and grabbing the “fake” Claudia by her hand, which scared them even more.
	“She... she really is out president’s wife?”
	The other one wiped off the sweat on her forehead, and pushed the person next to her.
	“I told you it was her, but you wouldn’t listen to me, telling some shit like the president’s wife wouldn’t dress like that, look at the mess now...”
	“I... how should I know what she looks like?”
	“What do we do now?”
	The two of them were still talking when the phone on their desk rang.
	When the line connected, their manager said, “You two don’t need to show up anymore tomorrow, get your stuff and go home.”
	“Sir, we...”
	“You don’t even know our president’s wife, what are you there for?”
	With a sound, the line disconnected.
	Both of them were pale on their faces, and sat back on their chairs.
	Jonathan pulled Angelia to the top level of the building.
	He was still looking angry, from his face expression she could see, but he still was holding her hand.
	His hand was pretty big, and very warm, so big that he could hold her small hand in his.
	Angelia wasn’t feeling very comfortable suddenly.
	“Mister Miller, you can let go of me now.”
	Jonathan completely ignored her, and pulled her out of the elevator.
	Then his secretary quickly walked towards them.
	“Sir, the reception just said...”
	Jonathan’s eyes went cold, his voice loud, “The reception said that someone was here to see me, why wouldn’t you tell me about it?”
	The secretary looked at Angelia who was standing behind Jonathan, and immediately understood what was going on.
	She didn’t expect that this time the Claudia Hunk was the real one.
	Shit...
	“Sir, I really...”
	“You can go now.”
	Jonathan fell in her word.
	The secretary suddenly went pale in her face.
	“You mean...”
	Jonathan called Truman’s number, and said coldly, “Truman, I want you to hire a new secretary tomorrow, I don’t need any employees who don’t even know who they are dealing with.”
	The secretary was so scared now that she was trembling all over, she put her hand on Jonathan’s arm.
	“Mister Miller, please give me another chance!”
	Jonathan knitted his brows angrily, his eyes fixed on that hand of hers on his arm.
	“Let go of my arm, you are messing up my sleeve.”
	“Sir, I am sorry I made a mistake, I cannot lose this job.”
	Jonathan didn’t care for her, and shook off her hand.
	“Everyone who makes mistakes would say that.”
	Angelia felt sorry for his secretary who was now crying, she raised her hand and pulled on Jonathan’s sleeve.
	“Let it go.”
Chapter 79 Talia Restaurant
	Jonathan turned to look at her, “She made you wait downstairs for more than an hour!”
	“But I am okay with that.”
	Jonathan knitted his brows.
	Angelia lowered her hand, she thought he was angry with her because she pulled on his sleeve and knitted it.
	Then she said, “I will fix your suit for you.”
	Jonathan’s face smoothed a little after that.
	“Get her to our other department.”
	When he said that, he pulled Angelia to his office.
	His office was huge, most of it was empty, only one desk that was in front of the big window, and one had the whole city in his eyes looking through this window.
	Angelia looked around, and was just about to say something.
	She turned, and saw that Jonathan was taking off his shirt.
	His suit jacket was already off, his tie was on his desk, and some of his buttons on the shirt were loose, showing a part of his chest.
	He went to his closet on the side, and took another suit out of it, then he handed the other one over to Angelia.
	“Hold this.”
	Angelia looked at him all confused.
	Jonathan’s face darkened again, he thought she might deny his demands.
	“Fix it and give it to me by tomorrow.”
	Angelia was stunned, she didn’t expect him to hand her his suit right away.
	Jonathan saw that she was thinking, and got angry.
	“Why, are you going to back out?”
	Angelia immediately shook her head.
	“No!”
	Angelia hugged the suit into her arms, and said curiously, “What did you ask me to come here for?”
	Jonathan didn’t answer and only changed quickly into his other suit, then he called Truman again into his office.
	“Can you please check out the situation at the mall, and send me the results by evening.”
	Truman nodded, and was surprised when he saw Jonathan, looking like he was going to leave early today.
	He looked at the time, their president usually wouldn’t finish his work before maybe 7 or 8 pm, what happened today?
	He did not only not do extra hours, but he was going leaving the office early?
	“Sir, if the other party asks about your whereabouts, what should I answer?”
	“Dinner.”
	Jonathan only said this one word, and was just about to leave the office, then he turned around again to pull Angelia with him.
	Truman stood where he was, and watched them leave, and sighed.
	“Apparently, men do change after getting married.”
	Just when he finished his thought, someone called him.
	It was the manager from downstairs, saying that Angela was here to see Jonathan.
	Truman asked, “Can she not get in contact with him?”
	“Miss Felix said she cannot reach him.”
	“Alright.”
	Truman nodded his head and said, “Tell her that Mister Miller is very busy now, so busy that he doesn’t even have time to take any calls, she should not come here to disturb him.”
	Jonathan was surely very busy right now, busy spending time with his wife.
	The last bit of light vanished into the far end of the horizon, and the sky was now drunken with darkness.
	Angelia was sitting in the car, her hands still holding the suit that Jonathan gave her.
	Actually there was not a single knit on the jacket, there was nothing that she needed to iron it for.
	But Jonathan looked at her as if he was going to fight with her, if she only dared to put that jacket down. So she held it like a treasure in her arms all this time.
	The car slowly took a hold when they arrived Talia in city center.
	The night has arrived, and the streets were shining with lights.
	Talia was a figure in a fable, and she was the godess of food. The restaurant that they were standing by now, was the only one that was a 3-Star Michelin restaurant.
	No matter the taste, the environment, or the service, this was one of the best existing restaurants, but what also had to go along with it was the pricing here.
	Angelia has heard about it before, just eating a small desert here would cost enough to cover the savings of a whole year of one of their employees.
	Even if someone planned to dine here, they had to place a reservation more than a week in advance.
	Angelia looked at the restaurant, and didn’t move.
	Jonathan looked at her, and could see that she was uncomfortable, his face softened.
	“What are you waiting for?”
	Angelia lowered her head, thoughtful.
	“Are we going to eat here?”
	She looked at herself, her normal shoes and normal dress, even though she has never been to such a fancy place before, but she knew, that if someone wanted to eat here, they had to follow a certain dress code.
	If Jonathan at least told her in advance, she would have had the chance to get changed.
	Jonathan saw that she still hasn’t moved yet, and looked at the suit that she was holding on to so tightly. His eyes were filled with joy suddenly. He reached out his hand and took his suit, then threw it on the back seat.
	“It’s not a treasure, why are you holding it all the time.”
	He was the one who asked her to hold on to it, and didn’t look happy when she put it down, but now he was again the one who threw it away as if it was trash.
	Angelia was pulled out of the car by him, and watched some other guests enter the restaurant.
	The men were all dressed in noble suits, and the women were either dressed in a pantsuit, or a evening dress, with high heels, and Angelia paused.
	“Shouldn’t I get changed too?”
	Jonathan followed her gaze and pulled her over.
	“As long as you are on my field, no one will dare to stop you.”
	Angelia raised her head to look at him.
	Jonathan was holding her waist.
	“This restaurant is mine, it was actually...”
	He said half of the sentence, then stopped suddenly and frowned, he looked annoyed.
	This restaurant was actually what he wanted to give to Angela, and he wanted to take here out here.
	Jonathan didn’t finish his sentence, he only pulled Angelia towards the entrance.
	The busboy at the entrance watched them come closer, and put on a huge smile to welcome them.
	“Mister Miller, would you like the suit on the top level?”
	Jonathan nodded, and walked inside.
	Angelia was being pulled by him, not very gently, and they crossed the entrance area that was filled with guests.
	Everyone turned to look at them, their gazes were fixed on Angelia, and they were watching her, with different kinds of expressions.
	Angelia’s body stiffened with nervousness, and she was holding her dress in her hand.
	Jonathan could feel the change of mood in her, and he hugged her waist.
	He pulled her closer to himself, and said into her ear, “They are just jealous of you.”
	When he was talking, his lips touched her earlobes, his hot breath on her neck.
	Her face blushed, she even felt that Jonathan kissed her on the ear when he talked to her.
	She blinked her eyes in disbelief, and thought that she only imagined the gesture.
	Why would Jonathan be so gentle to her.
	She was still feeling doubt, when she was following Jonathan to the elevators, her nervousness gone.
	Talia Restaurant was located upstairs in a very centered building, what was so special about this restaurant was, that even thought it was a restaurant, but it had two kinds of places to enjoy the meal.
	The part that was rated as a 3-Star Michelin restaurant was its VIP area.
	Almost everyone knew that the top level was even higher than the VIP area, and Jonathan had his own place there.
	They had to pass through long halls that had dim lights on, then they had to take a turn, and in front of them was a wide open space.
	The whole area was designed in glass, so that they had the whole city in front of them.
	And even the roof was made of glass, so that they could see the stars above them.
Chapter 80 He Has Eyes for Her
	A soft, white-colored carpet lay down on the floor; the dust was nowhere to be found on it.
	On the only dining table in the restaurant, the decanted red wine and silverware had been laid out neatly.
	Angelia walked over, an endless night sky came into her sight, making her can’t help to open her eyes wide.
	Let’s say the French windows in Jonathan’s office had made her impressed by his august presence as a monarch.
	And now, nature had astonished her by its beauty!
	At night, the shining lights in the city turned into the starlight, as far as she could see, the myriad of flickering city lights and the starry sky seemed to merge together, constituting a glowing and sparkling sea of stars.
	“It’s so beautiful...”
	Jonathan walked over to her and helped her to pull the chair.
	“We’ve time to watch it later.”
	Why rushing?
	Silently Angelia whispered in her heart. As she just sat down, the waiter came over and delivered a menu to her
	Jonathan had a look at his watch, a deep furrow appeared between his eyebrows, denoting that he was not really satisfied.
	He ordered dishes in haste, like he was running out of time.
	“If you’ve got stuff to do, we can visit here again next time.”
	Jonathan gave her a glance, then he forced himself to smooth the furrowed brows.
	“Let’s eat.”
	Angelia bowed her head, having a taste of the food. The steak was tender, succulent and had a nice chewy texture.
	Her eyes were lit up, she cut the steak into small pieces with the knife and fork slowly.
	Even though she had been visiting the western restaurant with her friends before; however, still she was not skilled to use the knife and fork. After working hard for a long time, eventually she managed to put the steak into her mouth.
	Jonathan gazed at her with a frown, he cut the steak on his plate into several small pieces of equal dimensions with speed and efficiency.
	He then handed his plate to Angelia.
	Angelia saw the extra plate, looking at him in confusion.
	Jonathan frowned.
	“Let’s get stuck in.”
	Having spoken these words he switched his plate with Angelia’s naturally.
	Then, he cut the steak into small pieces again, putting it into his mouth.
	His every movement was so graceful.
	Angelia stared at him blankly.
	“Err...”
	“What’s wrong?”
	“I have eaten that.”
	Jonathan looked up to her, his look brooked no intervention.
	“Are you suffering from any infectious disease?”
	Immediately, Angelia shook her head.
	“I don’t.”
	“Then let’s eat now.”
	Jonathan raised his hand, again, putting a small piece of steak into his mouth.
	He didn’t mind eating the leftovers of Angelia at all.
	Angelia dared not to say any other words, she felt so nervous and drank the red wine frequently.
	After the first drink, she felt like reaching for another drink, but Jonathan beat her to it and took her wine glass away.
	“I don’t feel like carrying you home later.”
	Angelia was not a drinker, even a few glasses of champagne could liquor her up.
	Although she was not annoying when she was drunk, instead, she was kind of cute.
	However, today was not the same as usual.
	Jonathan asked the waiter to put the wine away, he was afraid that she would get drunk.
	Right after Angelia finished the main dish, Jonathan urged her to eat the soup.
	Even though he didn’t say any word, his look obviously was hurrying her up, hinting to her that they’ve run out of time.
	In the rush, Angelia only ate two mouthfuls of the soup, then quickly she put it down.
	“I’m done.”
	Jonathan glanced at the soup, she had barely eaten it.
	“Finish up the soup.”
	“You aren’t...”
	“The soup is equivalent to your weekly tuition fee.”
	Angelia was pop-eyed with shock, her tuition fee was approximately millions Yuan per year, which meant that her weekly tuition fee would be…
	She was in a trance for a while, then she bowed her head and took a few mouthfuls of the soup again.
	It made Jonathan feel strange and amusing to see her like this.
	The soup was expensive; nevertheless, compared to other dishes that had been served on this table today, it was not more expensive.
	For instance, the foie gras which Angelia had only a taste just now was twice the price of the soup.
	However, he didn’t intend to remind her.
	Moreover, in terms of the financial background of Hunks family, this little amount of money was only a drop in the ocean.
	What made her so surprised?
	Jonathan didn’t wait for Angelia to finish eating, suddenly he arose from his seat.
	“Stand up.”
	Angelia lifted her head.
	“Are we leaving?”
	She always thought that Jonathan might be busy doing something later.
	Standing up, as she prepared to make her return, Jonathan held her hand suddenly.
	“Where are you going?”
	“Come back.”
	He held Angelia’s hand and led her to stand in front of the French windows, tapping lightly his slender finger on the glass window.
	“Don’t move. Look this way.”
	Doubtfully, Angelia stared at the point where Jonathan had pointed his finger at.
	The tone of Jonathan suggested some dissatisfaction.
	“We’ve got just enough time at first, but you’ve delayed it since you stayed one more hour in the company.”
	He complained as Angelia turned over her head and felt like explaining to him.
	All of a sudden, the sound similar to a sharp whistle came from outside.
	It was sort of familiar to her.
	Immediately, Angelia looked toward the place pointed by Jonathan just now.
	An almighty bang was heard.
	At that moment, a splendid firework bloomed in the night sky!
	The mighty firework almost covered the entire sky, it was so close and she even felt that she could touch the firework simply by her hands.
	Angelia opened her eyes wide.
	She had never seen a firework which was so stunning.
	The radiance of the shining stars had been taken away at that moment. After that, the firework disappeared gradually, melting itself into the vast expanse of starry sky.
	The first firework had not vanished yet, but the second firework started blooming again!
	This firework was even more splendid than the former!
	Angelia took a deep breath, pressing her hand against the glass window, she eventually understood what was meant by the sentence uttered by Jonathan just now.
	“You rushed me only to show me this surprise?”
	No wonder he was so pissed off when he found out that she had been sitting in the staff room for an hour.
	No wonder he kept rushing her to finish her meal just now, even though he didn’t mention any words about the fireworks show.
	The firework shined in Angelia’s eyes, like the stars falling into her eyes.
	The transparent glass window reflected her face in Jonathan’s eyes.
	Angelia raised her head, gazing at the night sky painted by bright stars and brilliant fireworks.
	Meanwhile, Jonathan lowered his head, couldn’t take his eye off the reflection of Angelia.
	He reached out his hand, hugging Angelia from behind.
	“I’m telling you, if you ever want to watch the fireworks, it can only be me who accompany you.”
	He was domineering and was the only one who had the brass neck to utter those unreasonable words.
	“I want you to think only about me when you see any fireworks.”
	Despite he knew that this woman was not the one he was looking for; despite he knew that she was not some sort of good woman in the past.
	But the desire to conquer her heart was so strong that even he himself couldn’t control.
	Just like these fireworks, he wanted Angelia to think only of him whenever she saw the fireworks.
	His warm breath was sprayed on her earlobe as he whispered in a husky tone to her, it was crazily teasing Angelia’s nerve.
	“You mean Echo? As what I’ve told you before, that is…”
	“That’s not allowed too.”
	He rejected the request like a tyrant.
	“Even an accidental peek is not allowed too.”
	Angelia trembled, she couldn’t help to grab his shirt tightly.
	“Why?”
	Jonathan looked into her eyes deeply, opening his mouth, but no words was spoken.
	He gritted his teeth, said, “Because I’m Jonathan Miller.”
	With the last words spoken, he then turned Angelia’s face away, like he wanted to run away from this question.
	Jonathan tilted his head, then kissed her from behind, not letting go of her lips.
	This kiss was so gentle, incredibly.
	Slowly and carefully, he was like testing her and was like suppressing himself as well, he was worrying that he might scare him away.
	This was the first time.
	Outside the window, the fireworks were blooming and they were so magnificent.
	Angelia had her eyes imprinted with those fireworks.
	But his eyes were imprinted with her.
	Without any notice, deep inside his heart, it was all her.
	Although he didn’t want to admit it.
Chapter 81 Mr Miller Only Eat What You Make
	Angelia looked out the window, and the fireworks that night was still vivid.
	As long as she thought of the hot kiss, she will blush unconsciously.
	What exactly did Jonathan's word mean?
	Just thinking about it, a person suddenly came over and blocked her sight.
	Angela put her hands around her chest and looked at her with disapproval.
	"Hey, go tell Jonathan that I want to eat with him tonight."
	Angelia raised her head and glanced at her.
	"Why don't you say it yourself?"
	Angela froze.
	If she can contact Jonathan, did she still need her to help?
	Since yesterday she called Jonathan, but no one answered.
	Although Jonathan sent an assistant to help her arrange everything and she can do whatever she wants, she made countless calls to Jonathan and no one answered.
	Even if she called his assistant Truman, he would only tell her that Jonathan was busy.
	Busy?
	Was he avoiding her?
	Angela was not reconciled. She had a hard time getting to Jonathan. How could she let him go?
	She glared at Angelia, and said in a nasty voice, "it’s none of your business! What you should do is follow my order. Do you really treat yourself as Mrs. Miller?"
	Angela sneered, then raised her hand and knocked on the table.
	"I tell you, you just are a coward who will be bullied by me all your life."
	Angelia's face became cold. She stood up and said, "Do yourself."
	After speaking, she turned and left the classroom without waiting for Angela to speak.
	After going out, Angelia came to the car that parked at the door, but she did not see the steward.
	This car did not seem to be the same car when the steward and driver came to pick her up.
	She hesitated for a while. Then the window slowly opened and Jonathan's face came out.
	"Why are you?"
	Angelia glanced at the time.
	It was only four o'clock in the afternoon. Shouldn't Jonathan be at the company?
	"You got off work early?"
	Jonathan just gave Truman all his job and left work early in the face of everyone's surprise.
	He said without a guilty conscience, "Nothing to do today."
	Seeing Angelia's suspicious face, he explained with dissatisfaction, "I'm just passing by. The steward is old and hard to work. I'll pick you up in the future."
	"The driver can pick me up, don't bother you."
	Jonathan's face fell.
	"Get on!"
	Angelia was a little puzzled. She was thinking about him. Why was he angry?
	After getting on the car, Jonathan said nothing with a calm face.
	After waiting for a long time, he didn't hear Angelia speak, so he glanced at her and saw she was looking out the window in a daze.
	It was attractive outside?
	Jonathan frowned and stared at the familiar street outside.
	"There will be a charity party in two days," he said.
	Angelia turned her head to look at him.
	Jonathan continued, "You will go with me."
	"Ok."
	Angelia thought about it. Angela's words came to her mind. After a long hesitation, she still did not speak.
	Jonathan saw she was frowning and thought she was worried about the party.
	"You just need to follow me then."
	After speaking, he glanced at Angelia again and deliberately said, "This dance party is very strict in management. Don't run around. If you are kicked out, don't tell others that you are my partner."
	Angelia nodded very seriously.
	"I know, I will follow you."
	Jonathan was finally satisfied. He stepped on the accelerator, and quickly returned to the castle.
	Angelia originally thought Angela would find a way to contact Jonathan again, but she didn't expect that she could not wait and came here this evening.
	After the butler got the news, he quickly notified Jonathan.
	A few days ago, Jonathan gave an order not to let Angela in casually.
	As soon as she came here today, she was kept out.
	Jonathan glanced at Angelia. His face fell slightly.
	"I go out and have a look."
	Angelia watched him go out and was just about to go upstairs, but Aurelia suddenly came over and pulled her.
	"Miss Hunk."
	She spoke embarrassedly. "I have something to ask for your help."
	"What’s up?"
	The cook took her to the kitchen and opened the cabinet on the side.
	"Mr Miller asks people to send it."
	Angelia looked inside, and the cabinet turned out to be a huge fish tank full of fish.
	"Fish?"
	She looked at it in surprise. There were more than a dozen different fishes swimming around in the water.
	"He wants to eat fish?"
	The cook nodded and looked very distressed.
	"He doesn't eat fish."
	"But the porridge last time..."
	Jonathan obviously ate several bowls of fish porridge Angelia made casually last time.
	Aurelia looked sad, "Maybe he just eat what you make.”
	Angelia was taken aback for a moment.
	"But…"
	"During this time, I made a lot of fish, but Mr Miller didn't eat them. I think he might want you to cook for him."
	She looked at Angelia and her eyes were full of hope.
	"I?"
	Angelia pointed to herself and turned to look at the fish in the fish tank.
	"But he never said it."
	Aurelia looked at her teasingly.
	"It must be true, Miss Hunk, you will know if you try."
	Angelia contemplated for a moment.
	"Ok."
	After more than half an hour, Jonathan never came back.
	Angelia glanced at the squirrel mandarin fish on the table.
	Angela came to see Jonathan this time just because she wanted to eat with him?
	She sat at the door, looking down at her toes.
	She did not know how long after, a voice suddenly sounded overhead.
	"What are you doing here?"
	Hearing the sound, Angelia raised her head and looked at Jonathan in surprise.
	"Did you not go to have dinner?"
	"What?"
	He frowned. Just now Angela kept saying that the place she lived in was uncomfortable and she needed to change it. She asked Jonathan to go see a new one with her.
	Jonathan was pestered by her for a while, and finally called the assistant to take her away.
	He didn't know Angela wasn’t like the girl he used to like.
	Was it really because everyone will change after a long time?
	He looked down at Angelia before him.
	Even this arrogant woman of Hunk family will change, so how can Angela still not change?
	His eyes focused on Angelia again.
	"Stand up."
	He stretched his hand.
	Angelia just stood up and felt her legs numb. She fell down and was just caught by Jonathan.
	"How long have you been sitting here?"
	"So troublesome."
	He complained, bent down, hugged her and walked inside.
	Just passing by the dining room, Aurelia said anxiously, "Sir, the food is ready. Today the food is squirrel mandarin fish."
	Jonathan kept walking, holding Angelia upstairs.
	"I have no appetite."
	"It is Miss Hunk who made it specially for you."
	Jonathan paused with no expression on his face.
	"...I'll get down later."
Chapter 82 Charity Party
	The SH Charity Party was well-known in the field.
	Members who can participate in the SH Charity Party involved business, politics, and entertainment circles. Only those who had achieved the highest achievements in the field were eligible to participate.
	It can be said that if people get the invitation card of the SH Charity Party, it is the greatest affirmation of his identity.
	Jonathan had received such invitations in the past few years, but he had never participated.
	In such a party, charity was supplemented, and more people used it as a place for transactions.
	People in the business and political circles were inquiring about the latest policies and trends, while people in the entertainment circle wanted to take this opportunity to marry the rich.
	When Jonathan received the invitation a few days ago, he didn't refuse as before, but thought of Angelia.
	A black car drove in the dark and was quietly driving into the city center.
	The car stopped slowly in front of a villa.
	Cars were all approaching here.
	These low-key people in the car were a big shot.
	Today almost all these people gathered here.
	Jonathan walked in with Angelia and checked her clothes.
	Angelia was a little uncomfortable.
	When she came out of the villa just now, she was originally wearing only a long white strapless dress
	But as soon as she came out, Jonathan fell and asked her to wear a coat and buttoned her coat.
	She felt a little hot.
	Jonathan was very satisfied.
	Why chose the dress?
	This kind of dress can be worn at home, but can’t wear outside.
	He pulled Angelia's coat in dissatisfaction.
	Under the light, Angelia's skin was like white jade, and her eyes were bright.
	Even if the dress was conservative, she looked beautiful.
	If she wore that dress, she will definitely attract a group of people.
	Jonathan fell and suddenly regretted that he shouldn't take her to the charity party.
	The people here were not good people.
	Angelia found he was unhappy.
	"What’s wrong?"
	Jonathan suppressed all the thoughts in his heart and turned around.
	"Let's go."
	Angelia nodded and held his arm.
	Then Jonathan's mood improved slightly, and he was worried, "Follow me later."
	The two had just walked in, and then a white car was close here.
	As soon as the car stopped, Angela walked out of it.
	She looked around and saw the villa in front of her. There was a smile on her heavily made-up face.
	A middle-aged man with a big belly and a greasy face in his 40s or 50s also got off from the car.
	The expensive suit didn't match him. He couldn't even button up. His head was hairless, reflecting the light of a street lamp.
	He walked down with a smile on his face, his eyes constantly moving back and forth on Angela.
	"Miss Felix."
	He reached out and touched Angela's waist. "Now you believe I can bring you here?"
	Angela smiled at him, but she felt extremely sick in her heart.
	If it weren't for coming in here to find Jonathan, she wouldn't bother to accompany this old man!
	But now, to see Jonathan, she had to endure.
	"Mr. Taylor, you are so amazing, I've long wanted to see it."
	Zach Taylor smiled with satisfaction and touched Angela's hands.
	"Of course, as long as you are with me, you can get everything."
	Angela leaned on him tenderly.
	"Mr. Taylor, don't you know my thought?"
	Zach laughed and touched Angela's ass.
	"You little fairy."
	Angela catered to him on the surface, but she already cursed him in her heart.
	But in order to get Jonathan’s love, she had to rely on him.
	In the villa.
	With the arrival of Jonathan and Angelia, the party instantly became lively.
	People in the party toasted each other.
	Jonathan had refused invitations from the SH Charity Party for several consecutive years. This was well-known.
	People thought he would be absent this year, but didn't expect that not only did he arrive, but he also brought a female companion.
	As soon as the two of them came in, they attracted everyone's attention.
	During this time, Angela intentionally expanded her reputation and constantly exaggerated her and Jonathan's affairs.
	She seemed to have regarded herself as the mistress of the Miller family.
	Everyone who didn't know the truth may believe that Jonathan had a lover named Angela outside.
	But now people saw that the woman with Jonathan was clearly not Angela.
	Everyone was a little curious.
	However, when they observed carefully, they found that although the woman around Jonathan wore conservative clothes and was lightly made up, she was more dazzling than many stars at the party.
	She had a gentle temperament that no one else can match.
	Jonathan found that everyone's eyes were on Angelia, his face was gloomier.
	It was a wrong decision to bring her to the party!
	Jonathan came to the conclusion right away and even wanted to take her away now.
	But before he could act, someone could not restrain himself and walked over.
	"Mr. Miller, I didn't expect you to come this year."
	Although the other party was talking to Jonathan, when he walked over, his eyes kept falling on Angelia.
	Obviously he had ulterior motives.
	Soon, he asked, "Could you introduce the beautiful lady to me?"
	Jonathan sneered.
	"My wife."
	The other party was obviously taken aback.
	There were rumors outside that Jonathan and his wife were at odds, otherwise he would not be with Angela.
	But now, Jonathan had been putting his hand around Angelia's waist since he came in, declaring his ownership strongly.
	Who on earth said they didn't love each other?
	The man smiled awkwardly, but he could clearly feel Jonathan's hostility.
	Just about to leave, he didn't expect another movement from the door.
	As soon as he turned his head, he saw Angela was also here!
	Everyone looked at her in shock. Jonathan had just arrived here, and she also arrived.
	And they glanced at the people who came in with Angela, and they all shook their heads.
	Zach had a very bad reputation. He was an old goat. As long as a woman has beautiful appearance, he would approach her and have sex with her.
	The reason why he had never had any trouble was that he has money.
	Why was Angela with him now?
	Did Jonathan abandon her?
	Angelia turned her head and saw Jonathan frowning. He looked at Angela who walked in.
	People were conjecturing in their heart. At this moment, a voice came from the stage of the banquet hall.
	"Good evening everyone, welcome to the SH Charity Party."
	Hearing this voice, Angelia looked back quickly.
	The host turned out to be Echo!
Chapter 83 Located Claudia
	Echo stood in the spotlight and immediately drew the attention of everyone.
	“Can everyone please settle down? The party will begin soon.”
	He winked at Angelia and then took care of others.
	Every year, the host of the SH Charity Party will be the most popular actress of that year. Though they are used to seeing movie stars, their eyes lit up when they saw Echo.
	There aren’t many attendees of the SH Charity Party but every year it will raise tens of millions of dollars in donations.
	These monies were raised by auctioning off the items donated by some guests. When the evening ends, the monies will be donated to charities and build a primary school.
	Jonathan gave his number sign to Angelia.
	Very quickly, an oil painting was brought up and was donated by a movie star.
	With a microphone in hand, Echo was in his element and the atmosphere of the auction became lively.
	Angelia was shocked to see that each time the guests raised their number sign, the price would rise by a hundred thousand. In a few minutes, the price of the painting went to a million.
	She looked at the painting on the stage and couldn’t figure how that could be worth so much.
	Jonathan saw her expression and said, “You want that?”
	Angelia was quick to shake her hand to say no.
	“Is the painter both an actor and an artist?”
	“No.” Jonathan laughed and pointed to an actress who was in a red dress.
	“This is only for show and publicity. No one came for charity. They are here for the publicity.” He smirked and laughed coldly.
	“Then what about you?” Angelia looked at him.
	Jonathan calmly said in arrogance, “My reputation is not given by others.”
	Very soon, the painting was bought for two million dollars. The second auction item was brought forward.
	Angelia observed and noticed that the people here weren’t concerned by the auction item. The higher the status of the item’s donor, the higher the auction price will be.
	Very soon it reached the end of the auction and even Angela instructed Zach to buy two items.
	Angelia didn’t move until the last auction item was carefully brought onto the stage.
	The covering cloth was lifted and on the white tray was a QU Stone paperweight.
	The spotlight shone onto the precious item and the whole stage glittered.
	Angelia’s eyes lit up and even from afar, this was no ordinary paperweight.
	True enough, being the highlight of the Charity event, everyone became excited.
	Those who had an interest in antiques immediately became enticed by it.
	Angelia observed carefully. Jonathan looked at her and saw her eyes sparkle. She was looking at the paperweight like a cat looking at a bird.
	Some people were already calling out the prices but she didn’t raise her hand.
	In the blink of an eye, the price raised to five million dollars. The number of bidders reduced and it was about to be sold.
	Suddenly, Jonathan raised Angelia’s hand. Echo looked at their hands and stared in disbelief.
	“Six million!” A deep and confident voice raised the price by a million.
	Angelia was stunned and looked at him. Jonathan smiled.
	“Don’t you want it?”
	Jonathan continued, “This is for my publicity.” He smirked with a mischievous expression.
	Then he whispered into Angelia’s ears, “Have I given you a gift?”
	Angelia was stunned and her ears were buzzing.
	“No.”
	“Then this will be the first one.” Jonathan raised his hand again.
	“Ten million!”
	The rowdy crowd went silent immediately.
	At ten million, it was the highest auction item price in the history of SH Charity Party!
	Furthermore, this was the first time Jonathan attended the charity and his first time at an auction.
	At this price, no one else challenged his bid.
	Echo’s expression calmed down and with a hammer of the gavel, the final price was fixed.
	The paperweight was carefully wrapped and Jonathan didn’t even bother to look at it and handed it over to Angelia.
	“Take it, don’t lose it.”
	A paperweight valued at ten million dollars was in her hands. How can she lose it?
	Any knock will greatly depreciate its value.
	“This thing is too valuable, I can’t…”
	Jonathan’s expression changed.
	“Take it.”
	Some people began to come over to introduce themselves as soon as the auction was over.
	Jonathan didn’t want to bother but in the end, he couldn’t help it.
	“I’ll wait for you here,” Angelia said.
	Jonathan didn’t want to leave her alone considering that Echo was around.
	And Angelia had the paperweight in her hands and didn’t want to leave her seat. She was afraid that it may be damaged if she went with Jonathan to mingle with the crowd.
	Jonathan didn’t have a choice and said, “Don’t go anywhere, if someone were to drive you out, I…”
	“I won’t say that it’s you who brought me in.”
	Angelia completed his sentence but didn’t expect his expression to change for the worse.
	“How dare you! Tell them my name and no one will dare to touch you.”
	He left after that warning.
	Angelia stood quietly in position but she was dying to unwrap the paperweight to inspect it.
	Angela leaned onto Zach and kept looking towards Jonathan and Angelia.
	Once she saw Jonathan leave, she dragged Zach towards him.
	“Let’s go over there for a look.”
	Zach saw that she was pointing to the garden and sheepishly agreed as he held onto Angela’s waist.
	“Okay, okay, let’s go over.”
	Once they were in the middle of the garden, Zach couldn’t wait anymore and lunged towards her.
	Angela hated his advance but acted as she was shy. Her eyes continued to search her surroundings.
	Her expression changed as soon as she saw Jonathan.
	Zach was all over her and his smelly mouth continued to kiss her neck.
	Angela didn’t struggle but the next moment, she yelled for help.
	“Help! Zach, don’t do this!”
	“No! Please help me!”
	Jonathan was discussing business with the director of Deep Blue and heard the cry for help and turned to look.
	Angela was pressed onto a chair by Zach and was crying and shouting.
	At the other end, Angelia was still standing where she was, her hands carefully holding onto the box with the paperweight.
	Suddenly someone gently tugged on her.
	Angelia turned and it was Echo.
	“Angelia.” He whispered loud enough that no else could hear.
	“Echo?”
	Echo looked around and said softly, “I found Claudia.”
Chapter 84 I Beg for Your Help
	Angelia’s heart skipped a beat and turned to look at Echo in surprise.
	She kept trying to locate Claudia to get back her identity.
	But now that they have some information on her whereabouts, she actually felt at a loss.
	“Found her?”
	Echo nodded. After he obtained those few photos, he engaged some people to look in S city and managed to find some leads.
	“They are still in S city.” He stretched his hand and held onto Angelia.
	“Once we find her you will be able to leave Jonathan.”
	Angelia looked at him in surprise. The paperweight in her hands seems to be like a boulder crushing her heart.
	Echo thought that she was worried about Jonathan’s revenge.
	“Once we get her back, we’ll go overseas together and Jonathan will never find us. At the orphanage, I will…”
	Before he could finish, the commotion of the garden spread over.
	“I’ve already said that Zach is a scoundrel.”
	“Angela doesn’t have anyone to blame but herself, luckily nothing happened.”
	“How disgusting that he dared to do this in front of so many people.”
	Angelia was curious and walked over and the crowd hurriedly cleared a path for her.
	Angela’s hair was in a mess and lowered her head and cried. Her shoulders were covered by Jonathan’s jacket.
	From her angle, it looked as if Angela was in his embrace.
	Angelia stopped and very quickly Jonathan looked over.
	His eyes looked down slowly and saw Echo holding onto Angelia’s hand. His expression immediately changed. He brushed off Angela, and stepped forward but was held back.
	“Jonathan…”
	She grabbed tightly onto Jonathan’s clothes and cried.
	“I’m frightened, please don’t go.”
	Jonathan’s eyes flared as he fixated onto Angelia and stepped forward another step.
	Angela cried again.
	“Jonathan, please don’t leave, didn’t you say that you’ll protect me?”
	Jonathan paused and his fists were clenched so tightly they trembled and his eyes were red with fury.
	When Angelia saw them, she slowly let go of Echo’s hand and looked at him from a distance.
	Jonathan turned and took Angela away with him.
	Those onlookers started to disperse.
	Once Jonathan left, they started to discuss what had happened and occasionally glanced at Angelia.
	“Looks like she is not the one he loves.”
	“It was rumored that the marriage was forced, who will do it willingly?”
	“What’s this known as? Eating the forbidden fruit?”
	“Forget it, she is now the legal wife, so what if she isn’t loved? Are you willing to do it?”
	Echo looked angrily at everyone around. They turned around in fear and stopped gossiping.
	He turned and looked at the expressionless Angelia.
	“Angelia.”
	He stretched out his hand and wanted to pull her.
	Angelia turned and avoided his hand. “I’m leaving.”
	Echo ran over to her. “I’ll send you.”
	He walked a couple of steps and the steward hurried over and said sternly. He approached Angelia and glared at Echo. “Missus, Master asked me to send you home.”
	“What about Jonathan?”
	The steward lowered his head.
	“Master… he has something on and left.”
	“He sent Angela home?” Angelia asked in return.
	Just as the steward wanted to answer, Angelia placed the paperweight onto his hands.
	“Let’s go home.”
	The steward was surprised to see the precious item in his hands.
	“Missus, then what about this…”
	Angelia walked out without looking back, “Just find a place and keep it.”
	The steward paused and turned towards Echo and said sternly.
	“Mister Bello, please be clear of who you are.”
	Echo shifted his gaze from Angelia to the steward.
	“Steward, what’s the meaning of this?”
	The steward was neither disrespectful nor meek.
	“Mr. Miller doesn’t like anyone to touch his things nor his people.”
	Echo smirked.
	“I know that Claudia is his, no one will snatch from him.”
	The steward raised his head to look at him trying to assess if these words were true.
	He nodded after several moments and left.
	Echo stood in place and raised his hands for a look.
	“Angelia, don’t worry, I will definitely set you free.”
	He sighed and the phone suddenly rang.
	Echo took it out and quickly walked to a window without anyone around.
	“Yes? Detective Hammer, what have you found?”
	The voice over the phone was anxious.
	“Yes, it’s about Claudia, I went to the hospital with her…”
	Angelia returned to the old castle.
	Before she got out of the car, steward couldn’t resist and said, “Missus, Master and Miss Felix’s relationship is rather unique. He can’t let go of Miss Felix and he can’t get out of the pit.”
	Angelia lifted her head and looked at him.
	“What pit?”
	The steward frowned deeply and was hesitating whether to say.
	After a while, he said, “Master waited for her for twelve years.”
	Angelia was surprised and forced out a laugh.
	“Okay.”
	She got out of the car and the steward ran after her.
	He wanted to explain but saw the men at the door of the castle.
	Michael was at the door and when he saw Angelia, he laughed and walked over.
	“Claudia, you’re finally back.”
	The steward looked at him and frowned.
	“Master Michael, do you need something?”
	Michael laughed, “I’m here to look for my brother, isn’t he home?”
	“Master had something on and left.”
	“Then it’s going to get complicated.”
	Michael sighed, turned to Angelia, and said, “Claudia, actually I have something and would like to discuss with you.”
	Angelia looked at him doubtfully. After she was scolded by Jennie at the Miller family, she stopped contacting Michael.
	What does he have that involved her?
	“Let’s talk inside.”
	The steward looked worriedly at Michael and turned to look at the road.
	When will Master come back?
	“What’s up?” Angelia sat on the sofa and asked.
	Michael laughed, “Actually I’m here for brother because recently we have a common project that required to submit a bid. I’m here to discuss this with him.
	Angelia shook her head.
	“I don’t know anything work-related.”
	“It’s nothing complicated. I’m just thinking that since he isn’t around, then I’d like to seek your opinion.”
	He looked at the steward who serving tea and said, “I heard that you were involved in the design of GS New Shopping Mall?”
	“Our project is a bidding exercise for the city center. It’ll be great if you can help out.”
	“I’m really not familiar with this.”
	On seeing the steward leave, Michael grabbed Angelia’s hand.
	“Angelia, I beg you to help me out.”
Chapter 85 I Help You
	Michael held Angelia's hand tightly and his face was full of anxiety.
	"Only you can help me."
	"What I can help you?"
	"You know, I always set my brother as my goal. In this bidding event, my brother and I compete for this project."
	"I know it's wrong, but Miller group is not as good as it used to be. If I can't win this project, the whole company will go bankrupt!"
	He took Angelia and said earnestly, "Give me my brother’s plan..."
	"No way."
	Upon hearing this, Angelia quickly refused.
	"I can't do this."
	Michael had guessed that she would refuse, and continued to said, "Help me this time. If I can’t get this project, the whole Miller family will be over."
	"You can go to Jonathan for help, maybe..."
	"He would never agree!"
	Michael interrupted Angelia and said, "I can assure you that I just take a look at the plan and I will never do anything else."
	Angelia frowned.
	"Sorry, I really can't help you."
	"Now Jonathan is not at home, is he? I know you used to work in his study, and you are allowed to enter the study."
	He pulled Angelia tightly.
	"Help me, help the people in Miller family. This project was originally Miller Group’s. If it wasn't for my brother..."
	"Claudia..."
	Angelia didn't expect that he wanted her to steal the plan, otherwise she would never let him in just now.
	"I really…"
	Seeing that she was about to refuse again, Michael quickly said, "I know you don't like Angela being close to Jonathan, I can help you."
	Angelia opened her mouth.
	He quickly said, "Not only this, but other things, as long as you put forward, I will definitely agree.”
	Angelia hesitated for a while, and then asked slowly, "I heard that you and the Hunk family are developing the western suburbs. There is a Sunshine Orphanage there, right?"
	There was confusion in Michael's eyes, but he reacted quickly.
	"Yes, as long as you can help me, no matter what the request is, I can do it."
	Angelia clasped her hands together. She had an inner struggle in her heart.
	Seeing her waver, Michael took out a small box.
	"I can also give it to you."
	"What is this?"
	She took it. When she just opened, her face turned pale instantly, and she closed it quickly!
	"Why do you have this?"
	"What do you know?"
	Michael glanced at the box.
	"Can you help me?"
	Angelia turned pale and squeezed the box in her hand tightly.
	She was silent for a long time before finally speaking.
	"I will help you."
	Michael smiled with joy.
	"Great! I know, you will promise me. Hurry up, or my brother will come back."
	Angelia took a deep breath and walked up to the second floor.
	She opened the door of the study.
	She was here to help Jonathan repair the photo necklace.
	The information Michael wanted was on the table. Jonathan didn't seem to worry about the plan being stolen.
	Angelia picked it up and looked at it. The details of the tender were recorded on it.
	For the design standards and budgetary costs of the downtown area, each item was very detailed.
	Even if she was not good at this kind of project, she also knew that the plan was perfect.
	If it is showed that day, the project will definitely belong to Jonathan on the day of the bidding.
	But…
	Angelia quickly collected the information and was about to leave.
	But at this time she found that on the other side of the table, there were a few useless manuscripts...
	A few minutes later, when Angelia came down from the stairs again, there was an document in her hand.
	Michael hurriedly came to her.
	"How? Is this this?"
	Before Angelia could speak, he rushed over.
	Seeing Angelia frowned, he smiled and said, "Don't worry, I won't cause harm to my brother's company."
	Angelia clasped her hands tightly.
	"You can leave."
	Michael smiled and raised the document in his hand.
	"Thanks."
	He turned and walked outside.
	As soon as he walked to the door, he met Jonathan who came back.
	When Jonathan saw him, he was dissatisfied.
	"Why are you here?"
	Michael put the information behind him.
	"Brother, I'm here to discuss with you about this tender."
	Jonathan was cold.
	"Even if you come, I will not give up this bidding."
	"I know, this time I will definitely have a fair competition with you!"
	Jonathan sneered, ignored him, and walked in.
	He just took two steps, and felt a little uneasy.
	He turned his head to look at Michael and saw the file bag in his hand, which seemed familiar.
	Michael quickly left the villa with the document. When he finally came outside, he stopped.
	After checking the information in hand again, he was sure that it was indeed the plan of this bidding.
	He laughed in satisfaction, took out his cell phone and dialed a number.
	"I got it."
	"By the way, what is in the box you gave me? She didn't agree at first, but she agreed after saw it."
	"Of course I remember our cooperation, but you should delay Jonathan for a while. I almost bump into him."
	"Okay, I'll talk about it then."
	After hanging up the phone, he looked at the information in his hand with satisfaction and turned into the car.
	Inside the villa.
	Just as Jonathan walked in, he saw Angelia sitting motionless on the sofa. He recalled that she and Echo held their hands in the party.
	His face sank, and the blue veins on his forehead protruded out.
	"It seems that you still remember your identity!"
	He spoke suddenly, and threw the suit jacket beside Angelia.
	Angelia raised her head. She saw Jonathan, and stood up.
	"I'm going for a rest."
	"Stop!"
	Jonathan shouted violently.
	Angelia paused, but didn't stop, and went straight upstairs.
	"Claudia! Stop!"
	His face was so gloomy, and he grabbed Angelia.
	Angelia was standing on the steps, frowning with pain.
	"You let me go."
	Instead of letting go, he pulled her hard.
	Angelia fell forward and hit him directly.
	Jonathan squeezed her face.
	"What did you say to Echo today?"
	"Nothing."
	"Nothing?"
	He sneered, his slightly narrowed eyes splashed with a bit of cold light.
	"Then why is he holding your hand?"
	"We are just chatting."
	Angelia struggled and tried to escape.
	But Jonathan pulled her tightly.
	She shook her body and almost fell off the stairs.
	Jonathan's face changed suddenly, and he quickly reached out and hugged Angelia in his arms.
	"Damn it."
	He cursed and suddenly saw the paperweight on the corridor.
	"You actually threw what I gave you in the corridor?"
Chapter 86 I Don't Think You Love Me
	Angelia took to look at the place he was looking at.
	The paperweight she asked Steward to get back was decorated on the pillars in the corridor.
	When the light fell on it, it shined.
	But what Jonathan said before came to her mind.
	“Did I give you a gift?
	Then this is the first one.”
	Jonathan held her hand tightly.
	"You just throw it in the hallway?"
	This was the first time he sincerely wanted to give someone something.
	She directly put it away?
	Was this woman heartless?
	He was so angry that the blue veins stood out on his temples. Even Angela, after receiving the gift, she would coquettishly say thank you.
	But this woman not only didn’t thank him, but put it away.
	Angelia frowned. She struggled desperately and tried to push him away.
	But for Jonathan, this strength can be ignored.
	He clasped Angelia's hand easily.
	"I just asked Steward to find a place to put it." she explained.
	Unexpectedly, after that, Jonathan's eyes burst out flames of fury again!
	"Find a place to put it?"
	He sneered.
	"You even don't want to touch it?"
	Angelia turned away, avoiding his sight.
	After she saw Jonathan and Angela leaving, how could she keep the paperweight by her side?
	To remind herself of her wishful thinking?
	Jonathan waited for Angela for twelve years!
	How many years did he think of Angela in his mind?
	How much obsession did he have to remember a person for 12 years in his mind?
	She knew this feeling better than anyone else.
	Because she was waiting for her Jon to come back...
	But she hadn't found her Jon yet, and Jonathan had found the woman in his heart.
	How she compare with Angela?
	Angelia gave a wry smile. She seemed to lose her strength instantly. Her legs could hardly stand.
	She took a deep breath and kept herself from shedding tears.
	"Yes, I don't want to touch it. I don't even want to see it."
	She pushed Jonathan away. She couldn't push him away just now, but now it was so easy.
	Jonathan stood there and even forgot to grab her.
	Angelia took a step back.
	"I don't like this thing. When I see it..."
	She still couldn't go on. She turned her head and said, "Why don't you give it to your beloved Angela?"
	After speaking, she didn't even dare to look at Jonathan's expression, turned and walked towards the room.
	Jonathan clenched his fist.
	His eyes turned red.
	"Take back what you just said."
	The voice was very low, as if it was coming out of his throat with all his strength.
	But Angelia heard it.
	She did not stop, and continued to move forward.
	Jonathan raised his voice like a raging lion, defending his last treasure with anger and pride.
	"If you take another step, I will make you regret it! Regret for a lifetime! I, Jonathan, do what I say!"
	Angelia paused, but she did not look back.
	She didn't dare.
	She didn't dare to let Jonathan see the tears on her face.
	She wanted to maintain her last dignity.
	She took a deep breath, blinked back the tears, and tried to make her voice the same as usual.
	"What else can you do besides threats?"
	After speaking, the tears in her eyes rushed out again, soaking her eyes.
	Her eyes were blurred. She blinked and tears rolled down her eyes.
	But soon, the sight in front of him was blurred again.
	She hurried into the room.
	If she stayed for another second, she might cry.
	She might cry in front of Jonathan.
	Jonathan stood there. He clenched his fists, his body trembled faintly and his eyes became red because of anger.
	He stood for a while before turning around angrily.
	Steward hurried upstairs and noticed that the atmosphere was not right.
	“Sir?"
	Jonathan stopped and turned his head to look at the QU Stone Paperweight in the corridor.
	The exquisitely carved paperweight was dazzling, but it hurt his eyes.
	"Take this thing and throw it away!"
	Steward looked at him in shock and couldn’t react for a long time.
	Didn't Miss Angelia bring this paperweight back?
	And it looked like it was worth a lot. Why threw it away as soon as Angelia got it back?
	But Jonathan didn't explain much, and left with a calm face.
	It's just a woman. As long as he wanted, there were countless women around him.
	Not to mention she was the daughter from Hunk family!
	He went downstairs step by step.
	Since she was ruthless, why should he care about a woman's feelings?
	But…
	Why he felt heart-broken?
	Why did he still think of her?
	Steward stood in the hallway, looked at the two of them, and sighed.
	He carefully put away the paperweights in the corridor and kept them carefully.
	For several days, Angelia had not seen Jonathan.
	Steward told her intentionally that he has lived in the company during this time.
	He said this at Angelia's breakfast time and looked at her expectantly.
	Angelia didn't say anything. After finishing her breakfast, she turned and left.
	Steward had just gone out to call the driver. Angelia walked slowly, and saw Angela come down from the stairs.
	She had been sitting in the dining room just now and hadn't seen anyone come in.
	"Why are you here?"
	Angela walked down sneakily and was startled by the sound.
	When she found it was Angelia, she suddenly became arrogant.
	"I come here to help Jonathan get something."
	She sneered and glanced at Angelia.
	"If it wasn't for some people, how could Jonathan not even want to come back home and let me come back and get it?"
	"I advise you to leave quickly. Don’t occupy other people's homes. Do you feel ashamed?"
	She carried the bag in her hand, twisted her hips, and walked out enchantingly.
	There was a land tender in the DF district of the city center which was located on the Thames River, with an area of up to 5000 square meters.
	Located in the bustling city center, more than 20 domestic listed companies wanted this land.
	But only 3 companies would get this land.
	They wrote their own plans, construction and budget calculations for this piece of land, and at the same time conducted bidding.
	Without knowing the other party’s bid, the higher bidder wins.
	Such bidding is both an opportunity and a challenge. If the bid is too high, it may lead to deficits and loss of money.
	If the bid is too low, the project will be got by others.
	The best way is to find a way to know the opponent's plan and budget, and win by subtle gap.
	For this project worth more than one billion yuan, Jonathan personally appeared and participated in the bidding.
	M. T Group’s plan was perfect, both in terms of design and budget, reaching extremely high standards.
	In fact, when other companies knew about M.I Group also participated in this bidding, they also knew the result.
	But when Michael took out the plan, everyone was shocked.
	His project was very similar with M.I Group’s!
Chapter 87 Why Lie to Me?
	Two very similar contracts appeared at the same time.
	There was no doubt that one of the plans was stolen and copied.
	But the organizers didn't care about whose plan was stolen. All they want was a more perfect plan and a higher bid price.
	Obviously, Michael's plan had only been modified in some subtle places.
	But his bid price was higher than M.I Group 200,000 yuan.
	Compared with a big project worth of about billions yuan or more, 200,000 was obviously insignificant.
	But it was an indisputable fact that their price was higher than Jonathan.
	Jonathan noticed that the expressions of several organizers were serious, so he applied for the suspension of the bid.
	As soon as he walked out, one of the organizers came to Jonathan.
	"Mr. Miller, have you shown this project to others?"
	Jonathan instantly understood what he meant.
	The plan was leaked.
	And Michael’s project was likely to be the same as his, but their price was increased.
	Jonathan was sullen.
	"Give me half an hour."
	Only Truman, a few managers and he knew the content of this project, but all of them can be trusted.
	After the project was completed, it was kept in the study room.
	He took out his cell phone and made a call.
	"Steward, I want to know who entered my room during this time?"
	Steward said something that Jonathan held the phone tightly and his body straightened.
	"Are you sure that she had been in this room before? On the day Michael came to the villa?"
	Steward didn't understand why Jonathan asked this.
	"I saw the Miss Hunk coming out of the study that day and she seemed to be holding something in her hand."
	Jonathan was shocked.
	"Ok."
	After hanging up the phone, he stood there and his face was gloomy.
	Angelia sat in the room with a small box in front of her eyes.
	This was given to her when Michael threatened her before.
	She stretched out her hand, opened the hidden button on the box, and several photos appeared before her eyes.
	The first one was taken when she was standing in front of Sunshine Orphanage when she was a child.
	In the second picture, she was splashed with muddy water by Angela and pinned to the ground.
	The third...
	These photos were all photos of her when she was in the orphanage.
	It was all proof that she was not Claudia!
	How much did Michael know?
	Did Angela tell him?
	Angelia took out all the photos inside and cut them one by one with scissors.
	Claudia has not yet returned, and her identity cannot be revealed yet.
	She quickly cut all the photos into pieces. She made up her mind and took out the phone, and sent a message to Echo.
	"Make time to bring Claudia back."
	After a while, the phone rang again.
	Angelia took it over and took a look. She thought that Echo would immediately agree, but she didn't expect a sudden change.
	"Something goes wrong. Claudia..."
	What was the problem?
	She was about to ask carefully when the door of the room was suddenly kicked open.
	Jonathan stood at the door against the light.
	Even if she can't see the expression on his face, she can feel the anger on him.
	"Jonathan?"
	Angelia stepped back. From the corner of her eye she saw the debris on the table, and quickly threw them into the trash can.
	"Is there a problem?"
	Jonathan looked at her for a while, and then slowly walked in.
	"I went to the bidding today."
	Angelia was startled, and suddenly remembered the information she gave Michael that day.
	"What’s the result? Did you win the project?"
	"Of course."
	Angelia breathed a sigh of relief.
	"Are you disappointed?" Jonathan asked again.
	"Whhy?"
	Jonathan's voice was so flat that she couldn't know his emotion.
	But when he walked in front of Angelia, he suddenly reached out and clasped her neck.
	He approached suddenly. Angelia saw that the expression on his face was terrifying, as if he was about to kill her!
	"Are you shocked that I could still win this project?"
	Jonathan gritted his teeth. Anger burned all his sanity.
	He even sneered.
	"Do you feel regret?"
	Angelia frowned. Jonathan's appearance was too scary.
	It made her feel that she would be killed by him in the next second.
	She struggled desperately, but Jonathan's hand tightened.
	"What are you talking about? Why should I regret?"
	Jonathan squinted his eyes and his eyes were cold.
	"So are you willing to steal the plan and give it to Michael?"
	Angelia was stunned. She looked at Jonathan nervously.
	"How do you know?"
	In Jonathan's view, it meant that she admitted that she really did it.
	His hand tightened instantly and lifted Angelia over.
	"Do you hate me so much? Do you have a heart?"
	He thought that after that day, if he faces the woman in front of him again, he wouldn’t have any feeling.
	But when he knew that she had taken the plan from the study and handed it to Michael, he just wanted to laugh.
	Laugh at himself!
	Angelia looked at the grinning smile on his face, her heart shook.
	"Jonathan, listen to me, I didn't give your plan to Michael."
	Jonathan lowered his head, but there was no emotion in his eyes.
	"Steward saw you go into the study and took a plan out. No wonder I thought the files in Michael's hands were familiar that day..."
	He laughed.
	"You are really good!"
	Angelia trembled and quickly said, "The plan I gave him is fake!"
	"Fake?"
	"Then why the plan I saw today is exactly the same! Not even a word has been changed! How can you explain this?"
	Angelia shook her head in shock.
	"Impossible…"
	"What I take is discarded, how can it be the same?"
	Did she get the real plan?
	Angelia’s face was pale and she shook her head.
	"I really didn't..."
	Jonathan looked at her coldly.
	"I gave you a chance."
	"And you lied to me again and again."
	He took a step back. It seemed that if he stayed a little further, his heart could be less painful.
	"Come in!"
	He gave order, and several bodyguards quickly walked in from outside.
	Jonathan looked away, deliberately not looking at Angelia.
	"Lock her up!"
	Angelia was startled.
	"The small dark room?"
	"No! You can't lock me up!"
	On the first day she came here, she was locked in the small dark room.
	She will never go in again!
	"Jonathan! I really don't want to take it! You can't lock me up!"
	Jonathan turned around, turned his back to her, and slowly closed his eyes.
	"I don't like disobedient people."
	Several bodyguards quickly stepped forward, seized Angelia, and walked outside.
	"Jonathan!"
	Angelia yelled.
	Jonathan didn't look back until Angelia was taken away.
	He raised his hand and smashed his fist down on the desk.
	"Why lie to me..."
	He let out a growl, like a struggling beast.
	He lowered his head, but saw some cut photos left in the trash can.
Chapter 88 Who was He Waiting for?
	Angelia embraced her knees with her hands and leaned in the corner.
	It was black and there was no light.
	She lowered her head and closed her eyes.
	Why?
	The plan she gave Michael was obviously fake. Why did it become real in the end?
	Why didn’t Jonathan believe her?
	Could it be that she accidentally took the wrong one?
	Angelia lifted her eyelids slightly, and the room was completely dark, and she couldn't see anything.
	But she faintly felt that a pair of eyes was hidden in the dark to look at her.
	She was so frightened that she immediately curled into a ball.
	"Don’t be afraid. There is nothing."
	"Jon said that there was nothing."
	She quietly grasped her hand and was shivering.
	She didn’t know how long it took before the door of the room was slowly opened.
	Angelia raised her head in surprise.
	"Jonathan?"
	The figure standing at the door walked in.
	"Miss Hunk, it's me."
	After Steward knew what happened, he regretted it. If he hadn't told Mr. Miller that Angelia had been in and out of the study, she would not have been locked here.
	Seeing the people curled up in the corner, Steward felt distressed.
	He did not believe that she would do such a thing.
	Angelia raised her head and looked at him, as if she had grabbed the last straw.
	"Is Jonathan going to let me out?"
	Steward shook his head and blamed himself even more.
	"It’s my fault. If I knew Mr. Miller asked me about the stolen plan, I would never tell him."
	"Steward, do you think I took it?"
	Steward said, "I don't think you did it."
	Getting along with her during this time, he knew better than anyone that she was not as bad as the rumors.
	She knew the importance of the plan to Mr. Miller, and would never do such a thing.
	Angelia gave a wry smile.
	"You believe me, but he doesn't believe me..."
	"If you explain to Mr. Miller and beg for mercy, he will definitely let you out."
	"I had explained, but he didn't believe me."
	She shook her head.
	"How can he believe me? I don't even believe in myself."
	Even she began to wonder whether the plan she gave Michael was true or false.
	Steward frowned and looked at Angelia worriedly.
	"Miss, I will come to Mr. Miller, and ask him to investigate. I will definitely..."
	Before finishing speaking, someone urged him outside the door.
	Steward didn't dare to continue speaking, and stood up quickly.
	"Don't worry, I will find a way."
	After speaking, he dared not stay, and went out.
	Angelia watched the door close again, and the last gleam of light was also taken away.
	She trembled all over, and put her head on her knees.
	It can't go on like this.
	She didn't want to live like this anymore.
	She must find Claudia.
	She didn't want to stay here any longer.
	Even Jonathan was here, but she didn’t want to stay here...
	In the dark room, Steward had only walked for a few minutes, and the door that had just closed was opened again.
	Angelia looked up, her eyes widened suddenly.
	Steward came out of the small dark room and hurried towards Jonathan's study.
	"Mr. Miller"
	He glanced anxiously and saw Jonathan sitting behind the table. He was lowering his head and was doing something
	"I believe Miss Hunk didn’t do such a thing."
	Jonathan paused, and raised his head.
	"You come to intercede for her?"
	"Sir, you should be very clear about Miss Hunk's character. She has no reason to help your brother. This is not good for her."
	Jonathan's eyes condensed, and he secretly clenched his fists.
	"She has admitted it."
	Steward said firmly, "There must be some misunderstanding."
	Jonathan raised his head, his sharp eyes forced on Steward.
	"Why do you believe her so much?"
	Steward bent down slightly and said sincerely, "I believe that Miss Hunk is not like that."
	"You believe...?"
	Jonathan leaned against the back of the chair.
	"I want to be quiet."
	"Then Miss Hunk?"
	"You don't have to worry about this." Jonathan said coldly.
	Steward frowned and tried to speak for Angelia, but was asked to go out.
	He sighed and had to turn around and leave.
	In the small dark room.
	Angelia looked at the uninvited guest before her.
	"What are you doing here?"
	The visitor embraced his hands and walked in sharp high heels.
	"I come here to see your embarrassed look."
	She gradually walked in, and a grinning and smug face appeared in front of Angelia.
	Angela looked around.
	"Are you satisfied with this place?"
	"How do you know that I am here?" Angelia looked at her guardedly.
	"Of course I know."
	Angela smiled triumphantly.
	"You are disobedient."
	Angelia clenched her fists.
	"You gave Michael the pictures to threaten me! What did you tell him? You said you wouldn't tell anyone!"
	"I didn't tell him."
	Angela spread her hand and smiled and said, "I just handed the box to him, and I specifically told him not to open it."
	"It's just that I didn't expect that you would dare to play tricks and would fool us with a fake document."
	Angelia looked at her in shock.
	She gave Michael a fake document. Why did it become real in the end?
	Angela looked down at her expression and said triumphantly, "Are you surprised?"
	"Yes, it’s so strange. You give him a fake document, but why is Michael so clear about the content of the project?"
	Angelia was startled, and she suddenly reminded of something.
	A few days before the bidding, Jonathan had been living in the company, Angela came to help him get the information!
	"It's you? You took the real plan!"
	Angela looked at her arrogantly and told her the truth.
	"So what? It's you who is locked here now."
	"Angelia, I warned you a long time ago. Don’t mess with me, or I will make your live is no better than to die!"
	Angelia shook her head and was in a turmoil.
	"Why? Jonathan is so good to you, why do you still do this?"
	"He still... waited for you for twelve years..."
	How much will it take to wait for a person for 12 years.
	Why did Angela treat Jonathan like this?
	Angela burst out laughing when she heard these words.
	"Twelve years? Do you really think I am the woman he is waiting for?"
	Angelia looked at her puzzled. Angela raised her red lips lifted, and she cursed.
	"You are stupid! A person like you is suitable for staying in this kind of place for a lifetime."
	She turned and walked outside.
	"That's good. Mrs. Miller's position will be mine."
	The door was closed again, but Angelia sat there blankly.
	What did Angela say just now?
	Wasn’t she the one Jonathan waited for?
	How did she come to Jonathan?
	Now she can give away a plan at will, what will she give away in the future?
	Jonathan was cheated by her?
	Angelia recalled carefully. Angela had been in the orphanage since she was a child and had never left. How could she have known Jonathan?
	She shook her head. What was going on?
Chapter 89 As If I Have Lost My Darling
	Her mind was in a vortex of mess, as if all the thread had fallen off its ball.
	Angelia couldn’t find out which one was the entrance.
	The night was getting late.
	But within the dark room, there was no difference between night and daytime.
	Angelia didn’t have any urge to sleep, her neurons were all tensed up, and fear was overcoming her body.
	She buried her head in her knees as her shoulders could be seen trembling every now and then, and a silent cry could be heard.
	Outside the door.
	Jonathan couldn’t figure out why he had come here.
	This girl had deceived him.
	But she was all he could think of at the moment.
	The bodyguard who was standing by the door peered at Jonathan, as he was already standing there doing nothing for twenty minutes.
	“Sir, do you want to enter?”
	“No!”
	Jonathan swiftly answered.
	He glanced at the door to the room and tried his hardest to avert his gaze from it.
	He would not be able to sleep once he got back to his room anyway.
	Angelia’s voice filled his ears from time to time.
	Even the steward had said that it was not her doing.
	But the one who could enter the study and get the document and handed it over to Michael, could only be her.
	The truth was right in front of his eyes, how could he believe in her?
	Jonathan stood up in frustration and came to the study.
	He suddenly recalled Angelia’s words.
	She had mentioned that she had taken a fake document.
	What fake document was she talking about?
	Could it be…
	Jonathan was shocked to his core as he immediately checked the desk.
	The bidding event this time was paramount, Truman had been bringing along with him a few projects planned by other managers.
	But due to the constraint in budgeting and the flaws in the plan, they were all rejected by Jonathan.
	He had left them on the desk for the time being, but at the moment, everything was missing!
	He looked through every nook and cranny of the desk but nothing could be found.
	A silent fear slowly gripped Jonathan from within his heart.
	Angelia’s argumentative voice once again danced beside his ears.
	He clenched his fists and stopped himself from thinking too much while he took big strides towards the outside of the study.
	It was late night, and someone was knocking on the door to the steward’s room.
	The steward was still worrying about Angelia so he couldn’t fall asleep just yet. He rushed over to open the door, but Jonathan was the one who was standing at the door.
	An unprecedented fear was painted all across his face!
	“Have you let anybody tidy up the study before?”
	The steward was stunned momentarily.
	Jonathan shouted this time, “Did you lay your hands on those projects on the table?”
	The steward was completely shocked as he shook his head fervently.
	“No, sir, you have instructed clearly that without your permission, nobody is allowed to enter the study.”
	Jonathan looked perplexed, as if he was just hit by lightning.
	“She didn’t take it… what she had taken was a fake…”
	“It’s a fake…”
	He took a few steps back nervously, and then he turned around and headed in the direction of the end of the corridor in a nervous pace.
	The steward watched him in aghast.
	He had been following his master for more than ten years, and this was the first time he had seen him looking so flustered.
	It was as if he had lost his darling…
	Jonathan arrived at the black house anxiously, and he stopped dead at the door.
	He struggled to raise his hand.
	He was someone who could venture into great danger without blinking.
	But at this moment, he discovered himself to be sorely lacking in courage to open this door.
	He couldn’t bring himself to do this.
	He was really frightened.
	The bodyguard who was standing by the door asked in a tiny voice, “Sir?”
	“Open the door.” Jonathan’s voice was low.
	The bodyguard immediately came forward, and he instantly felt a tinge of regret.
	“No, I’ll do it myself.”
	He was going to bring her out himself.
	The door was flung open, and rays of light poured into the dark room.
	Jonathan only took a peek, but he could feel an indescribable pain in his heart.
	Someone was curling up at one corner, and that figure was slightly trembling accompanied with a suppressed sound of crying.
	She was crying…
	Jonathan felt that his throat was being strangled by a hand, as if all the air within him was being snatched away. He felt short of breath at one moment.
	Angelia didn’t seem to realize that someone had entered the room, she was still curled up into a ball, like a child who was traumatized.
	“Claudia Hunk.”
	Jonathan let out a weak cry, and his voice was so tiny that it was almost inaudible.
	It was as if he was afraid of scaring her.
	Angelia remained motionless.
	Just when Jonathan had thought that she had not heard him, she gradually raised her head, her gaze was blunt as she stared at him blankly.
	Jonathan was petrified by her gaze, and his fingers were even shaking now.
	“Are- are you here to scold me?”
	She asked carefully.
	Jonathan knitted his brows, a sense of pity crept up into his eyes.
	He removed his jacket and put it on her carefully.
	He had difficulty in replying, “No.”
	Angelia still remained motionless.
	“Jonathan…”
	“Yes.”
	He carried her up into his arms, as if he was carrying a fragile yet precious treasure.
	Every step that he tool, he was extra vigilant.
	“I did not take it…”
	Her voice was tiny, like the cry of a newly born animal.
	Jonathan felt so heartbroken that he was almost choking on his breath.
	“I know.”
	Angelia carefully stretched her hand and tugged at his shirt.
	“Jonathan…”
	“I’m scared of the dark…”
	The tears welling up in Jonathan’s eyes almost broke free at this moment.
	He lowered his head, and planted a soft kiss on Angelia’s forehead.
	“I’m sorry, I didn’t know.”
	He walked towards the outside while carrying her. He wanted to exert some strength but he was afraid she would be hurt.
	He put her down on the bed with care.
	When he was about to move, Angelia grasped his shirt tightly.
	“It is so dark.”
	There was no lighting in the room, Angelia widened her pupils and scanned her surroundings cautiously.
	Jonathan put his hands on her.
	He spoke in a gentle voice which was new to him, “I’ll go switch on the lights, alright?”
	Angelia was still immobile, as her grip on his shirt did not loosen.
	Jonathan did not move, instead he carried her into his arms again and walked towards the switch of the light.
	He stopped by the wall and lowered his head to kiss her on her forehead.
	The kiss was so gentle as if a feather had just brushed against her forehead.
	“You will turn on the light, alright?”
	After a pause, Angelia only extended her hand carefully, and pressed on the switch on the wall.
	With a slight sound, light suddenly appeared in the room.
	Jonathan continued carrying her while heading towards another switch.
	“Go on.” He kissed her forehead again.
	Jonathan waited until all the light in the room had been switched on before putting her down on the bed again.
	He did not withdraw his shirt from Angelia’s grip, rather he simply lied down beside her.
	Angelia curled up in his embrace but her eyes were widened.
	Jonathan put his hands on her waist while caressing her long hair, trying to console her.
	He lowered his head and kissed Angelia’s forehead once again.
	“Have some rest, alright?”
	Angelia still did not manage to shut her eyes.
	Jonathan covered her eyes with his palms.
	After realizing a blanket of darkness overwhelming her, she begun to struggle again.
	Jonathan leaned towards her, and touched her forehead with his.
	“Don’t be afraid, the light in the room will never be turned off, and I’ll always be here.”
	“When you open your eyes, you can see me.”
	Angelia still seemed reluctant.
	Jonathan patiently coaxed her.
	“Good girl, you’re tired.”
	Angelia finally started to relax, and in a short time, she sunk into a deep sleep.
	Jonathan stared at the girl in his arms, countless regret and hatred threatened to overwhelm him.
	He carried her gently.
	“I’m sorry, it’s my fault.”
	“I’m sorry…”
Chapter 90 I Believe In You
	The second day.
	When Angelia opened her eyes as she woke up, what came into her sight was Jonathan.
	A very handsome face of equally handsome features was just right in front of her eyes.
	She looked around her blankly.
	It was already well past morning, but the lights in the room were still switched on.
	Images of Jonathan carrying her around while switching on the lights one by one yesterday night surfaced in her mind at this moment.
	The window was left opened, and a spring breeze poured in from outside, sweeping the white curtain gently.
	The arrangements in the room was simply yet exquisite.
	Was this Jonathan’s room?
	She focused her gaze in front of her, and saw that Jonathan was hugging her while lying down beside her.
	Both of his arms were wrapping around her waist, and it seemed like the whole night they were positioned this way.
	She had just shifted slightly, but this had caused Jonathan to open his eyes.
	The depthless and dark eyes were shining with something bright.
	Angelia saw that he had woken up, and she subconsciously jerked backwards.
	Jonathan realized what she was doing but he said nothing. He simply stood up.
	“Sleep a little bit more. I’ll let someone prepare breakfast for you.”
	Angelia did not reply him.
	When Jonathan was almost out of the room, she suddenly spoke.
	“Jonathan, do you believe in me?”
	“I believe in you.”
	Jonathan stopped in his tracks briefly, but he did not turn around.
	“I will believe in you.”
	After finishing his words, he lifted his legs and marched towards outside of the room.
	After half an hour, Jonathan only returned, and there was the steward and a female doctor accompanying him.
	“You don’t look so good, let the doctor check up on you.” Jonathan said while heading towards her.
	The doctor came forward and looked at them, “It’s not convenient for me to check her if you guys are here.”
	After finishing her words, she realized that something was off.
	She had almost forgotten that this person in from of her was Mr. Miller of M. I Corporation, and he was a capable person who had single-handedly raise the company to new heights.
	“I’m sorry, Mr. Miller, you are her husband, of course you can stay here…”
	But she didn’t think that after Jonathan had taken a look on Angelia, he would instruct the steward to go outside the room together.
	“Be fast. No, be detailed.”
	Until the door was shut, the doctor still could not come back to her senses.
	If somebody were to talk to Mr. Miller like this, that person would be crushed.
	But why were things different today?
	She heaved a sigh of relief and turned her attention to Angelia.
	“Miss Miller, let me check on your body.”
	Outside the room.
	Jonathan’s brows were knitted tightly.
	“Have you found out the culprit?”
	The steward nodded and whispered, “Based on the surveillance video nearby, three days ago, Miss Angela was there.”
	When the steward mentioned Angela, he peered at Jonathan carefully.
	When he saw that there were no changes on his expression, he continued,
	“I didn’t receive the notice that she’s coming, but inside the mansion there was no surveillance video, so we couldn’t know what she’s up to.”
	Jonathan squinted, an ambiguous expression formed on his face.
	“She was here to take something.”
	The steward was stunned, and said astonishingly, “Mr. Miller, are you saying that…”
	Jonathan raised his hand slightly, to stop him from continuing. He produced a box from his pockets and handed it to the steward.
	“Sir, what is this?”
	“Rearrange the things inside. Join them all up.”
	The steward opened the box, and saw a whole box of paper shredded papers. It was actually pieces of a photo.
	The pieces were tiny, the whole box was quite messy.
	At first glance, there were more than one photos inside, it would be very hard to restore them.
	Jonathan knew that it was difficult to restore those photos too.
	“Rearrange them as best as you can.”
	“Yes, sir.”
	The steward nodded and thought that these photos must be important.
	Otherwise, Mr. Miller wouldn’t have waste his time on rearranging them.
	Jonathan looked back at the door behind him, and finally opened his mouth.
	“Investigate whether there is any contact between Angela and Michael.”
	“Yes!”
	The steward smiled in agitation, and immediately went into action.
	After some time, the door to the room finally opened, and the doctor emerged from it.
	“How is it?”
	The doctor was furrowing her brows.
	“She is in great shock, and her nutrition is imbalanced.”
	Jonathan’s face darkened, and his brows were squeezed into a crease.
	Nutrition imbalance?
	Did she eat well during this period of time?
	Was she not taking care of herself well?
	Seeing that he was full of anger, she didn’t dare to say one more word. She added carefully, “There’s no need for her to take medication, she just has to eat nutritious food in her daily life, then she’ll get better.”
	When the doctor left, Jonathan pushed the door inwards.
	Angelia was already getting out of bed and she was wearing her shoes.
	He immediately walked over.
	“What are you doing?”
	He was nervous, so his tone was inadvertently amplified, it sounded like he was angry.
	After speaking these words, Jonathan immediately regretted it. He saw Angelia withdrawing her hands.
	He said in a mellow tone, “You should rest more, and get out of bed after eating something.”
	Angelia was not looking at him now.
	“I want to go back to my room.”
	Jonathan fell into a silence, and then he spoke in a soft voice, “You can rest here.”
	“But this is your room.”
	After saying this, Angelia stood up again.
	A frown appeared on Jonathan’s eyebrows.
	“Isn’t it the same? You are going to one of my rooms too.”
	Angelia was stunned temporarily.
	He was right, this whole mansion belonged to Jonathan.
	The room where she had been sleeping in was also Jonathan’s room.
	Jonathan couldn’t get any response from her, so he knew that he had said something wrong.
	He looked upset too.
	After stretching out this deadlock situation, he finally compromised.
	“You can go back there, but let me send you.”
	Angelia looked up at him with a puzzled look, but in the next second, she was swept up by Jonathan suddenly.
	“I’ll send you there.” Jonathan insisted.
	He carried Angelia in his arms and walked out of his bedroom, and headed towards her room, before putting her down on her bed.
	When he released his grip, she immediately darted away and headed towards one end of the bed.
	Jonathan was froze, his hand hanging in mid-air, but he then clenched his hand into fists and retrieved them.
	At this time, the cook girl knocked on the door, and brought with her freshly boiled goose wings soup.
	“Sir, let Miss eat something for now.”
	Jonathan took over the bowl of soup and sat beside the bed.
	He knitted his brows, and his expression looked even more serious than when he was studying work-related documents.
	He scooped a spoonful of soup, and sent it to Angelia’s mouth.
	Angelia frowned and said, “I can do it myself…”
	But Jonathan was very determined right now.
	Angelia had no choice but to open her mouth. Jonathan carefully sent a cool spoonful of soup to her mouth.
	His movements were very rigid, as if this was the first time he had done this.
	He was very clumsy, and the soup was spilled out a little from the spoon.
	His mood was worsening, but he was angry towards himself.
	“Let me do it myself.” Angelia said.
	But this didn’t deter Jonathan one bit.
	With a darkened face, and a killing stare, he fed Angelia one spoonful followed by another until the bowl was cleared.
	At first, his movements were rigid, and he would look enraged whenever he spilled some of the soup. He looked like he was the one whose shirt had been dirtied by the spilled soup.
	After some time, he gradually picked up on how to do this, and his mood was considerably better.
	When she finished the soup silently, only did Jonathan allow her to rest, but she was not allowed to get off bed.
	He covered her with a blanket himself.
	“Go to sleep.”
Chapter 91 I Will be Good to You
	"Go to sleep."
	Angelia said, "I'm not sleepy."
	She had slept all day. How could she still sleep?
	Jonathan also didn’t force her and took off his coat immediately.
	Then he began to take off the shirt.
	Angelia looked at him suspiciously.
	"What are you doing?"
	"I will sleep with you."
	Angelia was stunned.
	"Do not you have to work?"
	Jonathan took off his clothes without speaking.
	Angelia understood, and lay back.
	"I'm going to bed now. You should go to the company."
	Jonathan stopped pulling his tie. He looked a little regretful.
	He looked at Angelia and called Aurelia.
	"Aurelia, cook the soup at noon."
	"Yes, sir."
	"Don't let her get out of bed and run around."
	"Yes, sir."
	Jonathan gave a few words before finally leaving.
	When he left the house, the cook turned her head and looked at Angelia with a smile.
	"Miss, sir really cares about you."
	Angelia shook her head and looked unhappy.
	"He is guilty because he misunderstood me."
	The cook also knew that Angelia was locked in small dark room yesterday. She sighed.
	"Since I entered the castle, I have never seen he really cares about someone."
	Angelia didn't answer, but instead said, "Aurelia, when Jonathan comes back, tell him not to humor me because of guilt. I'm not used to it."
	After speaking, she lay down and turned around.
	In the evening, Jonathan left work early again in everyone's surprised eyes.
	As soon as he returned to the castle, he heard this word from the cook.
	He was silent for a while.
	The cook was worried that he would be angry, and quickly explained, "Miss Hunk may be frightened, so..."
	Before she finished speaking, Jonathan asked, "Did she drink the soup?"
	The cook was startled. He changed the topic suddenly that she couldn't react.
	"Yes..."
	Jonathan asked again, "Had she ever gone out?"
	"No, she has been resting in bed."
	Jonathan nodded in satisfaction, and said, "Is the soup for dinner ready?"
	The cook nodded.
	"Give me."
	The cook was hesitant.
	"But…"
	Jonathan glanced back at her. The cook hurriedly went to the kitchen to bring out the soup and handed it to him.
	The wolfberry black-bone chicken soup that had been simmered for six hours smelled delicious. When Jonathan walked into the bedroom with it, Angelia was reading.
	In fact, she could not sleep for a long time, but if she got out of bed, the cook would be unhappy.
	Angelia had no choice but to bring a book and read it on the bed.
	When Jonathan came in, the wind was blowing outside the window.
	The wind came in through the gap and blew Angelia's long hair.
	Jonathan felt warm and walked over.
	"When will you let me go to school?" Angelia saw him come in and looked up at him.
	Jonathan insisted on feeding her rice and soup.
	He found that he seemed to enjoy doing this thing.
	"You need rest."
	Angelia frowned.
	"Are you shutting me up again?"
	Jonathan's movements stopped, and a wrinkle appeared between his brows.
	"No," he whispered.
	Angelia said, "But I want to go to school."
	Jonathan lowered his voice.
	"I have taken two days off for you. You should have a rest for a few days before going back."
	"I want to live in dormitory."
	"No way!"
	When Jonathan heard that she mentioned it again, he immediately refused and stood up excitedly.
	Angelia didn't speak anymore.
	Jonathan was silent for a long while before finally sitting down again.
	"Drink the soup first."
	He blew on the soup and brought it to Angelia's mouth, as if it was something more important than anything.
	Angelia didn't understand what Jonathan was thinking.
	For two consecutive days, he arrived home on time every day and took over the job of feeding her.
	In a few days, Angelia had never done anything.
	Even at noon, Jonathan would come back from the company deliberately just to feed her.
	When she saw Jonathan come in again with soup and food, Angelia felt that it couldn't go on like this.
	"Actually, you don't need to feel guilty. I'm really fine."
	But Jonathan said, "Do you think I am guilty?"
	Angelia looked at him.
	Overnight, his attitude changed a lot, and only this reason could explain it.
	Jonathan pressed his thin lips tightly, but didn't know how to speak.
	After the meal, Angelia still said, "You don't have to do this in the future. I'm fine."
	"I'm not guilty." Jonathan said suddenly.
	Angelia looked up at him.
	There was a trace of calmness in her eyes.
	But it was her eyes that reminded him of the things he had done to her before.
	He stretched out his hand and covered her eyes.
	He didn't even dare to take another look.
	"I will treat you better, better than anyone else."
	The deep voice seemed to be filled with love.
	Angelia trembled in her heart, but did not move.
	"What about Angela?"
	Jonathan said nothing. Angelia said again, "And the one you have waited for twelve years?"
	"You know this?"
	Angelia raised her hand and pulled away the hand covering her eyes.
	"Jonathan, what kept you waiting for twelve years?"
	Jonathan looked at her clear eyes, opened his mouth, and his throat became dry.
	"Because I once met an angel."
	There was a deep love in her voice, but Angelia felt a pain in her heart.
	She remembered what Angela had said in the small dark room before.
	"Do you think that person is Angela?"
	"It can only be her."
	Although he had doubts, no matter how he investigated, there was only Angela who matched the age, name, and location.
	So he only believed.
	"I know……"
	Late at night.
	Jonathan had just returned from the company.
	Although he can complete the work by compressing the time and leave work early.
	But some activities could not be dismissed. By the time he came back, it was already over ten o’clock in the evening.
	When he got off the car, he saw the entire castle in darkness.
	"What happened?"
	The steward said, "The nearby circuit was overhauled and the electricity is off."
	"The electricity is off?"
	Jonathan paused and raised his head. His eyes were sharp.
	"What about her?"
	The steward was stunned and said, "Miss Hunk said she's going to rest."
	Jonathan's eyes were deep, and he glanced worriedly at the direction of Angelia's room.
	It was dark.
	She said that she was afraid of the darkness.
	Jonathan suddenly became anxious. He walked in quickly, walked directly through the living room and went upstairs, and then came to Angelia's room.
	He knocked on the door.
	"Are you asleep?"
	There was no sound in the room.
	Jonathan frowned and knocked again. His voice was more urgent.
	"Claudia? Answer me!"
	There was still no sound at all.
	With a trace of panic on Jonathan's face, he slammed the door hard and kicked it open.
	The log door hit the wall and bounced back.
	Jonathan raised his hand and pressed it back, and walked into the room quickly.
	The window in the bedroom was opened, and a faint moonlight shone in from outside.
	Under the faint light, Jonathan saw that a person huddled under a quilt.
Chapter 92 Sleeping Together?
	The light lightened the dark room.
	Jonathan sat down by the bed and put his hands on the quilt.
	The person hiding in the quilt seemed to feel his movement and moved slightly.
	"Don't be afraid."
	Angelia didn't move. Her voice came from the quilt and was a little fuzzy.
	"Jonathan?"
	Her voice was very small, like a kitten.
	Jonathan's heart was so soft.
	"It’s me."
	He bent down, directly hugged the person who was wrapped in the quilt with the quilt into his arms.
	"Look, it's not dark anymore."
	Angelia was pulled out by him, and when she opened her eyes, her eyes widened!
	Candles were lit in the dark room.
	There were various candles on the ground, on the windowsill, on the table, on the chairs.
	All the fire light illuminated the entire room.
	Angelia looked at the candlelight in front of her in surprise.
	"These ones……"
	Jonathan put the candle in her hand and kissed her on the forehead.
	"Sorry, I didn't know there would be an electricity black-out today."
	Angelia held the candle in her hand. The flame brought light and warm temperature.
	There was warmth in her heart, and she didn't know what to do.
	"Why are you doing it?"
	Jonathan hugged her and whispered, "I want you to think of light and me when you see the night, then you won't be afraid in the future."
	Angelia raised her head.
	The candlelight was reflected in Jonathan's eyes like a cluster of lights, jumping constantly.
	"Tell me, why are you afraid of the darkness?" he asked.
	"I do not know."
	Angelia shook her head.
	"From the moment I can remember, it's like someone has been telling me that you can't go to a dark place..."
	She frowned, but she didn't know when the memory began.
	Jonathan hugged her and his hands tightened slightly.
	"Then you will remember that in the dark place, there is me."
	Angelia grabbed the quilt.
	"Jonathan, are you making up for me?"
	"No," Jonathan said softly.
	Angelia calmed down and leaning on Jonathan's arms.
	The candlelight in front of her seemed to dispel the haze in her heart for a moment.
	Jonathan hugged her quietly.
	She didn’t know how long it took before he spoke softly.
	"I think I like you."
	The sound was as soft as a feather flicking.
	The breeze blew and the word was blown into the air.
	Angelia in his arms did not respond.
	She closed her eyes slightly, not knowing when she was already asleep.
	The circuit had not been restored.
	However, the bedroom on the third floor of the castle had been bright and had not been extinguished all night.
	The next day, when Angelia woke up, the candles in the room had been cleaned up.
	Jonathan finally agreed that she could go out, but it didn't take long for her to be happy.
	When Angelia was about to rest in the evening, she found that there was something more in her bedroom.
	The papers on the bedside, the suit in the closet, and even another pillow on the bed.
	Angelia stood in front of the bed and looked at it for a while.
	"Steward, where did the things in my bedroom come from?"
	Steward smiled and said, "Sir ordered us to bring things here."
	"Those are Jonathan's?"
	Angelia frowned. "Can't he live in his original room?"
	Steward smiled and teased, "No."
	Angelia frowned as she looked at the things in the bedroom.
	"Steward, you help me move these things back."
	Steward was taken aback.
	"Where to move back?"
	"Jonathan's room."
	Jonathan came back late at night with the chill on his coat.
	As soon as he walked into the living room, Steward greeted him.
	He looked very serious and said, "Sir, the person who investigated Ms. Felix before sent a message that Ms. Felix did contact Michael Miller a few days before and after the bidding.
	Jonathan nodded slightly.
	"Keep an eye on them, and if they contact again, tell me in time."
	He took off his jacket and asked, "How about the photos?"
	When he mentioned this, Steward frowned.
	Those photos were cut to pieces, and they were not incomplete.
	Because he was worried that there was some important information in the photos, he didn't dare to ask others, so he had to look at it slowly, and only now he has only collected a corner.
	"Not yet completed."
	Jonathan didn't seem to be anxious. He was just curious why Angelia cut these photos into pieces.
	What was on the picture?
	"Try you best. Tell me as soon as you complete."
	"Yes sir."
	Jonathan looked around, but couldn’t find Angelia.
	"Is she asleep?"
	After hearing this, his serious face immediately worried.
	Seeing Jonathan walking towards Angelia's bedroom, he quickly followed.
	"Sir, where are you going?"
	"Rest."
	Steward spoke very gently. "Sir, your room is over there."
	He pointed to the room where Jonathan lived before.
	Jonathan frowned.
	"Didn't I let people bring things to her room?"
	Steward nodded.
	"But Miss Hunk asked people to move back again."
	Jonathan's face fell immediately.
	"She asked someone to move?"
	"Yes."
	Jonathan stopped in front of Angelia's room and hesitated for a while.
	Just when Steward thought he was going to rush in and quarrel with Angelia, he suddenly turned black and walked towards his room.
	"Tomorrow, bring things again."
	After that, he went straight into the bedroom.
	When Angelia came back the next day, she saw Steward directing several people to bring things to her room.
	Desk, clothes, pillows...
	Even more than yesterday.
	When Steward saw her, he answered first without waiting for her to speak.
	"This is sir’s order."
	"He wants to live here?"
	Steward smiled and nodded.
	"I think so."
	Angelia looked at the things in her room embarrassedly, and said, "Since he wants to live in, then move my things out and find a guest room."
	When Steward heard it, his old face puckered.
	He didn't dare to do it, but quietly called Jonathan.
	Jonathan who was in a meeting directly answered the phone.
	All the managers pretended that they hadn't seen. After Mr. Miller didn't mute his mobile phone in a meeting, he answered the phone directly now.
	They had complicated feelings.
	Jonathan couldn't feel their complicated feelings, and after listening to Steward's words, his face fell.
	"Where else does she want to sleep?"
	Steward said, "Miss Hunk asked us to find a room at random."
	Jonathan’s face fell for a long time.
	"Have all my things moved in?"
	"We are moving. It will be finished soon."
	Jonathan said impatiently, "Move out again."
	After speaking, he hung up without waiting for Steward’s answer.
	When he looked up, the executives and managers of a room looked at him.
	Jonathan’s eyes were deep.
	"What are you looking at? Continue the meeting."
Chapter 93 Did you Take the Plan?
	Everyone quickly looked away and continued the discussion.
	"The right to use the city center had been approved, and the designer is ready. Once we get the drawing, the project can be begun at any time."
	"Once the commercial center is completed this time, it will bring more than tens of billions of profits to the surrounding industries."
	At the time of the bidding, Michael had exactly the same plan, and they thought they were going to miss this project.
	Unexpectedly, Jonathan made vigorous efforts to turn the situation at a critical moment, and finally won the project.
	People had a heated discussion, but Jonathan remained silent.
	"Mr. Miller, what do you think of this project in the city center? There are two plans here."
	Truman handed over the two plans, and everyone's eyes followed his movement and turned to Jonathan.
	Jonathan looked down and put them aside.
	Everyone was taken aback.
	"Mr. Miller, if you think these two plans are not good, we can think again."
	Jonathan shook his head slightly.
	"No, I have a new idea."
	Everyone was shocked and looked at each other. They didn’t expect Jonathan would suddenly change his mind at this moment.
	"But... If you change the plan temporarily, the other party will have objection."
	Moreover, Jonathan agreed to establish a commercial center here at first. Among many projects, this project can get the most profit.
	How did it suddenly change?
	Jonathan had already made up his mind.
	"I will solve this problem."
	After that, without waiting for everyone to object, he directly said, "The current work is suspended. Two days later, I will give you a new plan before starting."
	Everyone was confused, but Jonathan had decided, no one dared to say no, so they took their belongs and left.
	As soon as they left, Truman handed in a new piece of information.
	"Mr. Miller, we have investigated Angela's communication records and we can see from it that she has been in frequent contact with Michael since the 16th."
	Truman pointed to the information in front of Jonathan and said.
	Jonathan frowned.
	These evidences all proved that it was Angela who stole the plan.
	He opened the information and glanced at it.
	In any case, he could not think that the woman he had been waiting for turned out to be like this.
	"What about the plan?"
	"It may have been destroyed by them. I can't find it now."
	Jonathan’s face fell, and dropped the information on the table.
	"The two plans at the bidding are exactly the same. Someone leaked it."
	The plan Angelia gave Michael was fake, so only Angela...
	Truman knew Jonathan's struggle, and the woman he had waited for twelve years betrayed him.
	He sighed and said, "You said before that if they meet again, I will notify you."
	Truman glanced at his watch.
	"They made an appointment at the coffee shop at two o'clock this afternoon."
	In the cafe.
	Angela was sitting in the corner with her sunglasses. She didn’t drink the coffee in front of her.
	After waiting for a long time, Michael walked in and sat down directly in front of her.
	"Why are you so late now?" Angela complained as soon as she saw him.
	A smile lifted the corner of his mouth, and his legs crossed comfortably.
	"Good afternoon."
	Angela gritted her teeth with anger as she found that he was contented.
	"Michael! Are you still in the mood to say hello? How did you lose the project? Didn't I give you the plan?"
	She pounded the table with excitement. The coffee cups collided the table and sounded a loud noise, which attracted the attention of several people around.
	Michael was not the slightest bit worried.
	"Jonathan is not so easy to deal with. With just a project, it is impossible to grab something from him."
	Angela gritted her teeth.
	"The most annoying thing is that Jonathan only kept her locked half of the day, and now Jonathan treats her better!"
	She clenched her fists and her eyes were malevolent.
	Now that Angelia was released, she will tell Jonathan at any time what she said in the dark room that day.
	If Jonathan knew she was not the woman he waited...
	She didn't dare to continue thinking and gritted her teeth with anger.
	"That bitch!"
	Michael glanced at her and said, "What I'm curious about is what kind of grudge Claudia has with you, why do you hate her so much?"
	Angela's expression changed, and she looked away.
	"This is my business."
	Michael looked at her suspiciously, as if trying to find out something from the expression on her face.
	Angela frowned irritably.
	"Don't you like her? If I drive her away, you must be happy."
	She squinted at Michael and sneered, "Unexpectedly, the second young master of the Miller family actually likes his brother's wife. If this news was known by others..."
	"It has nothing to do with you."
	Just as he spoke, a low voice suddenly sounded.
	"But it's about me."
	With anger in her voice, Angela shuddered suddenly and raised her head quickly.
	Jonathan's face was cold, and walked to them directly.
	Angela's face turned pale for an instant, and she stammered.
	"Jonathan, why are you here?"
	Jonathan's sullen gaze swept across her, and fell on Michael again.
	Michael didn't panic and smiled faintly at him.
	"Brother, we happened to talk about you."
	A gleam of light flashed in Jonathan's dark eyes, and he grabbed Michael's clothes abruptly and carried him over.
	"Don't think I don't know what you do."
	Michael smiled indifferently.
	Jonathan lowered his voice and said seriously, "I warn you, if it wasn't for what your mother held, I would kill you."
	"I have always regarded you as my brother."
	"Then you stay away from my wife!"
	Michael laughed happily.
	"Brother, what are you afraid of? Are you worried that Claudia will be with me?"
	"Shut up!"
	Jonathan frowned and threw him away.
	"Get away!"
	Michael calmly rearranged the slightly wrinkled neckline.
	He turned his head and smiled at Angela gently.
	"Miss Felix, we will discuss the thing you said later."
	Angela gave him a stern look.
	He didn't care at all, looked at Jonathan and said, "By the way, Mom and Dad miss you so much and they want you can go home."
	After speaking, Michael turned and left.
	Just out of the cafe, the gentle smile on his face disappeared instantly.
	His eyes became very sullen.
	Inside the cafe.
	Angela was caught, but she didn't know how much he had heard of her conversation with Michael just now.
	She looked at Jonathan who was in front of her.
	Tears dropped from her eyes before she spoke.
	She looked pitiful.
	"Jonathan..."
	But Jonathan's face did not change at all, it was cold.
	"Did you take the plan and gave it to Michael?"
	As soon as Angela heard it, she burst into tears.
	"Jonathan, he forced me to do it!"
Chapter 94 The Second Gift
	She burst into tears and immediately attracted everyone's attention.
	Jonathan frowned at her noisy voice.
	But Angela didn't notice it at all.
	"Jonathan, I really don’t mean it. Michael forced me to do that."
	She rushed forward to grab Jonathan's hand, sniveling.
	"Michael said that if I don't give it to him, he will turn me out. I have no other choice. I'm very scared."
	"If I should know the plan is so important, I would never give it to him."
	She cried for a while. Noticing that Jonathan spoke nothing, she raised her head cautiously.
	"I found you with great difficulty, Jonathan, will you turn me out?"
	Jonathan frowned tightly.
	He looked down at Angela who was crying.
	The person in front of him was "Angela" he has been looking for for twelve years. He once promised that everything he owned was hers.
	All his efforts were to give her a rich and happy life.
	Seeing that he was a little swayed, Angela shook his hand.
	"Jonathan, I know I was wrong. Can you forgive me?"
	Jonathan’s look was still very saturnine.
	"I promised you before that I will always take care of you and give you everything you want."
	He took out an envelope and put it in front of Angela.
	"These money will make you want for nothing."
	In a daze, Angela opened the envelope for a look. There was a check inside.
	The amount on it was staggering.
	She changed her countenance repeatedly.
	"Jonathan, do you abandon me?"
	Jonathan did not answer, but stood up and walked out.
	Angela said anxiously, "You said you would be with me! It's because of ... Claudia? It is obvious that she took you away from me. What's wrong with I turned her out?"
	Jonathan paused slightly, without looking back, but unprecedentedly said in a firm and affirmative voice.
	"I only have one Mrs. Miller, not you."
	Finishing that, he walked out without looking back.
	Angela clenched her fist squeezing the check in her hand.
	"Angelia!"
	She gritted her teeth and her eyes were red with venom, as if she was about to bite Angelia to death.
	"Watch out!"
	Jonathan left the cafe, looking terrible.
	Truman followed behind him tremblingly.
	"Mr. Miller, there are still several itineraries..."
	"Cancel them."
	Jonathan got into the car directly, "Prepare something for me."
	At dusk, Jonathan returned home and the dinner was ready.
	The cook just served the last dish. Seeing Jonathan looking over, she smiled and said, "Sir, Miss Hunk also cooked today."
	She pointed to the two dishes on the table.
	Jonathan took a look and asked, "Where is she?"
	"In the garden."
	Jonathan turned to walk outside.
	The garden in front of the castle was full of white and pink roses. It was in the middle of summer, the flowers were in full bloom with strong fragrance.
	Jonathan found Angelia easily.
	She was sitting on the swing in the rose garden. The green vines crawled all over the swing, as if a natural chair.
	It was getting late and the lights in the garden were on.
	The dim and yellow light fell on her ivory face.
	Lowering her head slightly, Angelia was reading the book in her hand seriously, seemingly unaware that it was late.
	In the light, her long and dense eyelashes casted two rows of small shadows on her face like two little fans.
	Seeing the scene in front of him, the struggle and anxiety in Jonathan's heart suddenly disappeared.
	He slowly breathed a sigh of relief and walked over quietly.
	"It's getting dark."
	Angelia raised her head when she heard the voice and looked at the time.
	"What’s wrong?"
	Jonathan walked over and smiled slowly.
	He was not as sharp as before, even the eyes flowed with gentleness.
	"Go to dinner, I have a gift for you."
	"Gift?" Angelia asked curiously.
	"You'll find out later."
	Angelia was dragged into the dining room confused by him. Just after sitting down, the food was ready before her.
	"What are you going to do?"
	Jonathan consciously brought dishes made by Angelia to him.
	"I will tell you after dinner."
	Not knowing what trick he was going to do.
	Angelia inexplicably finished her meal and was asked by Jonathan to drink a bowl of soup.
	Jonathan ate the two dishes made by Angelia on the table.
	"What the hell are you going to do?" Angelia couldn't help but asked again.
	Jonathan took her into the car and tied her belt by himself.
	"I want to give you a gift."
	Angelia shook her head, "No, I don't need anything."
	Jonathan did not explain, but directly put his foot down and drove the car out.
	In a gathering darkness.
	The black sports car was running on the road, not going out, but constantly moving towards the city center.
	Soon, they came to the most prosperous section.
	Jonathan pulled Angelia out of the car and walked to a lake.
	The artificial lake located in a park in the city center was outlined in lights, water glistening.
	There was nothing but a park in front of them.
	"What are you going to give me?"
	She frowned, "If there is nothing, I really want to go back."
	Last time Jonathan said he wanted to give her a gift, but what happened afterwards was not good.
	She would rather not.
	Jonathan stood behind her to stop her.
	Angelia was about to leave before he could response.
	"I am leaving."
	As soon as she moved, Jonathan reached out to press her shoulders.
	Angelia frowned.
	"What the hell are you doing..."
	Before she finished talking, Jonathan took out a box and showed her.
	"Remember this?"
	When Angelia saw the familiar box in front of her, she suddenly stopped.
	This was the paperweight that Jonathan gave her at the charity auction.
	"This, didn't you throw it?"
	Jonathan stood behind her, holding the QU Stone Paperweight in his hands.
	He retrieved the paperweight from Steward.
	Fortunately, Steward didn't throw it, otherwise he didn't know how to save it.
	Jonathan said slowly, "Sorry."
	Angelia pursed her mouth.
	"Is this what you want to show me?"
	With his arms being around Angelia's waist, he smiled silently.
	"This is the first gift for you."
	He said and made Angelia turn her back.
	The scene on the opposite side of the artificial lake caught Wen Tian's eyes at this time.
	This was a ruin.
	The old buildings that were demolished remained in place, with broken walls.
	It was especially abrupt in the bustling city center.
	And now, those ruins were hung with white lights.
	It was like stars falling on the vast ruins of four thousand square meters.
	Jonathan was gently to her ears.
	"This is the second one."
	"A museum will be built here in the future, your museum."
Chapter 95 Public Displays of Affection
	Angelia looked at the ruins in shock.
	Countless white objects scattered around the ruins, faintly glowing, like stars.
	Making the deserted ruins bleak, incredibly beautiful.
	She turned her head in surprise and looked at Jonathan behind her, unable to believe what he said just now.
	Jonathan faintly smiled in the light.
	"If you like fireworks, I will show you the most beautiful fireworks in the world; if you like antiques, I will build a museum for you."
	There was a mess in Angelia's heart.
	She was too surprised about the scene in front of her to say something.
	"Why…"
	Jonathan put his arms around her waist.
	His low voice sounded by Angelia's ears.
	"I'm not a good person. I did tricks to make achievements."
	"I often seek revenge for the smallest grievance. I thought my heart was full of hatred so that there was no place for anything else..."
	He paused，leaned his head against Angelia's ears.
	Angelia was tightened, as if being held tightly by a hand.
	"Jonathan. That’s enough..."
	Jonathan refused to stop, he leaned against her ears and murmured.
	"I want to give you everything that is good."
	Angelia turned her head hastily.
	She gazed at Jonathan with her bright eyes, the light on her side face.
	It made him feel that the eyes and heart of the woman before him were filled with him.
	He was moved. He tightened his hand on her waist, and slowly moved his face closer to her.
	Closer and closer.
	They were almost going to kiss but Jonathan stopped.
	"Claudia, can I kiss you?"
	When did Jonathan become so gentle? He asked for permission before taking actions.
	He gazed at her intently, never moved.
	As if Angelia said no, he would give up.
	She had never see such Jonathan?
	Angelia’s heart was tightened.
	But she was not Claudia.
	She wanted to tell Jonathan.
	She was not his wife, not Mrs. Miller.
	She was just Angelia.
	In order to keep the orphanage, she colluded with Randall and his family to deceive him.
	She wanted to tell him the truth, but she didn't know how to begin.
	Angelia grabbed the corner of his clothes, just like grabbing the happiness she stolen accidentally.
	"Jonathan, don't call my name..."
	She turned her head slightly, stood on her toes and kissed him.
	Didn't call my name at this time.
	Didn’t remind me...
	Jonathan embraced her with arms.
	Angelia held his lips gently and closed her eyes slightly with her black curled eyelashes wet with tears.
	In the city center, the price of every inch of land was very expensive.
	When M. I Group announced that it was going to build a museum on the land of 4,000 square meters obtained through bidding with outrageous price, everyone was shocked.
	They thought Jonathan must be crazy, otherwise, how could he rebuild a museum instead of a shopping mall and entertainment center?
	Even if putting one hundred dollar bills on it one by one couln’t measure the value of the precious land.
	Now, it became a museum without any profitable projects at all!
	Even employees of M. I Group were shocked when they heard the news.
	"This land... it, it... is going to build a museum there?"
	"Mr. Miller, don’t you ..."
	With eyes widened, they did not dare to speak it out.
	Was Jonathan crazy?
	That was an investment of hundreds of millions dollars, and a profit of billions dollars!
	Was it poured down the drain merely because of his decision?
	Jonathan took out the documents and design documents approved by the partner.
	"Documents for term change was done and the partner all agree."
	Several managers looked surly.
	Could they disagree?
	The partner was official. They spent a lot of money to build a museum for them. They were almost laughing crazy, okay?
	They really couldn't figure out why Jonathan suddenly came up with such an idea.
	Ignoring their dissatisfaction, Jonathan said directly, "This is my personal property. The cost for bidding and all the construction funds in the future will be paid by myself."
	Hearing this, managers were dumbfounded again.
	Obviously, Jonathan has made up his mind to build this museum.
	Truman quickly regained his nerve.
	"Mr. Miller, do you name the museum?"
	"Only-you."
	Managers stared suddenly.
	Jonathan repeated，"Only-You Museum."
	Finishing that, he turned and left.
	Managers took a long time to calm down.
	"Only-You... Doesn't it mean what I guess?"
	"The only wife, when did President Miller..."
	"What a public display of affection!"
	Managers had wives and children at home, but none of them was favored like this.
	How could he not only building a museum, but also name it only-you?
	Even they felt numb.
	They looked at each other before surrounding Truman.
	"Mr. Bell, is Mr. Miller... serious?"
	Truman smiled without saying a word, and looked at the building permit on the table.
	"Isn't it nice to build a museum?"
	It brought a heated discussion outside, but didn't affect Angelia.
	After returning from the lake, the QU Stone Paperweight returned to her again.
	Jonathan said that night.
	This paperweight would be the first collection in the museum and would be put in by Angelia after its completion.
	He said he would collect all the antique treasures in the world and keep them on the museum.
	That were treasures that belonged only to Angelia.
	"But, does that belong to Angelia, or Claudia?"
	She rubbed the paperweight on the table with fingers.
	The gift was too big. She knew she should refuse, but she kept it selfishly.
	She never knew that she was such a selfish person.
	Just thinking about it, there was noise in the castle.
	Angelia put the paperweight away and turned to go downstairs.
	She met Steward before going downstairs,
	"What happened below?"
	Steward looked at her, frowned and said, "Miss Felix is here."
	"What wrong with her?"
	"For Mr. Miller. I have sent someone to the company to inform him, but I am not sure when will he come back."
	Steward worriedly said to Angelia, "Miss, if you don't want to see her, you can rest upstairs."
	Angelia shook her head.
	She was still confused.
	Since the person Jonathan waited for twelve years was not Angela. Why did she know?
	She has been confused about this question.
	"I'll go down to see."
	Watching her walking downstairs, Steward worried that she would be bullied so he said to some bodyguards,
	"Come on! You guys, call Mr. Miller back!"
	Angelia went downstairs, and then saw Angela was in the living room.
	Bodyguards seemed to persuade her to leave, but Angela refused to leave.
	"I won't leave without seeing Jonathan."
	Angelia just walked down. Angela heard footsteps and looked at her.
	She sneered at once.
	"Ah, Mrs. Miller?"
Chapter 96 You have to Give me Jonathan
	Angelia came down the stairs, her brows knitted.
	“Do you find Jonathan? He is not here.”
	Angela gave a cold laugh, and said without thinking, “You seem to actually think that you are the head of this house, you know you are just a substitute right?”
	Angelia stiffened, she looked towards the guards on the side, afraid that Angela might do something to trouble her.
	“Tell them to leave, there are things you don’t want anyone to know, do you?”
	Angela was leaning on the couch, looking at her fingernails.
	The guards looked towards Angelia, Steward asked them to come here to protect her, they can’t just leave like that....
	Angelia gestured towards them.
	“It’s alright, you don’t have to stay here.”
	The guards were hesitating, not daring to simply leave her there.
	“You guys can go, I will be okay.” Angelia insisted.
	Angela gave a cold laugh from the side, “I can’t eat her up, can I?”
	When the guards left, there was only Angelia and Angela left in the room.
	“What do you want to tell me?”
	Just as she finished her question, Angela suddenly stood up, and rushed towards Angelia, raised her hand, and gave her a loud slap on the face.
	Her move was so fast that there was no way Angelia could have reacted on time to try and get away.
	Angelia turned her face, so that Angela’s nails left their marks on her cheeks.
	The sharp nails left four shallow red marks.
	She took a step back, and felt a slight burn on her face.
	“What do you want?”
	“What I want?”
	Angela bit her teeth and looked at her.
	“Angelia, I never thought that you are such a person.”
	Angelia rubbed the marks on her cheek, and was glad that she turned her face, otherwise, half of her face would be swollen by now.
	“I never should have come to see you.”
	She turned to leave, but Angela wasn’t going to let her go, she ran towards Angelia.
	“Do you actually wanna tell me it has nothing to do with you that Jonathan wants me gone?”
	Angelia raised her eyebrows.
	“When did I ever do anything? I never said anything to him. Plus, you know yourself that you are not the person Jonathan has been waiting 12 years on.”
	These words made Angela only more mad.
	“It was you!”
	She ran towards Angelia, and pulled her hand, holding her.
	“Do you think I will just let this go? I am here today to wait for Jonathan to get back, and I am going to tell him everything!”
	“You aren’t even one of the Hunk’s! You are just another fake, a bastard nobody cared about!”
	“Shut up!”
	Angelia yelled at her, her face turned pale.
	“What? I can’t even say that now? You bastard! Who knows what despicable ways you have used to get Jonathan to be with you!”
	Angela suddenly started laughing, then she bit her teeth and looked at Angelia.
	“Think about it, what do you think Jonathan would do if he knew the person he was with everyday is just a substitute?”
	Angelia’s face was now really pale, she pressed her lips without saying another word.
	Angela moved closer to her, and said crazily, “I heard that he built a museum for you? Only-You? What kind of a sick joke is that?”
	Angelia knitted her brows, and forcefully pushed Angela’s hand away.
	“Stop talking! What do you want from me?”
	Angela laughed in a high pitch when she heard that.
	“Are you scared now?”
	She took Angelia’s hand and closed up on her.
	“If you wanna stay here, and don’t want Jonathan to find out, you should do what I say.”
	“What do you want.”
	Angelia gave an evil laugh.
	“I want you, to get Jonathan in my bed personally.”
	Angelia’s body stiffened, and shook her head.
	“That’s not possible.”
	“Don’t you wanna know who Jonathan has been waiting for all these years? If you help me, I will tell you, how’s this deal?”
	Angela looked at her, what would it matter if Jonathan found out in the end.
	As long as she could become Jonathan’s woman, she would have a chance to kick Angelia out.
	“That’s not an option, don’t even think about it.”
	How could Angelia ever agree to that?
	“Surely you can also refuse my offer, but then I will tell Jonathan the whole truth, that this Mrs Millers you are trying to be, is totally fake.”
	When Angelia finished talking, she turned and walked towards the door.
	“Then I would love to see, who’s fate is worse.”
	Angelia suddenly panicked, she ran towards Angela.
	“Angela, you can’t do that!”
	She went out of the house and pulled Angela to stop.
	“You can’t tell him that, the only reason why I am here is to keep the orphanage, if you tell him, it’s gonna be gone!”
	Angela didn’t care at all.
	“You are talking about Sunshine Orphanage? What do I care if it’s gone, it’s an old place, it should have been torn down a long time ago.”
	“But there are still kids living there!”
	“I have nothing to do with them, why would I care, they are dumb and stupid, even if they die, it’s their problem.”
	Angela turned around and laughed, “Angelia, you really are stupid, what is the use of an old building like that? It will crush anytime now. The only people trying to keep it are you and their headmaster.”
	She laughed, and said, “But it’s all to thank you guys, otherwise there would be no way to sell it for such a high price with that property certificate.”
	Angelia was scared by that, she looked at Angela in disbelief.
	No wonder she never understood why their headmaster kept the certificate so well, but one day it just got lost somehow.
	And just as Angela left, Randall came with the property certificate.
	It was all her!
	“You are the one who gave Randall the certificate? How could you do that? You grew up there for more than ten years!”
	Angela didn’t care.
	“People who suit their actions to the times is wise. It’s an old place, I don’t want to stay there even one more minute. I am not like you.”
	She shoot a glance to Angelia and looked at her from head to toe.
	“I am not like you, just a bastard who no one ever cared for ever since she was born, making good use of bad goods.”
	Angelia’s face went pale like a corps.
	She had to admit that she was different than other, Angela and Echo have been sent to the orphanage only after their families had problems.
	But her, she has been abandoned in front of the orphanage.
	She clenched her fists.
	“Even if that is the case, you can’t just hand over the orphanage to someone else.”
	Angela shook off her hand disgusted.
	“Whatever you say, since you don’t want to help me, I am going to tell Jonathan now!”
	She finished her sentence, and turned.
	Angelia stood where she was, having an argument with herself.
	After a while, she ran to Angela.
	“Angela, you...”
	She just turned the corner when she saw that Angela was on the ground, she stopped running.
	There was a man dressed in black by her side, in his hand a long stick.
	He heard a sound, and turned to Angelia.
	Angelia was so shocked by what she saw, her eyes were wide open.
	She was going to turn and run away, but the man already headed towards her, and hit her on the head with his stick.
	Angelia’s eyes dulled and she slumped to the ground.
Chapter 97A Revenge on Angela
	Jonathan got a text from the housekeeper and left the company in a hurry.
	He had already warned Angela, but she still couldn’t let him off.
	She had used to be his “angel”, but what she did made him gradually losing his patience and good feelings towards her.
	He walked into the castle sullenly. When he entered, he saw the steward anxiously asking others to look through things.
	“What’s the matter? Where is Angela?”
	As soon as the steward saw him, he ran over in a hurry.
	“Mr. Miller, Miss Hunk and Miss Felix disappeared!”
	Jonathan was shocked. He clenched his fist and looked around the room.
	“What’s going on?”
	The steward was about to cry.
	“Just now Miss Felix said that she had something to talk to Miss Hunk. Miss Hunk insisted on asking the bodyguard to leave. After a few minutes, when I came back again, there was no one in the living room!”
	“I asked them to search everywhere, but we still couldn’t find them.”
	Jonathan’s eyes narrowed slightly showing a cold light which looked as sharp as a blade.
	“Angela!”
	He gritted his teeth and his muscles tightened with anger.
	“Check everything! Check the security-camera footage! I need to find them by every means!”
	Everything was black before her eyes.
	There was a sharp pain in the back of the head with a feeling of nausea.
	Claudia struggled to open her eyes.
	She gradually could see clearly.
	The first thing she saw was a wall.
	Her hands were tied behind her back and she couldn’t move.
	There was a dank and musty smell in the air.
	When Claudia moved, she felt head was splitting.
	This room was not big in which there were only one bed, two chairs, and some clothes and other stuffs lying around. The room was very old, the curtains were closed and the light was dim.
	She looked around and found Angela lying by her side.
	She’s tied like Claudia, being unconscious.
	“Angela? Angela?”
	She called twice, and Angela finally woke up.
	“Where is here?”
	She frowned and looked around. Before she could say anything, they heard a sound of turning keys in the lock.
	Angela quickly moved back in fright.
	The door was opened.
	A pudgy man came in.
	As soon as Angela saw his face, her eyes dilated and she was terrified.
	“How? How could it be you?”
	He sneered.
	“Why can’t it be me? Are you surprised seeing me?”
	Angela shivered with fear, and her tear kept streaming down.
	When the man saw her being like that, he began to laugh in satisfaction. With a sudden stretch, he touched her face.
	Angela screamed with fright.
	“Zach, do you know what you are doing? Jonathan will kill you!”
	He came out of the dark, showing a bloated figure and a oily face. He had only a few hair left which seeming had not been cleaned for a long time and was plastered to his head.
	He chuckled and looked at her with bedroom eyes.
	When Claudia saw him at a charity party before, he was still in a suit. After only a few days, he became a little thinner.
	He was wearing cheap clothes and carrying fast food that he had just bought.
	His appearance was totally different with what he looked like before.
	Hearing what Angela said, he looked up and laughed.
	“Kill me? Do it! I have lost everything. So I have nothing to be afraid of.”
	He laughed and lifted Angela up by the collar.
	“It’s you! It’s because of you! You’re a bitch!”
	After the charity party, he didn’t expect that Angela would make use of him!
	Jonathan took revenge on him the next day.
	Zach’s company was quickly fought against, and in just a few weeks, it went under.
	The people who he had fooled with before united and took this opportunity to take away his shares of the company.
	Zach had nothing now. After knowing what he had done before, no one would like to help him.
	If it wasn’t for Angela, he wouldn’t have been reduced to such a situation.
	It’s all because of Angela!
	She set him up!
	He looks at Angela being wicked.
	“I want you to go to the hell with me!”
	Angela was shaking with fear. She cried.
	“Sorry! I’m sorry! I was wrong!”
	“Do you want money? I have a lot of money. Jonathan gave me a lot of money, and I can give it to you.”
	“And Jonathan will give you money too. He will give you whatever you want only if you can let me go. Please!”
	Zach looked at her coldly.
	“I don’t want money. Now I have become like this, and have no chance to win. Anyway, I got nothing to lose, and you will sink with me!”
	He lifted Angela up and threw her on the bed.
	“I know you are a bitch. And I will know how it will be like to fuck with Jonathan’s women.”
	Angela’s body was shaking and she moved backwards.
	“No! No!”
	She widened her eyes in horror. Suddenly she saw Claudia was tied in the corner, and screamed out!
	“It’s her! Jonathan likes her but not me! I am not the one you are looking for.”
	“You should take revenge on her!”
	She screamed at Claudia hoping Zach would change his target.
	Zach looked back at Claudia.
	In fact, he didn’t want to take Claudia back together just now. He just happened to be seen by her, so he temporarily decided to knock her out and bring her back.
	At this time, hearing Angela’s words, he took a look at her.
	The person leaning against the wall looked very calm. Although the light was dim, he could also see her beautiful face and bright skin.
	The figure wrapped in the dress was sexy, which looked more attractive than Angela.
	Claudia looked at Angela in shock, but she didn’t expect that Angela would shift Zach’s attention to her.
	She pressed her lips and tried to shrink in the corner.
	As soon as Angela found that Zach was hesitated, she continued to say.
	“If you want to take revenge on Jonathan, you should go to her. If you fuck her, Jonathan will be crazy!”
	“Good,” responded Zach suddenly.
	Angela immediately smiled feeling relieved.
	However, Zach was over her body again.
	“But I’ll fuck you first.”
	He pinched Angela’s breasts and laughed crazily.
	“I should have fucked you when you seduced me last time.”
	Angela became panic and kept struggling.
	But she was not strong enough to compete with Zach, and her hands were tied.
	“Zach! If you dare to touch me again, I would kill you!”
	She screamed out.
	Zach laughed wildly and grabbed with both hands.
	Her clothes was torn from the middle, revealing a smooth body.
Chapter 98 Biting The Hand That Feeds
	Zach looked at her with bedroom eyes, bent his head and licked her up.
	Angela cried out.
	This small rental house was like a hell.
	Claudia forced herself to calm down.
	As he didn’t notice, she quietly stood up, gritted her teeth, and suddenly pushed Zach who was lying on Angela.
	Zach didn’t expect that Claudia would fight back suddenly. He fell off the bed and rolled on the ground.
	Claudia turned her back, took the knife on the table and cut the rope tied on her hand.
	Zach managed to stand up from the ground. Seeing Claudia, Zach rushed up with a roar.
	“How dare you!”
	Claudia had no time to untie Angela and quickly turned around to point the knife at Zach.
	“Don’t move!”
	Zach jeered evilly and spat a bloody spit on the ground.
	“I wanted to fuck you latter. But now if you can’t wait, I’ll fuck you first!”
	He raised his hand and grabbed Claudia.
	Claudia quickly waved the knife in her hand.
	“Don’t come here! Or I’ll kill you!”
	“Do it! Do you think I’m afraid of you?”
	He rushed over, ignoring Angela, who was still tied on the bed, and stepped on her to catch Claudia.
	Angela was stepped a few times by him and screamed out miserably.
	Claudia could not think about other things now. She waved the knife wildly which made a long cut in Zach’s hand.
	“Fuck!”
	Zach cursed and jumped down from the bed.
	Claudia quickly kept away and went to the side, confronting him. She moved back to the corner again.
	Angela screamed.
	“Come and untie me! hurry up! What the hell are you doing now!”
	Claudia took a look at her. Before she got closer, Zach pulled Angela out of bed.
	He pinched Angela by the neck.
	“Don’t move, put the knife down, or I’ll kill her!”
	Claudia stopped.
	Angela screamed out.
	“Put the fucking knife down quickly! Or do you want me die?”
	Claudia licked her dry lips.
	It was uneasy for her to get the knife and untie herself. If she put it down now, both of them would die as well.
	Seeing her hesitation, Zach laughed.
	“So you don’t listen to me?”
	He pulled Angela’s hair directly and banged her head against the edge of the bed.
	There was blood dripping down form her head.
	Angela screamed out, crying and begging for mercy. At the same time, she cursed Claudia.
	Zach turned a deaf ear to her, took out a flick knife from his pocket and put the edge of the knife against her face.
	He said to Claudia, “do you also want her to die? She stole your man. Have you hated her for a long time?”
	“You are such a bitch, I wonder how many men you have seduced with your face.”
	The tip of the knife was moved against her face.
	Claudia’s face turned pale with terror and she did not dare to move.
	“Zach, calm down. I can give you anything you want...”
	“I don’t care.”
	Angela stiffened and screamed at Claudia.
	“Claudia! Do you really want me to die?”
	Claudia’s palms were sweaty. When she was about to speak, she heard a harsh scream from Angela.
	The knife that had been against Angela’s face pierced it!
	Zach pierced her face very slowly, as if he meant to torture Angela.
	The blade of the knife stabbed slowly into the face.
	Angela screamed and suddenly struggled violently.
	When she moved, the knife pierced a long wound on her face!
	Straight from the left cheek to the right jaw!
	Blood was pumping out!
	All of them were shocked!
	It seemed that Zach didn’t expect that she would struggle suddenly. He was stunned seeing the wound and blood on Angela’s face.
	Angela held her face, and the whole room was filled with her heartrending cries.
	Claudia was no less shocked than Zach, but as she found him standing still on the side, she rushed up, held Angela up and ran out!
	Angela cried and stumbled out with her.
	As soon as the door was opened, Zach responded quickly.
	“Stop!”
	He followed them hurriedly.
	Claudia opened the door and followed Angela.
	She was going to leave the house.
	Suddenly, Angela, who had already run out at the door, turned around suddenly. Her face was full of blood looking wicked and terrible! She was like a ghost!
	She lifted her leg and kicked Claudia.
	“Fuck off!”
	Claudia didn’t realize what happened and was kicked back to the room.
	Angela glared at her and slammed the door!
	Claudia’s heart sank instantly. She didn’t expect that Angela would do it to her!
	She rushed forward and pulled the door, finding that it had been locked from the outside.
	Zach rushed up.
	“Did she run away? What a surprise! You saved her while she still abandoned you.”
	Claudia turned around and stared at him in horror with a knife in her hand.
	“Keep away from me!”
	“Can you say something else?”
	Zach grabbed and tore Claudia’s clothes.
	Her smooth and fair shoulder was exposed.
	An evil light flashed in his eyes.
	“Although she ran away, you look pretty good.”
	Zach pounced on her.
	Claudia quickly crouched down in fright and got out from the other side.
	Zach, looking fierce, grabbed her again and tore another crack in Claudia’s skirt.
	She didn’t dare to stop at all. She suddenly looked up and saw a small bathroom in the room, so she rushed to there.
	“Stop!”
	Zach followed her.
	Claudia slammed the door quickly and locked it!
	He used his body to hit the door, and the plastic door was trembling under his bump.
	Claudia stepped back and sat down leaning against the wall.
	She widened her eyes and did not dare to close eyes for a second. Her face was very pale.
	Holding the knife tightly in her hands, she did not realize that there was a red mark on her hand by the knife.
	Outside the house.
	Angela locked the door with an iron bar she found to make sure that the people inside cannot run out, and then she staggered away.
	Holding her face, she was almost naked. But she can’t care about it at that moment.
	When she just went out of the gate, several black cars stopped in front of her.
	The door of car was opened.
	Jonathan came out sullenly.
	Angela saw him. She was so happy that she ran over immediately.
	“Jonathan, are you here to save me?”
	She held Jonathan tightly and stopped him.
	“I’m so scared. Why do you come here so late? I almost...”
	Jonathan pushed her away impatiently and went straight inside.
	But Angela pulled him.
	“Jonathan, my face is hurt. Please send me to the hospital right now!”
	Jonathan looked down at her and saw that her face was covered with blood, and the long scar was across the whole face which looked terrible.
	But he asked, “where is Claudia?”
	“Claudia?”
	Angela gritted her teeth and said, “she’s not here.”
Chapter 99 His Heart Broken into Pieces
	Jonathan frowned. He didn’t believe her words at all.
	He pushed her away and headed straight upstairs.
	Angela roared behind him.
	"It's her! She's the one who did this to my face! Why do you still want to save her? Jonathan! How could you!"
	Jonathan quickened his pace up the stairs. He felt panic and fear like never before.
	If something were to happen to her...
	He didn't even dare to think about it further. For the first time in his life, he was so scared.
	"Nothing will happen. Nothing will happen ... nothing can happen!"
	He was praying and comforting himself.
	Jonathan quickly took the steel rod pinned to the door and kicked it open!
	Zach was hitting the bathroom door with a chair!
	Bang! Bang!
	The deafening sound continued to ring out and was amplified in the bathroom, as if even the air was vibrating with it.
	The plastic door was of poor quality and soon it started shaking.
	Even the latch started to shake. The door could break open at any moment!
	Her eyes widened, and she felt cold like she was in an ice cave!
	If Zach broke in, was she going to point this knife at Zach or herself?
	As soon as Jonathan burst through the door, he saw the scene in front of him and felt extremely angry!
	He quickly rushed up and grabbed Zach by his shoulders!
	Zach hadn't even noticed he was approaching. It wasn't until there was a sharp pain in his shoulder that he howled in pain.
	Jonathan’s wrist strength was amazing, and he almost just crushed his shoulder!
	He even wanted, bit by bit, to crush every bone in the man in front of him, from head to toe!
	Jonathan's eyes were red.
	But thinking that Angelia was still in the bathroom now, he could only use the last of his senses to kick Zach out of the room.
	"Get out!"
	Zach rolled into the corner. His head hit the wall with a thud.
	Jonathan exerted his maximum strength. The ribs in his chest were cracked, he was coughing blood, and he couldn't get up for a while.
	Jonathan, however, didn't even look at him. He turned his head, and his heart ached.
	He knew Angelia was inside.
	Jonathan slowly lifted his hand and put it against the door.
	"It's me. It’s okay. You're safe now."
	But there was still no sound inside.
	Jonathan knocked on the door.
	"Open the door! Don't scare me!"
	There was no sound inside, and no one opened the door.
	An unprecedented panic rose in Jonathan's heart and spread rapidly.
	He turned around and threw himself against the door.
	The already broken door instantly cracked into two halves.
	As soon as the door opened, Jonathan saw the person inside, and his heart came to a halt.
	Then he felt a heartbreaking pain.
	His baby.
	The person he placed at the tip of his heart and loved.
	Jonathan could barely breathe.
	He gently walked over and knelt down in front of her.
	It took all his strength to speak.
	"I'm sorry. I'm late."
	His voice was soft as if he was worried he would scare her.
	Winnie sat in the corner and curled up in a ball.
	Her clothes were torn in several places. Her face was deadly white, and she stared at the door.
	She held the fruit knife in her hand and didn't move at all.
	Jonathan's heart broken in pieces, and he carefully reached out his hand.
	"I'm sorry..."
	As soon as she heard the sound, Angelia subconsciously waved the fruit knife in her hands!
	She thought it was Zach who had come in!
	"Get out!"
	Jonathan was afraid that she would accidentally hurt herself, so he reached out and directly held the blade of the fruit knife.
	The sharp edge of the knife cut into his palm, and blood flowed out.
	But it was as if he didn't feel anything.
	He opened his arms and took Angelia carefully in his arms.
	"It's me."
	"I'm here."
	Angelia blinked, and then she focused on the face of the man in front of her.
	"Jonathan."
	She called out, and then she suddenly found that his hand was covered in blood. She was so frightened that she threw the fruit knife away.
	"I'm hurting you!"
	Jonathan didn’t care about the wound at all. He just lowered his head and kissed her forehead, then her tears.
	"Let me take you out, okay?"
	Angelia nodded, and then she suddenly remembered.
	"Where's Zach?"
	Jonathan's face was grim, and his eyes were glittering with ferocity.
	"He won’t die for the time being."
	But he wouldn’t live long.
	He took off his clothes and put it over Angelia. Then he picked her up and sidled out of the room, blocking Zach, who was still lying in the corner, from seeing her.
	Outside the door, Truman and a few bodyguards stood at the door.
	Jonathan's eyes flickered with cold light.
	"Bring him back."
	Truman asked in a low voice, "Do we need to call the police?"
	"No, I won’t let him off so lightly."
	After saying that, Jonathan then carried Angelia towards the outside.
	Angela, who had been waiting outside, gritted her teeth in anger once she saw Angelia being carried out.
	"It's her!"
	She rushed up.
	"She's the one who did this to me! She's the one who caused my face to look like this!"
	The bodyguards quickly stopped her and prevented her from approaching.
	Jonathan acted as if he hadn't even seen her.
	He didn’t even take a look at her.
	He held Angelia carefully. Even when he got into the car, he didn't put her down.
	Angelia heard Angela's voice and looked outside.
	Angela was still wrapped in a towel. The wound on her face was untreated and blood was still flowing down her face.
	The long wounds turned outward. It was hideous like a worm lying on her face.
	Through the glass, Angelia could feel the ferocity in her eyes.
	Jonathan raised his hand over her eyes.
	"Leave her alone."
	Angelia closed her eyes following his movement.
	She had already shown extremely forbearance to Angela.
	From the moment she kicked her back, they had been completely unrelated.
	Angela watched as the car slowly left, and she kept yelling.
	"Why did you let her go? I'm the one who's hurt! Jonathan! You get back!"
	She still wanted to chase after him but was stopped by Truman.
	Truman was expressionless and indifferent.
	"Miss Felix, it's more important to treat the wound on your face first."
	Angela turned her head to glare at him and burst into a storm of abuse.
	"What's the use?"
	Pointing in the direction Angelia left, she snarled, "That bitch caused my face to get injured like this, can the hospital heal it? How is she going to compensate me?"
	Truman frowned and felt that Angela, who was in front of him, was really an annoying troublemaker.
	"If you're not going, then don't stop here, we're leaving."
	After saying that, he bypassed her and directly got into the car, as if he was really going to leave her here.
	Seeing this, Angela looked anxious.
	"Don't you dare!"
	Afterwards, she rushed straight up, pulled Truman out of the car, and got herself in.
	The driver looked at her in the rear view mirror and hesitated to start the car.
	Angela scolded, "What are you looking at? I'll gouge your eyes out! Go to the hospital. Get me the best doctor! I want the best!"
	The driver simply ignored her words. He just looked towards Truman and asked for his opinion.
	Truman nodded slightly. And only then did the driver finally start the car and drove off.
Chapter 100 My Little Curly Top
	Jonathan held Angelia and returned to the castle.
	As soon as he entered the door, Steward and Aurelia greeted him.
	They were taken aback by Angelia's appearance.
	"Miss..."
	Steward opened his mouth, but didn't know what to ask first.
	Jonathan didn't stop but walked upstairs directly holding her.
	Angelia was taken into the bathroom and put in the bathtub by him.
	Instantly, she was surrounded by warm water with a strong sense of safety.
	But she kept stubbornly pulled his clothes and refused to let go.
	In order to accommodate her, Jonathan squatted down beside the bathtub with an awkward gesture.
	"Do you want me to help you?" His voice was soft as a swan feather.
	Angelia shook her head.
	"I can do that."
	Even so, she kept pulling Jonathan's clothes with her hand.
	Jonathan smiled slowly with gentleness in his eyes.
	Only then did Angelia slowly retract her hand.
	"I'm waiting for you outside."
	Finishing that, Jonathan stood up to go out but suddenly bent down to kiss Angelia on the forehead before leaving.
	The bathroom door was closed.
	Angelia slowly calmed down after sitting for a while.
	At this moment, Angela, who was sent to the hospital, was furious!
	Angela swept the things on the doctor's desk to the floor.
	"What are you talking about? I said heal me! Can’t you do that?"
	The doctor felt awkward. If the person in front of him hadn't been sent by Mr. Miller, he would have called the security to take her out.
	"Miss Felix, the injury on your face has been dressed and the bleeding has been stopped..."
	"I want to be cured, not just stopping the bleeding!" Angela yelled hysterically.
	The doctor said, "But the injury on your face is too big. Even if it is cured, there would be scars..."
	These words immediately stung Angela's nerves, and she rushed over, staring at him with wide eyes, as if she was about to kill him.
	"Aren't you a doctor? Can't you even treat such small injury? Believe it or not, I will smash this hospital today!"
	"Ms. Felix, we really have no way. Scars will be left anyway at current level of medical technology."
	"I do not believe!"
	Angela turned her head. Her face was covered with a piece of gauze.
	"Truman! Tell Jonathan that all of the doctors of this hospital are incapable! I want the best doctor! My face must be cured!"
	Truman stood calmly behind her.
	"Ms. Felix, you should go to rest. I will contact hospital for you."
	Angela raised her head and looked around.
	"Where is Jonathan? Why doesn't he come to see me?"
	Truman was about to say something, but Angela suddenly yelled.
	"Is he with that bitch? A bastard! It is she who put me in a bind! Why not kill her?"
	"Kill her!"
	Truman frowned and said, "Miss Felix, please show respect to Mrs. Miller."
	"Mrs. Miller? What kind of Mrs. Miller is she?"
	Angela sneered.
	She clenched her teeth, annoyed and sad.
	After cursing, she held Truman's hand pitifully.
	"Could you please call Jonathan over? It is obvious that I am one who is injured. Why does he stay with that woman?"
	Truman nodded.
	Angela breathed a sigh of relief and turned back to the ward again.
	Within a few minutes, Truman came back again.
	Angela looked behind him.
	"Where's Jonathan?"
	Truman said, "Mr. Miller asked me to ask you, why there was a steel bar that held the door in Zach's rental house?
	Angela's face changed suddenly.
	"I... how do I know? I ran out as soon as I got out. I didn't know what was going on inside."
	Truman looked at her coldly.
	"I have notified Mr. Miller, but whether he will see you or not is not certain."
	After speaking, he turned and left.
	Angela turned around quickly.
	"What do you mean?"
	But Truman walked out without looking back.
	"You come back!"
	Angela grabbed the pillow on the bed and threw it over, but only slammed it on the door.
	She crawled on the bed angrily, gritting her teeth and her eyes full of hatred.
	"Angelia!"
	Waiting at the door, Jonathan listened to the sound of water coming from the bathroom behind him and felt more stable than ever.
	Just thinking about it, Steward walked in from outside.
	"Sir."
	As soon as he spoke, Jonathan waved his hand to make him keep his voice down.
	Steward immediately lowered his voice.
	"They sent Zach over."
	Jonathan slightly narrowed his cold eyes filled with murderous intent.
	"Put him into the basement."
	Steward nodded and said, "The injury on his body..."
	"Just let it go. Don't let him die now."
	Just as he spoke, the sound of water stopped behind him.
	Jonathan's face changed slightly, and then he waved his hand to let Steward leave.
	After a while, Angelia walked out of the bathroom.
	She was wrapped in a bath towel. Her fluffy and curly hair was tied into a bun, and her eyes wet.
	Her skin was reddened by the heat, and the sideburns were still dripping.
	She walked out. To her surprise, Jonathan really waited for her outside the bathroom.
	She was in a daze at first sight.
	Jonathan looked back at her slightly flushed face, but his eyes focused on her left cheek.
	The four bright red scratches on the smooth white cheeks became more eye-catching after being soaked in hot water.
	He didn’t notice that when he took Angelia home.
	He frowned.
	"There are scratches on your face."
	Jonathan reached out to gently touch her face, a fierce look coming into his eyes.
	"Zach did it?"
	Angelia shook her head.
	"No."
	"Did Angela?"
	Angelia did not speak, but Jonathan had already guessed what was going on.
	With eyes slightly hardening, he raised his hand to wipe the water vapor between Angelia's brows.
	"It seems that I have to tie you to my hands next time to rest assured."
	He untied the hair ring on for her, and then her drenched long hair fell down.
	Jonathan put the towel on her head and carefully wiped it off for her.
	The fluffy curls became a mess of tangles when they got wet, and couldn't straighten out for a long time.
	Jonathan carefully dried and straightened it out for her, frowning.
	And teased out the knots in her hair more serious than Angelia.
	But he was a little abrupt.
	It was too painful for Angelia to bear it any longer.
	"Ouch--" She took a breath.
	Jonathan stopped and looked at her.
	Angelia scratched where it hurt by him.
	"You hurt me... I'll do it by myself."
	Jonathan pressed her head persistently, insisting on combing her hair.
	"It will be fine when you get used to it."
	Angelia was beyond tears. Finally her fluffy hair was straightened out, but it made her looked like a lion.
	There were also a lot of broken hair that were quietly and forcibly torn apart by Jonathan.
	He quietly put away the broken hair and touched Angelia’s curls, very satisfied.
	"It's better now."
Chapter 101 The Remaining Photo
	Angelia turned to look at him. The fear that remained in her heart had already forgotten.
	Jonathan put her back on the bed and covered her with a quilt.
	"I'm fine."
	Jonathan insisted, "You don't look fine. Rock-a-by. Or I will sleep with you?"
	Just then, Angelia quickly closed her eyes.
	Jonathan was startled. Actually he hoped that Angelia would resist now.
	Why did sleeping with her become a punishment that could be used to frighten her?
	He stared at Angelia for a while, but had to cover her with the quilt. And then he turned and walked out.
	As soon as he closed the door, the expression on his face suddenly became sharp.
	The old castle towering on the top of the mountain was originally built by a foreign Duke in the 1960s.
	After losing the battle, the Duke fled in a hurry, and even the castle was destroyed by angry people, leaving nothing but ruins.
	Five years ago, Jonathan picked here and the surrounding area to build a kingdom of their own for "Angela".
	The dilapidated castle was rebuilt, and the buildings on the ground were renewed.
	But below the ground, the interrogation rooms, prison cells and basements left in accordance with the ancient European traditions all been kept.
	Jonathan walked towards the basement, not too hasty or too slowly.
	The steps made of cyan stone slabs extend all the way down, and dim wall lamps illuminated a small area around it.
	Because there was no sunshine all year round, the air was moist.
	Jonathan walked down, the light shone on his expressionless face, cold and awesome.
	His movements were extremely elegant. With a blue shirt and a striped vest of the same color, he looked like a nobleman of the last century.
	Under the light, he looked like the most vicious desperadoes with deep and fierce look.
	These two temperaments blend perfectly in him.
	He slowly walked towards the only person in the dungeon.
	Zach was tied up on the shelf. Steward and two bodyguards stood by.
	The slash on his forehead had been stopped bleeding and the coagulated blood turned dark red after drying still remained on his face.
	"Sir." Steward stepped forward.
	Although he knew Zach had kidnapped Miss Hunk and almost did something heinous to her, it was a life after all.
	He guessed something. Truman didn't take him to the police, but here. He worried that Jonathan would do something implosive.
	Although that was the case, if Mr. Miller really did, he would not hesitate to help deal with the corpse.
	Jonathan waved his hand.
	"You go out first."
	Steward was startled and looked at Zach who was still in a coma.
	"Yes, sir."
	They went out of the basement and closed the door.
	Before they could go far, they heard the screams from inside.
	The two bodyguards looked back in surprise.
	Since what happened five years ago, they have never seen Jonathan torturing someone like this.
	Hearing the begging and screams from inside, the bodyguards frowned.
	Steward didn't turn a hair and said faintly, "Clean the dungeon after Mr. Miller coming out."
	The two bodyguards nodded.
	"Steward, Mr. Miller..."
	"Mr. Miller has his own measure."
	They waited for full four hours. And the screams from inside also lasted for four hours.
	It wasn't until the sky gradually darkened that the door behind them was finally opened.
	A gust of cold wind blew out of the basement immediately, and a strong smell of blood came over.
	Steward and the two bodyguards raised their eyebrows and saw the spotless Jonathan come out from inside.
	The smell of blood on his body was particularly strong, as if he had just been soaked in blood, but there wasn’t even a blood stain on his hands or on his suit.
	Jonathan's eyes were darker than before. Fierce appearance still remained on his face.
	"Take him to the police and let him admit his guilty."
	Hearing that, the two bodyguards taken aback nodded quickly and walked in bearing the smell of blood in the basement.
	They who had experienced many battles couldn't help but shake when they just walked to the place where Zach was detained.
	Outside the door, Steward took out the carefully pasted photo.
	"Sir, I have already made half of the photos you asked me to piece together."
	Jonathan took a look at it.
	"Only half?"
	On the photo barely pieced together, two children stood together.
	He was sure that the one with croissant braids was "Angela"!
	Jonathan turned his head.
	"Is this pieced together by the photos in Claudia's room?"
	Steward nodded.
	"Other scraps are still being pieced. Only human appearance on this one has been pieced together first."
	Jonathan stared at the photo in his hand for a while.
	There were two little girls in the picture. The other was smugly pulling "Angela"’s croissant braids.
	"Angela" cried with pain.
	Why did Claudia have photos of "Angela"?
	"Where is the data of Claudia?"
	Steward took out a bunch of data. What different from the previous data was that the new one was attached with photos.
	The owner of the photo was resting on the third floor of the castle.
	Jonathan turned the data over, then returned it to Steward.
	The steward asked carefully, "Shall I continue to investigate?"
	"I will go to the hospital tomorrow."
	After that, he walked outside.
	He washed away the bloody smell from his body before coming to Angelia.
	Angelia was making snacks with Aurelia in the kitchen.
	Jonathan stood at the door looking at her back.
	What if the person in front of him was the only daughter of the Hunks?
	She was his wife. That’s enough.
	The next day, before Jonathan went to the hospital, Angela came over first.
	Her face was covered with gauze. As soon as she saw Jonathan, she cried first.
	"Jonathan, why don't you come to the hospital to see me?"
	Jonathan frowned when he saw her.
	"Do you think I should visit you?"
	Angela looked upstairs, gritting her teeth and said, "Are you staying with that woman these days?"
	"She is my wife."
	"But I am the one you waited for twelve years!"
	Angela suddenly raised her voice and rushed to hold Jonathan.
	"Jonathan, you told me that you have waited for me for twelve years and you will drive that woman out soon and always take care of me!"
	"You promised! What about now? That woman made my face like this, but you have been by her side?"
	She pointed to upstairs and said angrily, "If it wasn't for her! How could I be like this?"
	Jonathan's expression was even more somber than hers.
	"Is that why you kept her and Zach in the same room?"
	He yelled, and that suddenly made Angela quiet.
	Her face was pale.
	"I...I didn’t mean it. How could I know? I was so scared. I was afraid being caught by Zach. I really didn't mean it."
Chapter 102 Tied to the Body
	Jonathan looked at her coldly.
	“Because of you, she was taken away. What else do you want to say?”
	Angela’s eyes flickered.
	“How would I know that Zach would come and find me?”
	“What you did to him! And that must be the reason for him to look for you”
	Just now in the dungeon, Jonathan had already got all the answers.
	He didn’t expect that Angela would turn out to be like this.
	Using Zach for his sympathy, she framed him. Moreover, she did all this so smoothly and without any mercy and guilty in her heart!
	If it were not for this matter, how long would he still be deceived?
	Angela’s face turned blue.
	“And you are blaming me right now? Don’t forget what you promised me before!”
	Jonathan lowered his gaze, staring at her condescendingly with his cold eyes.
	“What I promised you won’t change. I will give you the money, but next time don’t show up in front of me and Claudia.”
	Angela panicked, “What about my face?”
	Jonathan didn’t speak, he just glared at her.
	Angela looked at him, but she couldn’t find any emotion of his feelings towards her like before.
	“Fine!”
	She replied heartlessly with clenched fists, “I know it’s all my fault. You liking her isn’t a sin. I am the only one to blame for being too late.”
	Jonathan frowned.
	Angela continued, “I will leave this afternoon. I won’t ever appear in front of your again.”
	She gazed down, a deep sadness evident in her tone of voice.
	“I just wish that you can send me off, accompany me to have my face treated.”
	Jonathan looked down at her, not knowing what she was planning. Suddenly, he remembered the half of a picture the housekeeper just handed to him.
	“Have you met Claudia before?”
	Angela was taken aback.
	“I have never met her before.”
	Jonathan narrowed his eyes.
	“Then why would she have a picture of you?”
	In an instant, Angela felt panic creeping up her body.
	“I’m also not sure where she got it. How would I know?”
	Jonathan’s sharp gaze fell on her. It was as if he was checking the truth of her words.
	Angela felt uneasy, her heartbeat quickened with tension.
	She quickly changed the subject and said, “Jonathan, will you send me off to the airport?”
	Jonathan turned his head and replied icily, “I’ll ask Truman to send you abroad.”
	Angela watched him walk up the stairs. She assumed that he must be searching for Angelia.
	The sad expression on her face disappeared immediately. She raised her hand and gently placed it on her face.
	“You ruined my face. I won’t let you go that easily!”
	Angelia was surprised to hear that Angela suggested to leave the country.
	“She wants to leave?”
	Jonathan nodded, conveniently tucking her loose strands on her temples.
	“Why?”
	She really couldn’t fathom it, could it be that Angela regretted her actions?
	However, what Angelia hasn’t figured out is, who was the person that Jonathan has been waiting for twelve years?
	She thought about it, and then asked, “Jonathan, what if Angela isn’t the one you are waiting for?”
	Jonathan smiled slightly and frankly replied, “This isn’t important anymore.”
	Angelia scrunched her eyebrows. With her understanding of Angela, it is questionable why she gives up so easily.
	The last time she saw her, her eyes were still full of hatred.
	However, Jonathan was not as worried as Angelia.
	He glanced at the time on his watch and started, “Truman should have sent her to the airplane around this time.”
	Airport.
	Wearing a mask on her face, Angela got out of the car, chicly walking towards the boarding gate.
	Truman followed behind and handed her the ticket.
	“Everything is settled over there. They are the experts in this field. As soon as you arrive, Miss Felix can start her treatment.”
	“I know.”
	Angela waved her hand impatiently. She looked outside.
	“Did Jonathan really not come?”
	“Mr. Miller has something planned today.”
	Angela sneered.
	“Does he actually have something planned, or is he busy with that woman?”
	Truman didn’t respond. He only pointed to the direction of the boarding gate.
	“Miss Felix, you can now board the plane.”
	Angela took her luggage, and said slowly, “Truman, tell Jonathan that his kind treating to that woman will only result in regret later.”
	Finishing her sentence, she walked straight to the boarding gate.
	Truman stood outside, until her plane departed before finally reporting to Jonathan.
	Just a few minutes after he left, Angela walked out of the boarding gate again. This time, she was headed in the other direction.
	When she exited the airport, she boarded the car that was parked on the side of the road and tore and ticket in her hand.
	The driver glanced at her in the rearview mirror.
	“Even if it’s not cured, you still want to stay. Angela, you really are cruel to yourself.”
	Angela lifted her head to look at the person.
	“Stop talking nonsense, have you contacted the people in the United States? Jonathan will definitely send someone to verify. I don’t want him to find out.”
	“Of course.”
	The driver turned around. “I know very well how my brother deals with matters.”
	Michael smiled a bit, started the car and quickly left the airport.
	As soon as Angela left, Angelia didn’t even have the time to think about it. She requested for a leave for almost two weeks. When she returned to school, exam time was already approaching.
	After facing the exams with some difficulty, Martin and his group came looking for her.
	“Going to Sxd museum?”
	Angelia looked at them suspiciously. They were a group of elders that were over fifty.
	However, their eyes shone brightly, and were full of energy.
	“Not to the museum, but to DY.”
	“What’s so good about the museum? I’ve seen it so many times, but I can’t touch or buy anything. We should go look around and see if we can find bronzes.”
	“I’ve been there a few times before and bought back some fakes, and some were the real deals. Their authenticity is questionable and is hard to tell. This time we bring you, so we can take a good look.”
	Angelia looked at them, reluctant to decline their offer.
	Just as she was about to agree, a voice suddenly came from the door.
	“She can’t go.”
	Martin and some others turned around and saw that Jonathan had walked in. They were not scared of his hard exterior, but rather it made them even more dissatisfied.
	“Why is that?”
	“Just because this girl married you, so she’s yours?”
	Martin took the opportunity to speak up, “I’ve already said it before, no one wants such a dominating man. Girl, my son has already returned from a business trip. You two should meet up sometime.”
	Jonathan tensed so hard that veins were starting to pop out of his face. He looked at the people in front of him, who was staring back so confidently.
	He walked over and cradled Angelia’s waist.
	“She can’t go.”
	“Because I want to take her somewhere during this holiday.”
	Martin and the others discussed for a while, discontent.
	“Then we’ll wait until you come back. The girl will go with us, okay?”
	Jonathan retorts, “We are going on the whole holiday.”
	“You!”
	Martin stared at him furiously.
	“Jonathan, don’t go too far! Do you still want to tie the girl with you all the time?”
	Jonathan confidently answered, “Yes.”
Chapter 103 I want Jonathan’s child
	Several elders, who have all been working hard in the business for half their lives and who have gained high reputation in the capital city, were now all gathering here.
	But Jonathan did not waver.
	Martin unhappily stared at him, but Jonathan did not return the eye contact.
	“Hmph! If you don’t go, then don’t go!”
	He said angrily, then turned to look at Angelia, “Girl, we will schedule another time in the future.”
	Angelia nodded quickly.
	“Okay.”
	Finally, after sending off Martin and the others, Angelia started, “Actually, it would be nice to go to Sxd museum. The bronzes there are famous throughout the country.”
	Jonathan glanced at the door. He should have never introduced them in the first place.
	These old men still want to snatch people away.
	“What’s the fun to go with these old bags? I’ll take you someplace else.”
	Angelia looked back at him.
	“Really?”
	Jonathan nodded. “We can go anywhere you want; you’re choosing the location.”
	Angelia scrunched her brows, but thought about it carefully.
	“Can we go to Sxd museum?”
	Jonathan’s face froze. “Except this.”
	“MW museum?”
	Angelia looked at him expectantly.
	Jonathan deliberately didn’t make eye contact.
	“Except for the museum.”
	If they went to the museum, Angelia’s eyes would be shining looking at the antiques. He can’t help but want to buy them for her.
	But those are the possessions of the museum!
	Between five to ten years old.
	Seeing that she couldn’t think about anywhere else, Jonathan said, “There is still time, you can research a bit. You have been abroad for the past few years, there should be a lot of places in the country that you haven’t been to.”
	Angelia agrees.
	As soon as he spoke, her phone rang.
	Angelia checked her phone to see the caller ID. It turned out to be from Randall.
	Stunned for a moment, her first thought was whether he had found Claudia.
	Taking a quick glance at Jonathan, she picked up the call reluctantly.
	“Hello?”
	As soon as the call was connected, the other end of the phone responded, “Come over tonight, I have something to discuss with you.”
	Angelia hesitated.
	“Okay, what’s the matter?”
	“Come here and you’ll know.”
	Hanging up the phone, Angelia stared at it. She did not speak for a long time.
	“What’s wrong?” Jonathan questioned.
	“I have to go home tonight.”
	Jonathan didn’t notice the worry on her face, “I’ll go with you.”
	Initially, Angelia wanted to refuse his offer, but she eventually agreed.
	In the evening.
	Randall saw Angelia and Jonathan walking in together. For a moment, he was startled, but he regained his senses and smiled.
	“Jonathan, you also came here?”
	He glimpsed at Angelia and announced, “It’s just that my wife misses Claudia, so she asked her to come back so they could have a chat. I didn’t think that there would be that many people.”
	Angelia shied away slightly. She was skeptical before, but when she heard this, she knew that Randall was indeed looking for her because of Claudia.
	Jonathan grinned and voiced out, “I feel more at sense when I personally send her here.”
	“Seeing that your relationship is great, I feel relieved.”
	Randall nodded in satisfaction, but in Angelia’s eyes, those eyes were not true.
	While talking, Daphne entered and looked at the two of them.
	“Let them prepare the food Angelia. Come with me.”
	Angelia tried to read the emotions of Daphne and Randall, nodding.
	As soon as the other two exited the room, Daphne’s expression changed. She turned around and scanned Angelia’s body from top to bottom with disgust.
	“It seems that you are having a good time with Jonathan.”
	Angelia pursed her lips.
	“What’s the matter?”
	Daphne pulled the door to Claudia’s room open, turning again.
	“You and Jonathan, which stage are you at now?”
	Confused, Angelia frowned, “What does that mean?”
	She looked up at Daphne.
	“Have you found Claudia yet?”
	“We found a clue.” Daphne casually responded, “I was looking for you because there is something that we need your help with.”
	Daphne slowly sat down on a chair and took a glimpse at Angelia.
	“Since you are Jonathan are in good relations, this shouldn’t be a problem for you.”
	She had never treated Angelia was such kindness, and now that she was being so nice to her, Angelia was puzzled. She felt fretful.
	“What matter?”
	“A child of Jonathan’s.” Daphne lightly spoke out.
	“What?”
	Angelia’s eyes widened. She couldn’t believe what Daphne had just said.
	“What do you mean by Jonathan’s child?”
	Indifferent, Daphne explained slowly, “You have already deceived Jonathan to this point. If Jonathan knows that you are fake, what do you think he will do to you?”
	“But didn’t you say that you will solve this problem yourself?”
	“How do we solve it?”
	Daphne glared at Angelia and angrily said, “I asked you to stay at the Miller’s house to replace Claudia temporarily, not to tell you to seduce him!”
	She stood up and pointed outside.
	“Look at the situation outside. What would happen if Claudia comes back?”
	From the beginning, Daphne didn’t agree of the idea of having Angelia replace Claudia. If Jonathan preconceived her as Claudia, how could she agree?
	Angelia stared at her.
	They want to have a child of Jonathan’s to use it against him?
	“But that’s impossible…”
	Daphne stated, “Don’t worry, you’re not the one giving birth.”
	“What?”
	“You take out Jonathan’s stuff, we have an idea.”
	Taken aback, Angelia shook her head.
	“It’s impossible… this is impossible…”
	“What’s impossible?”
	Daphne frowned and stared at her, “Are you in good terms with Jonathan right now? Isn’t this easy for you?”
	“But we don’t have that at all… Besides, I only promised you to replace Claudia. There weren’t any other requirements.”
	“That was in the past! But now?”
	Daphne stood up abruptly and walked aggressively towards Angelia.
	“Why are you still pretending? Do you think that when Jonathan knows that you lied to him, he will let you go? Let go of the orphanage? Do you know Jonathan’s tricks?”
	Angelia gaped at her, speechless.
	Daphne continued, “Two days ago, Zach was found at the door of the police station. His limbs were broken and he was so skinny. He didn’t even look human!”
	“Did Jonathan do it?”
	It’s no wonder that after being rescued from the rental house that day, Jonathan never brought up about Zach.
	Daphne inched over slowly, step by step. She leaned in front of Angelia, twisting her face.
	“If it isn’t him that who else was it? Do you wish to become like that? Or for all the children in the orphanage to be like that as well?”
	Angelia stepped back and sat on the bed.
Chapter 104 Get a Nerve
	Daphne looked at her aggressively and threatened her with the whole orphanage.
	After a while, Angelia still shook her head.
	"No...I really can't do this..."
	"Let you do it, just do it!"
	Randall came in with an angry voice.
	He was leaning on a cane and his face was gloomy.
	"If you still want to live, you better do what we say."
	Angelia clenched her fist.
	"I really can't..."
	She shook her head. "Hurry up and get Claudia back. I don't want to lie to him anymore."
	Randall squinted at her.
	"What? Are you scared? Or do you like him?"
	Angelia bit her lower lip and said nothing.
	He snorted coldly.
	"Don't forget, Jonathan is not a person with love. Angela Felix lied to him. He can also turn against her and send her out, then if you..."
	Angelia turned pale. She bit her lip and said nothing.
	Randall said, "When the time comes, you can think about the consequences!"
	He raised his head and glanced at Daphne, only waiting for Angelia's answer.
	Angelia was silent for a long time before finally saying, "No..."
	Daphne's face quickly sank, and Angelia took the lead when he was about to speak.
	"You needn't say, I won't do it."
	She stood up, her face already calm.
	"According to the previous agreement, I will get Claudia back as soon as possible. Then I will leave. Even if Jonathan wants to blame someone, just blame me."
	Randall was so angry that he smashed the crutch in his hand twice and slammed into the ground.
	"Jonathan will kill us! Do you want to kill us?"
	Angelia didn't look back, turned and walked out.
	As soon as she walked to the front garden, she met Jonathan.
	He reached out to hold Angelia's waist.
	"How is it?"
	Angelia shook her head. "It's okay."
	Jonathan raised his head and glanced at the two people who were standing in the doorway and looked bad.
	After the meal, Angelia and Jonathan left.
	Randall and Jonathan's faces were gloomy, and they didn't want to pretend.
	After Angelia and Jonathan left, they became even more frustrated.
	Daphne was walking around the living room with anger.
	"She refused us!"
	"That damn girl! She gets a nerve! I said before, we shouldn’t let her come here!"
	Randall stood by with a long face.
	"What could be done at the time? I think she felt that Jonathan will help her, so she was so unscrupulous!"
	"What's the use of saying this now? What we can do now?"
	Daphne glanced at him, sat down on the sofa, and started crying.
	"My poor Claudia, she should marry into a rich family and live well, but now..."
	Randall was a little impatient with her crying.
	"What are you crying? She deserved it."
	"Randall, you..."
	When the two were about to quarrel, the phone on the table rang suddenly.
	Randall interrupted her by raising his hand, glanced at the number on it, and answered.
	"Hey?"
	"How's it going?"
	Randall frowned, and said angrily, "She disagreed. Mr. Miller, we don’t what to do."
	The person in the line didn't care.
	"This is your own business. It is not me who will suffer at that time, but your daughter."
	Randall frowned.
	"But…"
	"In any case, Claudia needs a reason to stay in Miller's house."
	Randall gritted his teeth.
	"I know…"
	After hanging up the phone, Daphne got close to him.
	"How is it? What did he say?"
	Randall gave her a harsh look.
	"It's all because of your daughter! Can so many things happen without her?"
	Daphne stared at him and her voice was sharp.
	"Randall, are you blaming me? Who sent her abroad?"
	"That was not what I meant."
	Randall frowned irritably. "In any case, Claudia must give birth to Jonathan's child!"
	On the other side, Angelia was sitting in the car, thinking about what Randall and Daphne had said to her before.
	They want to keep Jonathan's child. Are they planning to threaten Jonathan with the child directly?
	Or was there another purpose?
	But if they have the child, would Jonathan really let them go?
	They said they didn’t need her to give birth to the child, who would it be?
	Was it Claudia?
	Angelia frowned. She remembered that Echo had said before that he had found the clue about Claudia.
	But then he said something wrong.
	What was the problem?
	And during this time, Echo also disappeared.
	"What are you thinking about?" Jonathan asked.
	Angelia raised her head and saw him looking at her, she suddenly became flustered.
	"Jonathan, didn't you ask me where I want to go?"
	"Hmm. Have you thought of it?"
	Angelia nodded.
	"Go to S city."
	Since they couldn't find her, she went to find her in person.
	Get Claudia back.
	S City was called YZ City in ancient times. Since ancient times, it had been dubbed "The End of the World", and it was the first choice for countless people on their wedding and honeymoon.
	As one of the two prefecture-level cities in the Island, this place was not big, but it was definitely not small.
	It was difficult to find someone here.
	Angelia sent a message to Echo when she got off the plane.
	Two days later, Echo happened to have a concert here.
	She just saw the huge single poster next to her.
	Jonathan glanced and frowned.
	"He is here too?"
	Angelia checked it beforehand and came here only when she knew Echo was here.
	She couldn't find Claudia alone.
	She pulled Jonathan.
	"Let's go in."
	HC Villa was the most expensive and most unique hot spring villa here.
	The hot springs in the villa were all mixed with important materials, which was good for health.
	The entire mountain villa was built in imitation of the ancient summer resort, and even the objects placed in it were antique cultural relics with a long history.
	Jonathan knew she liked this, so he found this place specially.
	Before the two of them entered the door, many people stood by the door. They wore Han clothes, held feathers, and stood on both sides.
	There were 36 people!
	As soon as they got close, those people held the feathers in both hands and slowly bowed to them.
	Angelia was shocked and looked at them in surprise.
	These people in front of them seemed to be actors. With the sound of drums, they lifted the foot, and then slowly put down.
	But Angelia knew that this was the highest etiquette for welcoming people.
	They actually regarded Jonathan as the most important customer?
	Seeing she was stunned, Jonathan whispered, "This is the characteristic of HC Villa, go in and take a look."
	They went through the door, Angelia glanced at it, her eyes widened slightly.
	This place was amazing!
Chapter 105 It Really Fell off!
	It was indeed built in accordance with the specifications of the ancient mountain resort, even more magnificent.
	From the welcoming staff outside to the waiters inside, they all wore in Han Chinese Clothing, and when they walked in, it was like traveling into time and space.
	The hot springs here had a long-standing reputation, and among all the hot spring villas, HC Villa had the highest standard.
	In the HC Villa, YZ was the best courtyard.
	There was a thick bamboo forest in the large courtyard. A small path opened up on an enchanting view.
	But in contrast, the price was so expensive!
	The price of one night was about a person's salary for a year, so ordinary people couldn’t afford it.
	Before they came here, he had booked a room for a month three days in advance in order to spend Angelia's entire vacation here.
	He didn’t want Angelia to see the antiques with those old men.
	This was the reason why HC Villa will welcome them with the highest etiquette.
	Because Jonathan directly brought their annual turnover.
	But he didn't tell Angelia these things. She was a person who was full, but when she knew the price of the soup was expensive, she still had to drink it.
	If she knows that it costs money to step on a foot here, she may drag him out without a word to find another hotel to live in.
	Then she would compress the time, and went to Sxd museum with those old men.
	The waiter in Han Chinese Clothing led them to the door with a perfect smile on her face.
	"Everything in the courtyard is ready. If you have any needs, you can contact the front desk."
	Angelia looked at the dense bamboo forest in the courtyard, turned her head, and saw that even the wall lamp on the side of the road was actually antique.
	The waiter handed her two leaflets again.
	"Miss, in two days, there will be a concert in the gym next door. We are one of the organizers. All guests can buy tickets first."
	Angelia took it and took a look, and as expected, she saw Echo again.
	"Echo?"
	The waiter nodded and said very enthusiastically, "Today is the last day, and there aren't many tickets left."
	Just as Angelia was about to speak, a hand suddenly stretched out, and directly took the ticket in her hand.
	"No need."
	The waiter had a perfect smile on her face and wanted to continue to convince them.
	"Sir, we..."
	When she looked up and saw Jonathan's expression, she stopped in fright and changed her words quickly.
	"... Then, I hope you two... have a good time."
	The waiter hurriedly left. Jonathan glanced at the leaflet in his hand and put it in the trash can beside him.
	It was just getting dark.
	The street lamp on the ground in the bamboo forest lit up.
	Yellowish floor lamps were distributed on both sides of the cobblestone path, winding into the bamboo forest.
	The breeze blew, and the bamboo forest rustled.
	Angelia stood by the hot spring, with white slippers on her feet and a bath towel on her body.
	Her curly hair was tied up randomly, and Tendrils of hair strayed to her temples.
	She lowered her head and looked at her toes.
	A yellowish light shone on her, and her beautiful shoulders seemed to glow with white light.
	"Isn't there still inside? I'll go to another one..."
	Jonathan stood in the hot spring pool and reached out to Angelia.
	"This is good for you."
	Angelia glanced at the steaming hot spring water, which showed a faint blue color because of the medicinal materials was added.
	A white towel was wrapped around Jonathan's waist, which could cover his lower body.
	The wheat-colored skin gradually extended downward, passed through the thin waist, and finally disappeared in the white towel.
	The towel was slanted, exposing the right hip. He had a tall and slender figure.
	Angelia didn’t know which way to look.
	Seeing that she couldn't come, Jonathan walked over and held her hand.
	"Come to me."
	He said in low voice, but didn’t allow her to refuse.
	Angelia followed his strength and moved in small steps.
	Jonathan looked at her and couldn't help but raised his mouth. His eyes filled with joy.
	"Do you want me to go up and hug you down?"
	Angelia shook her head quickly when she heard it.
	"No, I can do myself."
	After speaking, she carefully took off her shoes and stepped into the water.
	The temperature of the hot spring water was a little high, so hot that she quickly retracted her feet.
	"It's a bit hot."
	She raised her head and told Jonathan.
	Jonathan’s eyes were deep when met her clear eyes.
	He took Angelia's hand tightly.
	"Then I will hold you over?"
	When Angelia heard it, she had to bite the bullet and went over.
	In a short while, the skin was slightly reddened by the steam.
	When the body adapted to the temperature, the pores of the whole body seemed to be opened.
	Jonathan took her hand and walked forward.
	The hot spring pool was paved with pebbles. It extended from here to the depth of the bamboo forest, and finally there was a water pool.
	The warm spring water flowed from the dragon's head by the pool and continuously flowed into the hot spring pool below.
	There was the most comfortable place.
	Jonathan pulled her to go inside. As he moved, the towel on his waist almost fell off.
	Angelia's eyes couldn't help but glance over there.
	She watched it a few times, and she was always worried that it would fall while he was walking.
	Jonathan squeezed her hand.
	"What are you looking at?"
	Angelia was so scared that she quickly looked away.
	"Why don't you wear a bathrobe?"
	Jonathan looked at her for a while.
	"What are you afraid of?"
	Angelia felt his playful gaze, lowered her head, freed Jonathan's hand, and walked over there.
	There were smooth pebbles under her feet, Angelia walked carefully, and soon saw the dragon head at the end.
	Under the steam, the bronze dragon head spewed out light blue water, which looked majestic.
	Obviously, this was a replica of the national treasure dragon head, which was very lifelike.
	At first glance, Angelia was slightly startled, and unconsciously quickened her steps.
	"This is…"
	Before finishing speaking, she slipped and plunged directly into the water.
	Angelia closed her eyes quickly in fright.
	Before she fell into the water, Jonathan, who had been following her, suddenly approached and encircled her waist with both hands.
	"Be careful."
	He helped Angelia up, but kept his hands around her waist.
	The two were very close. Her bare shoulders leaned close to Jonathan's chest. Angelia was almost in his chest.
	Angelia's face grew redder, and she struggled uncomfortably.
	"I'm fine, you let go first."
	But Jonathan's arms firmly kept around her waist.
	"Now I can’t let you go."
	Why?
	Angelia was about to ask, and then, she caught a glimpse of a white object floating behind her back along the water.
	Very familiar...
	She looked at it carefully for a while, her eyes widened suddenly.
	Wasn't that the towel Jonathan tied around his waist?
	It really fell off!
Chapter 106 Because I Want to Kiss You
	When Jonathan found she was so nervous, he calmed down and let go of the hand that was around her waist.
	Angelia still didn't dare to move, and stood rigidly.
	Jonathan picked up the towel, looked back at her and saw her eyes closed tightly. He smiled and casually wrapped the towel around his waist.
	"Let’s go."
	As he said, he took Angelia's hand again, and walked with her.
	Angelia quietly opened her eyes, and saw that he wrapped the bath towel again. This time she was finally relieved.
	Jonathan smiled without saying a word, and led her to sit down beside the Dragon Head.
	As soon as she soaked in the hot spring water, the pores all over her body seemed to be opened instantly.
	Angelia sighed comfortably and turned to look at the Dragon Head spraying water next to her.
	Just a glance, she couldn't help but start analyzing the materials and craftsmanship of it, and she couldn't look away for a while.
	Jonathan glared at the vivid Dragon Head and regretted bringing her over.
	He directly reached out and turned Angelia's face.
	"What are you looking at?"
	Angelia's eyes were forced to fall on him.
	"Dragon Head..."
	Jonathan lowered his head and kissed her on the lips.
	Angelia was dumbfounded and didn’t dare to move.
	Jonathan asked again, "And now?"
	"You…"
	The corners of Jonathan's mouth were slightly upward.
	"If you look at it again, I will ask people in to take it apart."
	Angelia was forced to keep her resentment to herself. Why did the majestic Dragon Head become a white elephant in his mouth?
	"That's the Dragon Head."
	She still couldn't help but murmured.
	The voice was low, but Jonathan heard it.
	"What did you say?"
	Angelia shook her head.
	"Dare to talk back?"
	Jonathan turned around and took Angelia's hand.
	"I think I need to teach you a lesson..."
	His body slowly approached and pressed Angelia against the pebbles behind her.
	He held her hands tightly.
	Angelia's eyes widened and stared at him.
	Jonathan approached her and asked in a low voice, "Don't you close your eyes?"
	"Why?" Angelia blinked.
	Jonathan smiled and moved closer. His lips almost touched hers.
	"Because I am going to kiss you."
	After that, Jonathan kissed her.
	Angelia was pressed against the cool pebbles and her hands were tightly grasped.
	Her eyes opened wider, and Jonathan in front of her had closed his eyes. She fluttered her long eyelashes down, and her facial features were in the mist.
	Angelia froze for a while, and finally slowly closed her eyes.
	The night grew blacker.
	The hot spring pool was full of water mist.
	When Angelia came up, her body and her face also became red.
	When she finished the shower, she looked at the bed in the room and started to worry again.
	There was only one bedroom in such a big yard.
	Jonathan saw this scene when he walked out of the bathroom.
	Angelia stood in the corner of the room, just across from the bed. She didn’t approach the bed. It looked like the bed was something dangerous.
	"What are you doing?"
	Angelia glanced back at him, her eyes widened and she looked surprised.
	"The bed won't eat you."
	Jonathan walked over, sat down on the bed, and looked up at her slightly.
	"Or are you worried that I will eat you?"
	Angelia’s expression showed she thought so.
	Jonathan reached out and pulled her over.
	"Take a rest."
	He forced Angelia to lie down on the bed.
	Jonathan turned off the light, came up and held her in his arms very skillfully.
	It's like hugging a baby.
	Angelia stiffened, twisted her body and tried to break free.
	Jonathan frowned, and his voice came from the darkness.
	"Go to bed."
	Angelia still felt uncomfortable.
	Jonathan saw that she was disobedient, so he raised his hand to spank her.
	"You better not move!"
	Angelia trembled and never moved.
	Jonathan was satisfied, and hugged her to sleep.
	The next day.
	As soon as Angelia opened her eyes, she saw that Jonathan already got up. He was sitting aside and using a computer to remotely manage the company.
	She sat up quickly and flipped through her phone, but still did not receive a reply from Echo.
	Suddenly she became a little worried and thought whether she should find Echo in person. Unexpectedly, after eating at noon, Echo personally came over.
	He came in through the door alone, wearing sunglasses and a peaked cap.
	As soon as he saw Angelia, he said, "Why are you here too?"
	Angelia shook her head, and in front of Jonathan, she only dared to say, "We are here to travel."
	Echo glanced at Jonathan next to him.
	Although Jonathan didn't look at he, he could obviously feel his gaze falling on him.
	In an instant, Echo smiled.
	"What a coincidence, I have a show tomorrow,"
	Before the two of them objected, he directly put the concert tickets in his hand on the table.
	"Tomorrow night, a very important person will come over to participate."
	As he said, he gave Angelia a deep look.
	Angelia picked up the two concert tickets on the table, pondered for a while, and looked back at Jonathan.
	Although Jonathan's eyes were fixed on the screen, his fingers were tapping on the keyboard quickly.
	But when she saw him, he said, "Do you want to go?"
	Angelia nodded, but she was afraid that he could not see.
	"Yes."
	Jonathan stopped typing on the keyboard and turned his head. His gaze flicked over Echo and fell on Angelia.
	"You convince me like this?"
	Angelia looked at him in confuse.
	Jonathan sighed, got up and walked over.
	Ignoring Echo, who was still sitting in front of her, Jonathan directly bowed his head and kissed the corner of her mouth.
	"Go ahead."
	After speaking, he took a look at Echo and returned to the computer to continue working.
	Echo's face turned pale when Jonathan kissed Angelia, and his hands under the table were already clenched into fists.
	Jonathan did it on purpose, he was provoking!
	Angelia didn't think so much, but she didn’t expect that he agreed so easily.
	She turned her head and smiled at Echo.
	"We can go, see you tomorrow."
	Echo managed to force a smile..
	"OK."
	Echo was currently the most popular star in China. Among entertainment circle, singers were always fastest-growing.
	In the afternoon, a lot of fans gathered in the gym next door to HC Villa, which was noisy.
	Angelia and Jonathan walked out of HC Villa, and just met the waiter who sent them the flyer yesterday.
	When she saw them, she was surprised, "Hey? You also come here?"
	She glanced at the ticket in Angelia's hand and smiled.
	"So you already have VIP tickets? No wonder you don't need to buy them. Do you know Echo?"
	She looked at them brightly.
	Jonathan's face darkened.
	Angelia hurriedly smiled at the waiter and said, "No, a friend gave us the tickets."
	After speaking, she and Jonathan left quickly, because she worried that he would repent.
Chapter 107 Claudia Appeared!
	Half an hour before it started, the stadium was full of people.
	Holding the VIP tickets given by Echo, the two went directly to the second floor.
	Angelia looked at the cheering crowd below, the curtain of the stage was still closed, and the performance had not yet begun.
	She felt a little uneasy in her heart. She always felt that there was some secret hidden in the words Echo said.
	Jonathan next to her was still seizing the time to deal with official duties, and the noises below did not affect him at all.
	But if he has been sitting here, how would she meet Echo?
	Angelia thought whether she should go to the backstage, but the performance had already begun.
	Jonathan stopped working and turned to look at her.
	"What’s wrong?"
	Angelia shook her head quickly and sat down beside him.
	As soon as the performance started, Echo was soon on stage.
	All the fans cheered.
	Angelia looked restless when watched the performance.
	Jonathan glanced at the stage, realizing her absent-mindedness, and directly said, "If you don't like it, we can go back."
	"No, since he gave the ticket, we should enjoy the show."
	She waited worryingly for four hours, and Angelia did not stand up until the last show.
	Jonathan looked back at her.
	"I want to go to the bathroom..." She said nervously.
	Unexpectedly, Jonathan also stood up.
	"I will go with you."
	Angelia waved her hand quickly.
	"No, no, I'll just go by myself."
	Jonathan looked at her suspiciously and nodded slightly before a long time.
	Angelia smiled slightly.
	"I'll be back soon."
	After speaking, she quickly turned around, opened the door and left.
	Jonathan kept looking at the door, not caring what the stage performance behind him was.
	After a while, he also stood up and went out.
	Angelia hurriedly left and walked directly to the backstage.
	Everyone was gathered at the front desk at this time. Angelia just walked over, and suddenly saw a person who looked somewhat familiar. That person walked in the backstage in front of her.
	She froze for a moment, and hurriedly chased after that person.
	When looking for Claudia before, she had seen Claudia's photos countless times, and she had already kept her appearance in her mind.
	If she were not mistaking...
	Angelia ran after her anxiously.
	As soon as she arrived at the door, she was stopped by two staff members.
	"Miss, non-staff are not allowed to enter here. If you are fans, please come to the front. After the concert is over, there will be autographs and photo taking activities. Don't worry."
	Angelia shook her head and pointed in the direction where the person had left.
	"Why she can go in? She is also a staff member?"
	"Everyone who can enter has a work permit."
	Angelia frowned and found that the person was gone.
	She was so worried that she ran inside under the staff's hand.
	The staff member turned his head quickly.
	"Miss! You can't run around! Get out!"
	Angelia ignored him and ran directly in.
	After looking for a while, she suddenly saw a familiar person standing at the other end of the corridor, opened a door, and was about to enter.
	The person wore a plain black suit and a black hat. She pulled the hat low over her face.
	Even so, Angelia recognized her identity!
	She was about to speak.
	A low voice suddenly came from behind and spoke before her.
	"Angelia? What are you doing here?"
	This voice!
	Angelia was startled, and her body instantly froze in place.
	In the corridor, the person who was going to push the door to enter suddenly stopped and turned his head to look over.
	Angelia almost stopped breathe when she saw that person’s face.
	The face in front of her was exactly the same as the photo she had seen countless times before!
	It's Claudia!
	She was wearing clothes that the only daughter of the Hunk family would never wear. She was very haggard without makeup.
	It was so different from what she looked like in the photo.
	And under her loose black clothes, Angelia saw clearly!
	Her belly was bulging!
	Was she pregnant?
	Angelia looked at her in shock and was unable to speak for a long time.
	Jonathan came to her at this moment and put his hand around her waist.
	"What are you doing? Didn't you go to the bathroom?"
	There was doubt in his tone, but soon, he found Angelia's body was shaking slightly!
	Jonathan frowned.
	"What happened to you?"
	He followed Angelia's gaze and looked up and saw the woman in black standing at the door.
	After watching for a few seconds, before he noticed something was wrong, that person quickly opened the door and entered the room.
	Angelia finally relaxed for a long time.
	Jonathan hadn't seen Claudia's picture and didn't know what she looked like.
	And now in his heart, she was Claudia.
	She comforted silently in her heart several times, but she was shocked by the situation just now and her heart beat faster.
	She wanted to get Claudia back, but now was not the right time.
	Angelia just breathed a sigh of relief, and Jonathan asked again, "Do you know that person just now?"
	Angelia shuddered and shook her head quickly.
	Soon after, she realized that her reaction was a bit fierce, and she said slowly, "I was mistaken. She was slightly similar to my former friend."
	Jonathan glanced at that direction again.
	Angelia was frightened and pulled him around and walked back.
	Jonathan followed her and asked, "Didn't you want to go to the bathroom? Why did you come here?"
	"Oh, I didn't find the bathroom, so I thought there would be bathroom in backstage, so I came over."
	Before Jonathan could ask more, she took him away the backstage quickly.
	The performance on the stage was over, and the people below were calling Echo’s name frantically.
	Before Angelia and Jonathan could return to the box, someone called her.
	"Miss, Echo said he wants to tell you something."
	Angelia's heart still was fluttering with fear about what happened just now.
	Now she finally knew who the important person was Echo told her before.
	He had found Claudia a long time ago, but something went wrong.
	Because Claudia was pregnant...
	Angelia looked at Jonathan next to her, and refused, "No, I won't go there. Tell him it's too late today. If we have time, we will go to meet him."
	It seemed that the person rarely encountered a girl who refused Echo, so he looked her up and down carefully.
	"Ok, no problem."
	Even if they went out of the gym, Angelia did not relax at all.
	She dared not let Claudia and Jonathan meet again.
	Jonathan looked at her pale face and said worriedly, "What's wrong with you?"
	Angelia gave a strained laugh.
	"I'm fine."
	She slowly closed her eyes. The shock in her mind was no less than detonating an atomic bomb!
Chapter 108 Different Situation
	Angelia and Jonathan had just left the gymnasium, and Echo's assistant conveyed Angelia's answer to Echo.
	In the lounge, Claudia sat across the table, and there was a bad expression on her haggard face.
	"What's the matter? She refused to come over?"
	She had just seen Jonathan and the woman who agreed to marry to Miller family for her. Why did she escape temporarily?
	Claudia reached out and touched her stomach.
	She got angry when she thought of the woman just now.
	When she saw Angelia at Hunk’s house that day, Angelia wore cheap clothes.
	But today, the clothes what she wore were very expensive, and they were the latest style that had just been released.
	And those clothes should have been worn on her!
	Moreover, seeing Jonathan just now, he didn't seem as vicious as the rumors.
	If she hadn't been misled by rumors, how could she give up such a good opportunity and come here to suffer?
	Claudia looked down at her clothes. There was a strong disgust on her face.
	And that man. If it wasn't for him, she wouldn’t live such a life.
	She had his baby in her belly, and now she can't go back to her home!
	Why thing went on like this!
	She thought angrily, pounded on the table, and stood up.
	"She must want to be Mrs. Miller, right?"
	Echo closed the door, turned his head, and his face sank.
	"Shut up!"
	Everything was all because of her. What right did she have to blame Angelia?
	He looked Claudia up and down.
	"Do you think you can go back now?"
	When the private detective he hired found Claudia in S City, she was already pregnant!
	How did she go back?
	Claudia gave Echo a cold face and glared at Echo, but she knew she had made the mistake.
	So she could say discontentedly, "I naturally have my own method. It’s not your business. You just need to ask that woman disappear."
	Echo stared at her coldly. His usual good temperament was exhausted.
	"Don't forget that it was you who knocked her out and let her marry to the Hunk family instead of you."
	"So what?"
	Claudia was more justified. "If it weren't for me, could she wear such good clothes? Can she live in such a comfortable house? She should thank me!"
	Echo was so angry that he lifted her up and stared at her coldly.
	"What are you doing?"
	Claudia was taken aback, and said, "Do you want to beat me?"
	Echo threw her back.
	"Don't run around these days, I will find a way to contact her again."
	Claudia straightened her clothes and rolled her eyes.
	"It doesn't matter if you contact her or not. My parents had told me that someone will come and pick me up."
	"You'd better let that woman leave quickly!"
	She wore her hat again, opened the door and walked out.
	Most of people who came to watch the show had left.
	Claudia lowered her head and just walked out of the gym, she couldn't help complaining.
	"It's hard to find a chance to come out, but it is wasted!"
	As soon as she spoke, she raised her head and saw someone standing not far from her.
	When Claudia saw him, her whole body trembled with fright.
	"Chloe?"
	On the roadside a strong man stood there. He remained motionless and half of his body was hidden in the shadow.
	He was wearing a black leather jacket, but he could still see the bulging muscles on his arms.
	As soon as Claudia spoke, he slowly walked out of the darkness.
	Under the light, a handsome face was exposed.
	He lifted his chin slightly. His facial features were rugged, and he looked like a hooligan.
	Chloe beckoned to Claudia.
	Claudia ran over immediately.
	"Chloe, why are you here?"
	Chloe looked at the gymnasium behind Claudia and said, "What are you doing here? Did I say you can't run around? What if someone finds out your identity?"
	He reached out and touched Claudia's belly.
	"What if people hurt him?"
	Claudia gave a strained laugh.
	"I just came to see the concert, it's getting late, let's go back soon."
	Chloe nodded and looked at her affectionately.
	He put his hand around Claudia's waist casually and bowed his head to kiss her forehead.
	But before he kissed her, Claudia quickly turned and avoided.
	"Go back, I'm tired."
	She passed Chloe directly and walked towards the car parked on the side of the road.
	The silver-gray car was a bit worn out. It seemed that it had been driven for several years.
	When the door was opened, there was still an indescribable stale smell inside.
	In the past, Claudia would never ride in this kind of car.
	But since coming here, she took this car every day.
	Not only that, even the places to eat and sleep were so humble.
	When she met him, she never expected that Chloe had no money at all.
	Wasn’t he powerful in the US before?
	Why he become a nobody here?
	Claudia gave Chloe an impatient look.
	From the first day she came here, she was regretting it.
	Now, finally, the opportunity had come. She can go back to her home, but there was a child in her stomach...
	It was really an encumbrance.
	Chloe got into the car and carefully fastened her belt.
	"Are you hungry? Go back and eat something?"
	"I am not hungry!"
	Claudia shouted angrily. "I don't even eat those food that even pigs don’t want to eat."
	Chloe paused, but finally he didn't say anything.
	"Then what do you want to eat? I will make it for you."
	"I don't want to eat anything! Chloe, if you love me, then don't hide all day. Aren’t you powerful before?"
	Chloe smiled and said, "It was before. I promised you that I won't do that again."
	"You really are good-for-nothing!" Claudia glanced at him and murmured.
	Chloe's hands holding the steering wheel tightened instantly, and after a long time, he slowly relaxed and drove away.
	Within two days, Angelia sneaked out while Jonathan was in a remote meeting.
	The café was remote and they sat in the corner.
	Angelia was observing Claudia in front of her.
	She changed her dress, but it was like the previous one, simple and even a little old.
	Although she wore makeup, she still looked haggard.
	More importantly, her belly was really big. It seemed that she was at least five months pregnant.
	Angelia counted the time, so it seemed that she was pregnant when she escaped marriage.
	She wanted Claudia to come back, but now Claudia was pregnant…
	How can she go back there?
	No wonder Randall and Daphne wanted someone to give birth to Jonathan's child before...
Chapter 109 I Hate Someone Lying to Me
	When Angelia looked at Claudia, Claudia was also looking at her.
	When the two of them sat together at this time, they had become very different, as if their identities had changed.
	This made Claudia even more annoyed.
	"Are you the one who married Jonathan instead of me?"
	Angelia did not expect that she would speak directly like this.
	She was knocked out inexplicably, and married Jonathan inexplicably.
	It was because of the person in front of her.
	She stared at Claudia for a while, then nodded slightly.
	"I am Angelia."
	"Well."
	Claudia snorted nonchalantly and asked directly, "Did you have sex with Jonathan?"
	Angelia was taken aback and looked at her in surprise without speaking.
	Even Echo, who was sitting next to them, frowned.
	Claudia glanced at her, smiled and said, "No?"
	"Then it will be easy, you have occupied Jonathan for so long. You should leave now."
	Angelia frowned slightly and was dissatisfied with her statement.
	But now Claudia's business was more important, and she had to ignore Claudia’s word.
	"I have been waiting for you to come back, but you now..."
	She looked down at Claudia's belly.
	Claudia's face sank.
	"It’s not your business. I have my own way."
	After speaking, she stood up and was ready to leave.
	"If it's okay, I'll leave first."
	With that, she looked at Angelia again and said with threat in her tone.
	"You better leave quickly."
	Angelia frowned as soon as Claudia left, and did not speak for a long time.
	She was thinking that how would Randall send Claudia back.
	According to Jonathan's personality, he will not obey at all, and will fight back even more strongly.
	What's more, Claudia was pregnant...
	Echo seemed to know her worry.
	He turned around and took Angelia's hand on the table.
	"Don't worry, I'll take you abroad at that time, Jonathan can't find us."
	Angelia was not optimistic, she slowly pulled her hand back.
	"But... what about the children in the orphanage?"
	Echo looked at his hand. A touch of loss appeared in his eyes, but quickly disappeared.
	"I will settle them down."
	Angelia opened her mouth, but couldn't speak for a long time.
	She couldn't find any reason to stay here.
	After a while, she finally nodded.
	A smile brightened Echo’s face…
	"Let me send you back."
	When he just stood up, he suddenly saw a white light flashing on the corner of the street outside the window.
	It's the flash of the camera!
	This time he came out in a hat and a mask, but he was still followed by reporters.
	Seeing his movement stopped, Angelia asked, "What's the matter?"
	Echo shook his head.
	"It seems that a reporter follows us, let's go."
	When Angelia returned to HC Villa, she just walked in and saw Jonathan standing at the door.
	It was getting late, and he stood at the door casually, but she felt a trace of oppressing sensation.
	"Where did you go?"
	Angelia didn’t dare to look at him, and shook her head.
	"I saw you were working, so I went out to go for a walk."
	Jonathan stared at her for a while, making Angelia more nervous and feeling a little at a loss.
	His eyes were too sharp. When he saw her, she always felt that he had seen her through.
	Jonathan looked at her and suddenly laughed. The tension disappeared instantly.
	"Let's go, go eat first."
	Angelia then relaxed.
	"Ok."
	She followed behind Jonathan and quietly opened her palm to take a look. Her palm had sweat.
	After two steps, Jonathan in front of her suddenly turned around and reached out to her.
	"Hold me, don't run away quietly."
	Angelia became more guilty, and quickly walked over to hold him.
	She looked down at their hands, but she didn't know how long she could hold his hand?
	"Jonathan, if someone lied to you about something important, what would you do?"
	"How important?" Jonathan asked without looking back.
	"For example, your trust and... feelings?"
	When speaking, Angelia's voice became very small and was full of guilt.
	Just after speaking, she raised her head and saw Jonathan suddenly turning back to look at her.
	His eyes were dark and deep and fell on her.
	Angelia was taken aback. She looked at him and couldn’t say anything.
	Jonathan smiled suddenly and spoke slightly.
	"I hate someone lies to me."
	Angelia's fingers trembled suddenly.
	"Well…"
	However, she lied to him.
	The open balcony of the house was connected to the terrace and extended into the courtyard.
	The ground made of wooden boards was very clean. While facing the bamboo forest and sitting on the ground, the wind bowed the bamboo leaves, and there was a pleasant rustle.
	Angelia was held in Jonathan's arms and enjoyed the wind blowing her fingers.
	She was still thinking about what Jonathan said before, and she didn't dare to think about what he would do if things were exposed.
	"What are you thinking?" Jonathan said.
	Angelia shook her head and said nothing.
	Jonathan hugged her waist from behind, lowered his head slightly and rested his chin on her shoulder.
	"I lived in the Miller’s house when I was young." He said suddenly.
	After a long pause, he continued, "Before I was twelve years old, I was raised as the only child of the Miller family for the first three years. For the next eight years, I was kept in a dark prison."
	"Jonathan!"
	Angelia interrupted him in a panic.
	She became tensed and was a little afraid to hear what Jonathan said next.
	She was curious about the relationship between Jonathan and Miller family before, but when Jonathan really took the initiative to mention it, she was scared.
	Jonathan trusted her, so he told her the past.
	Since this was the secret he buried in his heart, he couldn't even tell it.
	Because she couldn’t be trustworthy at all.
	Angelia grasped Jonathan's hand tightly and wanted to stop him.
	But Jonathan continued, "After Thomson got married in his early years, because of Jennie's health, he was still childless at the age of thirty-five."
	"Jennie's family is involved in politics. Thomson dare not complain, but considering the future of Miller family, Thomson's parents, that is, my grandpa and grandma, after discussing with Jennie, allow Thomson to find one outside..."
	Speaking of this, Jonathan stopped, and then continued, "to give birth to a child."
	Angelia straightened her back, not daring to interrupt him.
	"Jennie didn't object after knowing it. She only has one request. It was that this woman should be found by her."
	"Within two days, she really found a woman."
	Jonathan sighed softly.
	"My mother was very young and was twenty years old. She originally lived in a small town far away from here. She was... Jennie's cousin."
Chapter 110 The Third Gift
	Upon hearing this, Angelia couldn't help but widen her eyes slightly.
	She thought that Jonathan might not be Jennie's child, but she didn't expect his mother to be Jennie's cousin!
	It seemed that Jennie only agreed with Miller's proposal, but in order to keep her position, she also made his cousin live in an abyss of misery.
	Jonathan didn't seem to notice Angelia's shock, and went on.
	"In the beginning, my mother was just a servant at their home. My mother didn't know the transaction between them. Until that night, Jennie directly helped the drunken Thomson into my mother’s bedroom..."
	Speaking of this, he slowly clenched his hands, and the muscles of his arms tightened.
	"Later my mother wanted to leave Miller family, but was locked up by Jennie and Thomson... in the basement where there was no sunshine all day long. Soon, she was pregnant."
	"Jonathan, stop talking..."
	Angelia raised her hand and placed it on the back of Jonathan's hand.
	Even if she didn't see him, she could feel Jonathan's pain.
	Jonathan didn't want to stop.
	"Thomson and Jennie are very happy. They asked people to wrap all the sharp corners in the room with soft cloth, weld the windows with railings, and took away all the sharp objects. They even locked her on the bed."
	Jonathan slowly said, "I was taken away when I was born. I always thought Jennie was my mother. It wasn't until three years later that Jennie was pregnant, and I was thrown back into the basement. Then I knew the truth."
	Angelia dropped her head and her eyes filled with tears.
	She wanted Jonathan to stop, but she couldn't speak.
	Jonathan didn't realize it.
	"I lived in the basement for eight years, and then Thomson finally felt a little guilty and let us out."
	He let out a sneer and looked seemingly disdainful.
	But then Jonathan's tone became more sad.
	"But when we lived outside for a year, the elders of the Miller family came to find us. I watched them..."
	Jonathan frowned, stopped, and didn't continue.
	Angelia could hardly withstand the painful twists and turns in this story, even her eyes were blurred by tears.
	Jonathan took a deep breath, his tone gradually becoming flat.
	"I lived outside for two months, but Thomson quietly took me back and hid me until I grew up and quietly established the M.I Group, and I was strong enough to compete with them."
	"Later I learned that all the things my mother left were taken away by Jennie."
	Speaking of this, he took out a small sky blue box from behind.
	Jonathan turned his head slightly and kissed Angelia's earlobe.
	"Jennie threatened me and let me marry you. I agreed and exchanged part of my mother's belongings."
	Angelia was shocked!
	No wonder.
	No wonder Jonathan was so angry, no wonder he regarded her as an enemy.
	There was a tearing pain in Angelia's heart.
	She blinked and tears rolled down her eyes.
	"Sorry…"
	Jonathan smiled slightly, opened the box in his hand, and a silver necklace appeared in front of her eyes.
	Angelia was very familiar with it. This was the photo necklace she helped Jonathan repair before.
	It was damaged because of her, and she repaired it again.
	Jonathan took the necklace out, smoothed away Angelia's hair, and wore it around her neck.
	"This is her favorite necklace."
	Angelia was already in tears. She lowered her head and opened the pendant of the necklace.
	There originally was nothing in the hollow heart-shaped pendant, but now there was a picture.
	It was a photo of the two of them.
	Jonathan hugged her from behind.
	"I am different from others, I am afraid of losing. I even want to tie you up with a chain, I want to put you in my eyes."
	"But I dare not. I'm afraid you will hate me and blame me. I can only give you this necklace."
	Angelia's eyes filled with tears and kept rolling down.
	Jonathan approached her face and kissed the corner of her mouth. It seemed that he was pleading.
	"I have very few requests. I just ask you not to leave me and don't deceive me."
	"I don't want to hurt you. I don't dare."
	Angelia couldn't help crying anymore.
	How to do?
	She had lied to Jonathan.
	What should she do?
	Angelia shed countless tears that she didn't even have the courage to look back at Jonathan.
	Jonathan held her face and kissed her eyes one after another. He wiped away tears from her face. He was so gentle if she was a priceless gem for him.
	But the more gentle he was, the more sad Angelia felt.
	She quietly held the necklace in her hand. As if an invisible hand was pinching her heart, she felt pain.
	From the beginning, she lied to Jonathan.
	Jonathan laughed when he saw her crying so sad.
	"Don’t cry. If someone sees you, they may think if I bullied you."
	Angelia opened her eyes and looked at him quietly.
	She was flustered and couldn't help but speak
	"If I lied to you..."
	"It isn’t allowed."
	Angelia's heart trembled.
	"What if?"
	Jonathan gave her a deep look.
	"I don't allow it."
	He leaned in lightly, resting his head on Angelia's forehead.
	"Don't force me."
	His word made Angelia's heart instantly sink to the bottom, not landing for a long time.
	She dared not go on.
	She was scared.
	What would Jonathan do if he knew he was cheated again?
	No more than two days, Jonathan returned to the capital with Angelia due to official business and ended their vacation early.
	Angelia had been absent-minded and had been a little unhappy since that day.
	She didn't see Claudia again until the last day.
	After returning to the villa, Martin and several people really came to see her and wanted her to see the new gadgets together.
	Angelia was not in the mood either, and she refused.
	Just when she was worried about whether Claudia would come back suddenly, a gossip spread around the city overnight!
	Mrs. Miller dated with superstar Echo!
	Some time ago, Jonathan established a museum for her which shocked everyone, and people was still talking about this event.
	However, now someone took a photo of her and Echo's "private meeting".
	In the published photos, Angelia and Echo were sitting in the coffee shop. Echo's hand was still on her hand. It looked they were very intimate.
	Angelia saw it and immediately remembered that this coffee bar was the place where they met Claudia the last time they were in S City.
	At that time, Echo said that there was a reporter. She didn't care at that time, but she didn't expect to be taken such a photo!
	Looking at the photos, it seemed that they really were intimate.
	But she had never done such a thing!
	If Jonathan sees...
	There was a sudden panic in her heart, and she quickly stood up and walked towards Jonathan's study.
Chapter 111 Tell People You are Mine
	Angelia banged on the door of Jonathan's study room. As soon as she strolled in, she saw Jonathan was sitting behind the desk and reading a newspaper.
	Angelia and Echo’s affair was issued on it!
	Jonathan lowered his head a little bit, trying to look cautiously.
	His face was hidden in the shadow and it was such a mystery that she could not see any expression.
	Angelia took two steps forward with a nervous look on her face.
	"Jonathan..."
	When she started speaking, she got Jonathan’s attention.
	"Didn't you say that you were browsing around?"
	Angelia got anxious and agreed quickly.
	"I... I was hanging around and met Echo, so we decided to go for a cup of coffee together."
	Jonathan looked up at her.
	Angelia was a little anxious.
	"I want to reassure you that Echo and I only had a cup of coffee, and I came back within five minutes."
	"Jonathan?"
	Seeing that he had been completely quiet, Angelia spoke again.
	Jonathan put his head up this time, with a grin on his face.
	"Why are you so anxious? I have confidence in you."
	When he finished speaking, he put down the newspaper and walked towards her direction.
	Angelia was pleased.
	Jonathan smirked a bit and came closer to hold Angelia.
	"But you must be punished for your bad behavior."
	Angelia was frightened, her eyes became wider, subconsciously sensing that Jonathan would trap her in the small dark room once again.
	Her face lost color Just with the thought about it.
	Jonathan was aware what was on her mind.
	"Are you scared now?"
	He chuckled and said, "You still have some time before you have to start your education. I happen to be looking for an assistant around here. You can be a part of the company till then."
	"Is that all?"
	Angelia looked at him astonished.
	"What else do you think I should do? I can't discipline you or hurt you in any other way, there is no other way to punish you. I can only put you where I can see you."
	"But…"
	Jonathan changed his voice and continued: "I think it is compulsory for me to tell people that you are mine now."
	With that, he took a step closer to Angelia.
	Angelia walked back slightly and bent over on the bookshelf behind him.
	"What do you mean?"
	She had to ask, Jonathan's eyes were a bit untamed, which made her anxious.
	Jonathan saw her look petrified and he laughed a little.
	"Don't move."
	He held Angelia's hands, he pressed them against the bookshelf, and walked towards her, trapping her between himself and the bookshelf.
	Jonathan moved his head towards her and kissed her lips, and he plunged it away as soon as they made contact.
	"You…"
	Angelia was about to speak, but suddenly afterwards, Jonathan lowered his head promptly, kissing Angelia's neck, and sucked it hard.
	Her body was feeling all numb as she trembled uncontrollably.
	Jonathan pressed her firmly, not allowing her to move at all, biting hard.
	Angelia moaned in pain, struggling slightly, she smacked the bookshelf with her hand, and two books fell from it.
	But no one was concerned.
	Jonathan inclined his body slightly, buried his head in Angelia's shoulder, and forcibly made a red hickey on her neck.
	Not long after, he stepped away slightly, licking the hickey pacifyingly.
	The bright red hickey was very visible because of her pale complexion.
	The place where he gave her a hickey is very clever, because neither her hair or clothes can hide it.
	She could only hide it if she would wear a scarf.
	But Summer was not over yet.
	Jonathan giggled with pleasure.
	It was like he made his own mark on Angelia.
	He let go of Angelia’s hands, held on to her waist instead, lifted her up, swung her around and sat her down on the chair.
	"Tomorrow I will make an arrangement for your job. Don't think that the assistant's job is not going to be difficult. There will be a lot of expectations from you."
	Angelia was still in an emotional shock.
	The right ride of her neck was still tingling, sensational feeling continued, which continuously made her nervous and made it difficult for her to be in the right state of mind.
	After a while, she finally nodded.
	"I know."
	Jonathan looked at the hickey on her neck with fulfilled satisfaction.
	Jonathan did not look into scandal of Echo and her, but the people at HT Television were alarmed because of this.
	Echo was the most important asset in HT Television, and there have been few of scandals since his debut.
	This time it was photographed that he dated with someone else, and the woman was the hostess of M1Group.
	As soon as the rumors came out, one stone caused thousands of waves, this was definitely a breaking and shocking news !
	Not only did his image which had been created was destroyed, his work was also affected.
	Now the fan’s official website is all over the place. Some people reprimand Echo, and some people hold Angelia responsible for seducing Echo.
	The whole company was in distress.
	Even if they wanted to make a statement of clarification, it cannot be done because the photos were true.
	The agent browsed through the headlines of several websites and smashed the mouse on the ground with irritation.
	"What do you have to say about this now? It's such a big mess! How will it stop?"
	Echo didn't expect this rumor to flare up so instantly.
	Just now he has seen all the comments from fans on the internet. It was fine to scold him, but others scolded Angelia and that, was unbearable.
	"Someone took a picture of me by accident. There was actually a third person in the picture, but that person left first..."
	"The paparazzi deliberately took this chance to take pictures! I believe in you, the fans won’t be as kind as me."
	The agent stood up concerned.
	"Two days from now, a marketing conference that could be promoted internationally was scheduled. If we miss this chance because of this rumor… we can't afford it."
	Echo also looked concerned.
	He also wanted to take advantage of this marketing thing to bring Angelia for a trip abroad.
	"Can't you vanquish the rumors?"
	"It's too late, they published in the middle of the night, we cannot stop it. Now the rumors are flying everywhere, it’s impossible to prevent it."
	The agent thought for a while with a pouting face, and then said: "Now we can only make a statement. We must find Ms. Miller and ask her to come forward to explain herself. Apart from that there is no other way."
	As they were talking, someone suddenly banged on the office doors.
	A person that looked like an assistant poked his head in with an anxious expression.
	"Hello Tobias, Mrs Hopkins is coming over."
	Agent Tobias and Echo's faces were changed suddenly and they were staring at each other.
	"I know, I am on it."
	Tobias waved his hand and fixes his appearance.
	He usually wears T-shirts, but then he wore a suit, a classy one.
	Echo frowned and said, "Why Mrs Hopkins comes here?"
	Tobias said while putting on his clothes, "The previous generation of the Patriarch of the Hopkins family passed away a few days ago, didn’t you know? It is Mrs Hopkins who is the leader now."
	HT Television was just one of the many industries in the Hopkins family, with marvelous connections. Otherwise it would never have become one of best so rapidly.
Chapter 112 Mrs. Hopkins
	Being one of three families, the Hopkins family was not like the Millers, which had fallen on hard times. The Millers was now nothing more than an empty shell, which was actually outwardly strong but inwardly weak.
	With generations in business, the Hopkins family's properties were unimaginably large, omnipresent, and well established, and there was hardly an industry they weren't involved in.
	However, the Hopkins family wasn't as flamboyant as the Millers. The Hopkins family seldom made an appearance in public, but when it was mentioned, everyone was afraid.
	As a property of the Hopkins family, the staff at the HT Television certainly didn't dare to slack off.
	Tobias and Echo came out of the office in a hurry and just walked to the elevator.
	As soon as the elevator opened, they saw a woman in a long black dress standing inside.
	Tobias didn't even dare to look up, and his face turned pale.
	"Mrs. Hopkins."
	He was usually spontaneous, but now he bowed respectfully.
	Echo, who had only heard of Mrs. Hopkins, looked up at her quietly.
	Two bodyguards stood on either side of the elevator. Mrs. Hopkins was dressed in black, with black lace gloves on her hands and the veil of her black cap covering half of her face.
	As soon as she appeared, it was as if all around her had instantly gone quiet.
	Mrs. Hopkins was not yet forty years old, but she was no less imposing than the other members of the extended families.
	She looked up slightly as the elevator doors opened.
	Two bodyguards stepped forward to block either side of the elevator doors before she stepped out.
	Tobias stepped forward in a hurry. "Mrs. Hopkins."
	Mrs. Hopkins nodded slightly and headed inside.
	Entering the office, Tobias told her, fearfully, what had happened to Echo.
	Mrs. Hopkins folded her hands in her lap and listened quietly.
	When Tobias had finished, she nodded slightly.
	"You'll just have to deal with these things."
	She said indifferently, as if she didn't come here because of this.
	When she finished, Mrs. Hopkins looked up and her eyes fell on Echo.
	"Mr. Echo, I have something I want to ask you."
	Tobias shuddered at her words.
	"Mrs. Hopkins, this really is a misunderstanding."
	Echo looked up immediately as well. He didn't expect Mrs. Hopkins, who was superior and mighty, to know him.
	Tobias was more than anxious. He'd thought Mrs. Hopkins was going to point fingers of blame at Echo as soon as she took office.
	He panicked and tried to explain. But Mrs. Hopkins turned to him with a smile. She was elegant and self-assured.
	"That's not the reason. I needed a little privacy."
	As soon as she said that, the two bodyguards stepped forward. They took Tobias out and closed the door.
	Outside the door.
	Tobias was as anxious as a cat on a hot tin roof. He wanted to lean over the door to hear what they were saying inside.
	But as soon as he saw the two bodyguards standing in the doorway, he could only stop angrily outside.
	He was both worried and frightened.
	Mrs. Hopkins had only just inherited the Hopkins family. Why was she coming to see Echo so soon?
	Even if Echo did get into a scandal, she wouldn't even have to come over here in person.
	What kind of person was Mrs. Hopkins?
	Why would she care about a star?
	It couldn't be that she had a crush on Echo, could it?
	Mrs. Hopkins was now under forty and had never married.
	If she really had a crush on Echo, then Echo wouldn't have to worry about his future career. But...
	Tobias looked at the office door and could not wait to rush in now.
	Mrs. Hopkins and Echo were the only two people left in the room.
	The room was terribly quiet.
	Mrs. Hopkins, who was in front of him, was a big shot that he would never have met even if he had more money.
	The old Hopkins family, which had been passed down from the late Qing dynasty, was truly aristocratic.
	During the war years, the Hopkins family donated all their wealth to the Red Capitalists.
	After the war ended, it quietly retired.
	Such a status was not just something that money can build up.
	Of the three families, the Millers rose to prominence and grew rapidly, but now it had fallen on hard times.
	The Hopkins family was deep-pocketed, unpredictable, incalculable, and very low-profile.
	And the last family...
	"Mr. Echo."
	As he was thinking, Mrs. Hopkins spoke indifferently and interrupted Echo's thoughts.
	He hurriedly looked up, but he didn't dare look her in the eye.
	"Mrs. Hopkins, what did you want to ask me?"
	Mrs. Hopkins nodded slightly. Her eyes were gentle, but her demeanor was impressive.
	"I hear you used to live in an orphanage for a while?"
	Echo nodded in confusion.
	Mrs. Hopkins smiled faintly and said slowly, "So was the place you once lived called Sunshine Orphanage?"
	The next day, Angelia followed Jonathan to the company.
	The M.I Group's exclusive building, which was very modern and irregular, stood in a busy part of the city center.
	Because of her previous affair with Echo, a lot of people recognized her when Angelia went in.
	As soon as they saw her, they all stared in shock.
	The entire group knew that Jonathan had a bad temper. He would scold them for the slightest negligence at work.
	Originally, when they saw that gossip, they thought that Angelia was dead.
	What man could stand this kind of thing?
	Not to mention Jonathan, who had a hot temper and seek revenge for the smallest grievance.
	But while everyone was waiting for Angelia to be fired, Jonathan brought her to work the next day.
	Angelia was wearing a black suit that Jonathan had sent someone to buy for her yesterday
	He wanted skirts below the knee. The steward had searched many stores before he finally found a few sets, and then he bought them all.
	Her curly hair was combed into a bun and coiled behind her head. She wore no makeup and kept looking around curiously.
	Jonathan took two steps, but stopped when he realized she had been following him like a minion.
	"Walk next to me."
	He reached out and pulled Angelia over. "Don't get lost."
	Truman, on the other side, pushed his glasses up the bridge of his nose and pretended not to see.
	The company was not big. How could she get lost?
	Jonathan, however, acted as if he hadn't even noticed how unusual his actions were, and reached up to tuck Angelia's hanging hair behind her head.
	Truman didn't look at them, but he could have sworn he clearly feel people’s shock around him.
	Compared to the expressions on the faces of the employees who looked like they had swallowed a few flies alive, as a good and perfect special assistant, he chose to automatically filter what he shouldn't hear.
	Mr. Jonathan was so cheeky, so he had to become cheeky too and keep up with Jonathan.
	Angelia was no match for either of them and ducked embarrassedly.
	"Let's get out of here."
	Jonathan unhurriedly hooked her collar and took a look at the hickey on Angelia's neck, and then his lips curled up slightly.
	Truman, not surprisingly, heard another gasp of shock.
	This time, even he couldn't help but steal a sidelong glance at them.
	The elevator door was closed again, which finally kept the weird stares of those people out.
Chapter 113 Play It by Ear
	Truman cleared his throat slightly and reported Jonathan’s schedule for today as usual.
	"There are two different meetings for this morning, an inspection of a grand opening of the mall in the afternoon, and an opening celebration."
	Jonathan nodded. "Alright."
	Truman closed his schedule notepad in his hand and carried on, "Mrs Miller’s office is ready, it's in..."
	While he was speaking, he looked up and saw Jonathan glaring at him.
	All of the sudden, uncountable ideas went through Truman’s mind.
	At once, he changed his words, "The offices on the top floor are filled to capacity! There is no availability."
	Angelia looked at him astonished.
	"Did you just say..."
	"Not just the penthouse, but there is also no free capacity above the tenth floor, Mrs. Miller’s office has not been organized yet." Truman emphasized.
	Jonathan turned his attention back to them.
	"Alright then, position it in my office."
	Truman’s best ability of playing it by ear is really high.
	"I'll make sure it is arranged immediately."
	When he got out of the elevator, he rapidly showed the assistants to move the stuff of previously arranged office to Jonathan's.
	A few employees looked around at the things prepared for Angelia before and they were concerned.
	This room was already massive, but it was still filled up. If they were all moved to the boss’s office, where to relocate the stuff of the boss's office?
	Truman didn't even blink.
	"The boss is not bothered, what are you so upset about? Carry on."
	After he finished speaking, he made the point of the situation and added some more to the rest.
	Numerous office furniture were relocated into the boss's office.
	The black and white, tedious, and boring office, because some of the pink-colored items had to be moved in, it seemed to be a bit featureless.
	There was a small brown wooden table near a black desk that made it look very observable.
	On the table, there were colorful book clips, pens, and a little pink monkey toy.
	Yesterday, when Truman heard that Angelia was going to join the company, he hired two bodyguards to buy these young girls' accessories.
	A beautiful sofa was moved in, and there were a few cute pillows on it to make it look more comfortable.
	There were so many things around, almost half of the office capacity was filled.
	Two diametrically opposed styles were put together, but in that weirdness, there was harmony.
	Jonathan stood at the door and was spectating it, without saying a word at all.
	Angelia was a little bit anxious, she didn't expect them to bring so many things in.
	As she was about to let Truman take them out, Jonathan had already stepped in the office without a strange expression on his face, getting ready for today's work. Angelia had to take the words back suddenly.
	The two tables that were displayed, one huge and one little, was somehow very similar to a study room in a castle. Angelia looked around and put the things in order on the table.
	When she put her head up again, Jonathan and Truman were already occupied in today's work.
	Truman was talking about the problem he had before, and Jonathan quickly came up with a solution, while putting his head down and thinking about something for a moment.
	They solved the problem very promptly, and Angelia realized she also has to be very serious about her work.
	Jonathan lowered his head and quickly came up with a new plan, his brows raised slightly, and his determination became untamable.
	When he finished the plan and handed it to Truman, his attention was towards Angelia.
	Angelia instantly asked.
	"What would you like me to do?"
	Jonathan grinned.
	"Meeting."
	He stood up and said, "This time you don't have to do anything. Follow Truman and he will teach you everything."
	Angelia nodded seriously and followed them into the conference room.
	Before she entered, Truman gave her the information used in the meeting.
	"Miss Wilson, are you easily frightened?"
	Angelia gazed at him questionably.
	Truman didn't continue and pushed the doors open.
	The meeting room was full of people.
	There were a few familiar faces, Angelia had recognized during Jonathan's video conference.
	As soon as she walked in, everyone’s attention was towards her.
	Before they could all examine her, Jonathan walked to the top of the conference table and sat down slowly.
	"Let's all discuss this, what is happening?"
	As soon as he started speaking, everyone immediately remembered why this meeting was made in the first place.
	In the beginning, in terms of marine transport, a large project was stolen, and the opponents were the Millers.
	In the past, they were the only ones who were stealing things from others, but they were snatched this time. None of them were convinced.
	On top of that, a lot has been going south with the Millers.
	Everything was kept as a secret. When they found things out, Michael had already signed the agreement contract with the other party.
	Since entering the company’s business, Michael dared to take M.I.’s order, and now it was spreading all over.
	If it wasn’t for this, Jonathan would not have anticipated his return from his holidays.
	When several supervisors and managers saw Angelia, they got confused and forgot many things.
	The manager stood up and said, "The partner first participates, then suddenly backs out of the deal. We have no new information about it."
	"Yes, all cooperation partners were very happy with the deal. How could we know that all of the sudden he would change his mind?"
	They all agreed.
	Jonathan looked towards them.
	"Being it a cooperation, the other party will have to choose a much better plan. You don't even know when Michael intervened, and it’s not a surprise that the order was stolen."
	When everyone heard about it, everyone remained silent.
	This order could make a huge profit, and could be an income of hundreds of millions.
	No one wanted to lose this kind of deal.
	Jonathan put his hand out.
	"Pass me your plan."
	One person instantly handed a document to him.
	Jonathan read it, frowned, and threw all the papers away angrily.
	"And you call that garbage a plan!?"
	Angelia's eyes widened, she got frightened and eventually understood why Truman had just asked her if she was easily scared.
	Jonathan's face was despondent.
	"What's the difference between this one and the last one? The only change I can see is the size of the entrance and exit, what else?"
	"Is this the best plan you could think of?"
	They all put their heads down, too afraid to make a comment.
	This project was finished last year. They didn’t make much changes because the previous time they had an amazing cooperation, so they just sent it over after they revised few details only.
	Everything went well in the beginning, and the contract was about to be signed, but the other party suddenly changed its mind.
	"What about Michael's plan over there?"
	They handed the plan to one another.
	Jonathan looked through it, and his face expression was even worse than before.
	"That is why they left us. All of you compare the dissimilarities between the two contracts, and each of you write five separate plans and send them to me."
	Everyone was in distress and looked up at him anxiously.
	Jonathan had already started to talk about a different thing.
	"A month from now, the new product will be released. Have you thought about the advertising plan?"
	"Yeah...yes..."
	Everyone swiftly handed the plan over.
	Jonathan’s mood finally got a little bit better. He then rapidly combined the ideas of a few people, designed the plan in his mind and invested on it without hesitation.
Chapter 114 Tell Everyone That She was His
	In just one hour, Jonathan solved several things in a row.
	When she came out of the meeting room, Angelia was greatly relieved to see that there were a lot of things recorded in Truman's notebook.
	Recalling just now Jonathan scolded them, Angelia couldn't help asking.
	"Does Jonathan usually have meetings like this?"
	Truman raised his head.
	"No."
	Angelia breathed a sigh of relief, but then heard Truman say, "Maybe because you are present today, and President become a little gentle."
	Gentle?
	Angelia stared at him in shock.
	Truman said with a firm face.
	Jonathan walked out of the conference room. He was still keeping a straight face, but when he saw Angelia, he immediately became tender.
	"What are you talking about? When Truman has something to do in the future, you will need to complete the meeting minutes."
	Angelia nodded quickly.
	"No problem."
	As soon as he finished speaking, Truman received new news.
	"Mr. Miller, the front desk clerk said that Echo wants to see you."
	Jonathan frowned.
	"Why is he here?"
	He turned his head to look at Angelia and then said, "Let him come in."
	When they just returned to the office, Echo was brought in by Truman.
	As soon as he entered the door, there was a strange emotion flashed in his eyes when he saw the weird decoration.
	But soon, he found Angelia was also sitting inside.
	Echo was taken aback for a moment.
	"What's the matter?" Jonathan said then.
	Echo turned his head and said, "I came for this scandal."
	He watched Angelia from head to toe and seemed a little worried.
	"You didn't hurt her, did you?"
	Angelia shook her head quickly.
	"No, Jonathan believes me."
	But Jonathan frowned when he heard Echo's words.
	"What do you mean?"
	Echo turned his head to look at Jonathan.
	"This photo is a misunderstanding. I hope you don't hurt her because of this kind of thing."
	"Oh?"
	Jonathan leaned back and sneered, "Then what qualifications do you have to say that?"
	Echo's pupils shrank slightly and his eyes were deep.
	After a while, he continued to speak.
	"I'm here this time to tell you that the release of this scandal is related to Miller family."
	Jonathan looked at him. His eyes were especially sharp.
	"How do you know?"
	Echo looked back at Angelia, but in the end he didn't avoid her.
	"I found the reporter who took the photo at the time, and he said that Michael asked him to come and took photos. They did the wire copy and publicity in the later period."
	Jonathan's face sank.
	First they robbed M. I Group’s business, and then published scandal news.
	Michael usually did this thing.
	How can he expect to be able to take ambiguous photos in S City?
	Jonathan frowned and glanced at Angelia.
	Echo continued, "I just hope you don't let..."
	When he almost exposed Angelia’s real name, he hurriedly changed the word. "Don’t let her be blamed."
	Jonathan raised his head sharply. His eyes were sharper than before.
	"So, I'm asking you, in what capacity are you here to make this request with me?"
	"I'm her friend."
	Jonathan stood up and walked towards Angelia.
	"I don't remember when she had a friend like you."
	Echo kept silent and clenched his teeth secretly.
	Jonathan continued, "The scandal came from your side. It is your fans who made the trouble. If you don't meet her, will there be trouble today?"
	He walked to Angelia, put his hand around her waist, and declared his ownership.
	Angelia pulled him tolet him stop talking.
	Jonathan held her waist and lifted it so that her body was close to himself.
	He reached out and touched Angelia's hair.
	Echo saw the obvious hickey on her neck at a glance. His body was instantly tense. He clenched his fists and blue veins stood out on his temples.
	But he never moved.
	Jonathan’s fingertips rubbed on Angelia's hickey and looked at Echo.
	"I don’t want this thing happen again."
	Echo stared at Angelia for a moment, and took a deep breath.
	"I just want to tell you. Don’t hurt her because of this kind of thing. Be wary of Michael, don't let her be hurt."
	"My wife, I will take care of her."
	Echo didn’t want to continue talking to him, but said to Angelia, "This time the matter is because of me, I will solve it."
	Jonathan frowned when he heard these words.
	"I'm fine." Angelia said, "I rarely go online anyway, and I can't see it."
	When Echo was gone, Jonathan still frowned.
	He called Truman in.
	"Which companies are reporting the news now?"
	Truman hurriedly said, "There were five companies before, but there are two more companies today. We are suppressing them according to plan, we need to wait..."
	"Don't wait."
	Jonathan interrupted him directly.
	"List the several media involved and tell them to either withdraw the news, or withdraw the news after being acquired, and let them choose by themselves."
	Truman was stunned.
	"Yes."
	He didn’t know what Echo said just now. Why would Jonathan be so angry?
	Jonathan frowned discontentedly.
	Echo can do it, and of course he can do it.
	Under the joint suppression of HT Television and M.I Group, all news about Echo and Angelia was removed within two days.
	Angelia slowly adjusted to her job and followed Jonathan in and out of the company.
	Soon, almost everyone knew her identity.
	In Jonathan's office, which located on the top floor of the M.I building, there were more Angelia’s things.
	Sometimes when Truman came in and asked Mr. Miller to sign his name, Mr. Miller just picked up the one on the table, a pink-blue signature pen which Truman prepared for Miss Hunk.
	He signed his name without changing his face.
	When Truman stood up, he could still see a Q version of the pillow behind his chair, which was originally on the sofa.
	Even if Truman, who has experienced many things, saw this, he was still a little nervous.
	He can't help but glance at Angelia.
	How much did Mr. Miller condone her?
	What was his the bottom line?
	In fact, if he directly asked Angelia this question, Angelia can answer him.
	Jonathan's only bottom line was that after five days, when the hickey on her neck was about to disappear, he will add without saying a word.
	So that during her time in the company, the red mark on her neck never disappeared.
	After a long time in the world, people in the company began to guess privately that it was not a hickey at all, but a birthmark.
	But this sentence was just finished, and the "birthmark" changed its position the next day.
	There was roar among the company.
	After half a month, when she was about to go to school, Jonathan finally let her leave the company to prepare for school.
Chapter 115 The Banquet of Hopkins family
	When they heard that Angelia was going back to school, the whole M. I Group was a little reluctant.
	During this time, because of Angelia, Mr. Miller almost never was angry. He only asked them to write plans.
	This kind of thing was not a problem at all for them.
	After finally getting used to the current life, when they thought that after Angelia left, Mr. Miller will soon be back to the original state, they were all a little scared.
	They almost wanted to cry and beg Angelia to stay here.
	However, except for Angelia who took the initiative to go downstairs, they rarely saw her, so they had to ask the manager to bring their ardent hopes.
	The manager over forty years looked at Angelia with embarrassment, and he himself also didn’t want her to leave.
	There was a big mistake in his contract budget last time. If it happened before, Jonathan could scold him to death.
	But Angelia was there that day, and President Miller just stared at him with murderous eyes for two minutes, and asked him to go back and modify it.
	If Angelia leaves, will he still be treated like this in the future?
	The manager sighed. "Miss Hunk, if you are not busy with your schoolwork or if you have nothing to do, you could often come here."
	Angelia was confused, so she nodded.
	"Ok."
	The manager reluctantly watched Angelia pack her things.
	"I really don't want you to go."
	As soon as he finished speaking, when he turned his head, he saw Jonathan standing behind him.
	His face was dark.
	The manager was frightened and said quickly, "I mean that President must be not willing to let you leave."
	After speaking, he left quickly.
	Jonathan glared at him all the way into the elevator before finally turning his head to look at Angelia.
	"Go to a place with me tonight."
	"Where?"
	"Hopkins family’s banquet."
	Angelia had also heard of the reputation of the Hopkins family before. Almost everyone in the country knew it.
	Though she had heard it for so long, she never contact with it.
	"Can I go?"
	"Of course." Jonathan walked to sit behind the table and pulled her onto his lap.
	"The former Patriarch of the Hopkins family passed away some time ago, and the new Patriarch inherited. According to tradition, a banquet should be held. Everyone in the capital will attend, which is comparable to a state banquet."
	"Then what should I prepare?"
	"Nothing needs to be prepared."
	Angelia looked at him suspiciously. When they attended other dinners, at least he needed to know the identity of the other party and may also need to give gifts.
	Since the Hopkins family was so powerful, why didn’t he prepare for anything?
	Jonathan explained, "The Hopkins family is different from other families. I can't figure out their details. If I investigate, before I know it, I will cause trouble."
	"Since they invited, just go."
	Angelia nodded in confusion.
	In the evening, Angelia and Jonathan arrived at Hopkins's house on time.
	This old mansion had been preserved since the last century and had a long history.
	As the residence of the Hopkins family, outsiders were never allowed to enter.
	Banquets will be held here only when the heads of the Hopkins was changed.
	Among those invited this time, it was more than thirty years ago when someone came last time.
	Angelia felt the difference before entering the door.
	In the usual banquets, all the people who participated in the banquet showed their most beautiful appearance to win attention.
	But today, everyone's dress was very low-key, even many of them were mainly in black.
	Obviously, they didn't want to steal the host's show.
	This seemed very strange.
	The people who can come to participate now were all the famous people in the capital, and today they also knew how to be low-key.
	Angelia wore a black long dress. When she chose this dress, she didn't know to be low-key.
	Just thinking that the last Patriarch of the Hopkins family had just passed away, she chose black clothes which was not too bright.
	After entering the door, no one was frolicking, and walked in quietly along the long corridor.
	Angelia took a casual look, and was shocked.
	The style here was somewhat similar to the HC Villa they visited before.
	But if to compare them, there is a world of difference.
	Although it is also an antique promenade.
	The things placed in HC Villa were all imitations, but everything here was genuine!
	They placed more than a million antiques on the corridor, and there was more than one, even more domineering than Jonathan's castle.
	Jonathan noticed her gaze and leaned in slightly.
	"These are all left by the ancestors of the Hopkins family. They have been kept here for hundreds of years."
	Angelia nodded and continued to walk inside.
	Passing through the antique promenade, the huge hall appeared in front of them.
	The hall was terribly large. There were no fewer than a hundred people invited this time, but even they gathered together, they could not occupy one third of the hall.
	The layout here was not very gorgeous, but it was so grand.
	As soon as people walk in, they will feel themselves small.
	Soon, the people in the hall gradually increased.
	Angelia had seen many people who often appear on TV, all gathered here.
	But it was obvious that their behavior was very restrained and they felt uneasy.
	Seeing such a scene, she became even more curious.
	What was the background of Hopkins family?
	Why so many people awed it.
	The dinner party started for ten minutes, but no one from the Hopkins family appeared.
	Angelia was wondering if they would show up, and then she saw someone arriving late at the door.
	Everyone turned their heads at the same time, saw the people, but looked back in disappointment.
	They thought it was Mrs. Hopkins who came over.
	Angelia followed, but when she looked over, she turned pale with fright.
	"How did she... come here?"
	She could not speak.
	The person standing next to her whispered, "She is a distant relative of the Hunk family."
	After the people finished speaking, he looked at Angelia in surprise after recognizing her identity.
	"Do not you know?"
	Angelia froze for a moment.
	"No, I just don't react for a while."
	The other party shook his head and left in confusion.
	Angelia still didn't move.
	She looked at the person in front of her. The distant relative of the Hunk family?
	The person in front of her was Claudia!
	She wore a dark long dress and looked around. Compared with her time in S City, she looked much more beautiful.
	And the person standing next to her and bringing her in was Randall!
	Angelia's gaze fell slightly and fell on her belly.
	Her belly was flat...
Chapter 116 Claudia's Distant Cousin
	Half a month ago, when Angelia saw her, Claudia was already five months pregnant.
	But now...
	Angelia frowned.
	Jonathan walked up to her and followed her gaze.
	"What happened?"
	She quickly regained consciousness and shook her head.
	"It's nothing."
	Jonathan saw the person in the distance, and then said, "Isn't that the person I saw in S City before?"
	Angelia pulled him and wanted to ask him leave. But she saw Claudia walking over there.
	Obviously, she came for them.
	She and Randall walked directly to Angelia before stopping.
	Angelia was at a loss under her gaze.
	Claudia asked her to leave quickly before, but until now, Angelia was still with Jonathan.
	She looked at Angelia from top to bottom. Her eyes were critical and dissatisfied.
	On the other side, Randall pulled Claudia and smiled heartily at Jonathan.
	"Jonathan, this is Claudia's distant cousin, Sia Hunk, she has always wanted to meet you before."
	He smiled, turned his eyes to Angelia, and said, "Claudia saw her several times when she was a child. Don’t you remember her now?"
	Angelia smiled reluctantly, and nodded slightly at Claudia.
	"Hello."
	Claudia looked at Angelia with a spurious smile.
	"I heard two days ago that you go to another place. I thought I wouldn't be able to see you this time. I didn't expect to meet you here."
	Angelia avoided her sight without answering.
	Jonathan noticed the hostility in her tone. He frowned, and put a hand around Angelia's waist.
	When Claudia saw this scene, a trace of hate flashed in her eyes.
	But soon, she laughed again.
	"Mr. Miller, I didn't come when you were married before, and I hope you don't mind."
	Jonathan frowned. He always felt that her attitude towards Angelia was different since she appeared.
	It made people uncomfortable.
	Although he was dissatisfied, he still spoke coldly.
	"We didn’t hold a weeding at that time, but next time, you can come over."
	Hearing these words, Claudia’s eyes wide opened.
	"What Mr. Miller means..."
	"I want to re-host the wedding with my wife."
	He held Angelia's waist tightly, turned his head and smiled at her.
	Angelia raised her head quickly with fright.
	She didn't even know Jonathan had such plans before.
	"You never told me before..."
	Jonathan smiled faintly, "I want to surprise you, it's not too late to say it now."
	Angelia became more nervous, and she took a glance at Claudia.
	Sure enough, she saw Claudia gnashing her teeth and looking at herself.
	Claudia gritted her teeth and forced a smile.
	"That's great."
	"Mr. Miller, Claudia and I haven't seen each other for a long time. We finally met this time. I want to have a good chat with her, okay?"
	With that, she leaned forward and took Angelia's arm very affectionately.
	If it is someone who didn't know the fact, they really think they have deep feelings.
	Angelia was a little worried and looked at Jonathan.
	But Randall already spoke first.
	He pulled Angelia from Jonathan and urged with a smile.
	"Enjoy yourselves. Jonathan and I also have something to discuss, and you two sisters can just go and have a talk."
	Before Angelia could refuse, she was taken away by Claudia and walked directly to the corner of the banquet hall.
	The smile on Claudia's face instantly disappeared as soon as she walked to the place where no one was there, and her expression became cold.
	She pinched Angelia's wrist so tightly that Angelia frowned in pain.
	"Don’t you want to leave him?"
	Claudia snorted and threw Angelia directly into the corner.
	Angelia’s back hit the wall, and there was a dull pain.
	Before she could speak, Claudia suddenly stepped forward and she was cornered.
	"How did I tell you before?"
	She gritted her teeth, lowered her voice and threatened Angelia.
	Angelia frowned.
	"I haven't found a chance..."
	"No chance?"
	Claudia sneered. "I think you don't want to leave, do you?"
	Claudia guessed her thought. Angelia bit her lower lip and did not answer.
	But Claudia knew the answer at a glance.
	Her gaze was fixed on Angelia's dress.
	"Do you think that you seduce Jonathan and then you can live a rich life?"
	Claudia reached out her hand and pinched Angelia's face, and her red nails scratched Angelia's face.
	"Anything you have now all belongs to me. Now I want to take them back, then you can't stay anymore, understand?"
	Angelia frowned and pushed her hand away.
	"Why I am here now is because of you. It is you who force me."
	"You dare to answer back?"
	Claudia's eyes widened, perhaps because she always thought that Angelia was a weak woman. The first time she saw her express her attitude like this, she was surprised and reacted for a while.
	Angelia wiped the marks on her face, and said, "Even if I really leave, do you think you can be Mrs. Miller?"
	Claudia frowned and glanced at Angelia.
	"Are you threatening me?"
	"I'm just telling the truth."
	Claudia reached out and poked Angelia's shoulder.
	"The truth is I am the daughter of the Hunk family. You are just an orphan. Do you think if Jonathan knows that you lied to him, he will forgive you?"
	Seeing a trace of worry on Angelia's face, Claudia smiled with satisfaction.
	"I'm saving you, do you know?"
	"Angelia, you should appreciate me." Claudia gritted her teeth.
	Angelia glanced to the side and looked around, but Jonathan was nowhere to be seen.
	He didn't know where he was taken by Randall.
	Claudia noticed her movements and sneered, "Do you want to find your backer?"
	"Claudia."
	Angelia took a deep breath and for a long time, she said, "When I saw you, you should be pregnant, right? Where is the child's father? You never liked Jonathan, otherwise you would not choose to escape marriage."
	She raised her head and looked at Claudia.
	"Since you don't like him, why must you marry him?"
	Claudia's face became gloomy when she heard about the man.
	"I don’t like him then I can’t marry him? As long as Jonathan is good enough for me, it’s ok."
	"The child's father..."
	"It's none of your business!" Claudia interrupted her angrily.
	She grabbed the water glass on the side table and splashed it directly on Angelia's face.
	"Look carefully at your appearance. Do you think you are worthy of Jonathan? Even if you steal my identity, you can't become an aristocratic lady!"
Chapter 117 Encounter
	The cold water ran down from her face, the chin, and then the dress. Her dress was wet.
	Angelia opened her eyes slowly and saw Claudia staring at her.
	"This is the last warning. If you don't leave, don't blame me for doing something!"
	After speaking, she put the empty water glass on the table, turned and left.
	It was located in the corner of the hall. No one paid attention to what was happening here.
	Angelia stood there for a while, then raised her hand to wipe the drops of water on her face.
	Although the temperature in the hall was adjusted to the most suitable temperature, she still felt a little cold because her dress got wet.
	She looked around, couldn't find Jonathan, and walked towards the bathroom with her head down.
	Angelia reached out and held the necklace around her neck.
	Yes, she was selfish.
	She didn't want to leave.
	If Jonathan knew her real identity, how would he think about her?
	Will there be pain or anger in his deep eyes?
	Angelia didn’t want to see that scene.
	She hurried forward and wanted to find Jonathan quickly and stay with him.
	She just took two steps forward and was suddenly stopped by someone.
	"Don't come close."
	Angelia raised her head subconsciously and saw two bodyguards standing in front of her. They were tall and strong.
	Angelia walking quickly just now and almost hit them.
	And behind them, there was a woman wearing a black dress.
	She wore black lace gloves on her hands and a veil on her face. She looked mysterious and noble.
	She stood there, like a beautiful picture.
	Behind her, there were still a few servants.
	Angelia froze for a moment.
	"Sorry."
	After speaking, she stood aside.
	A group of people continued to walk forward. Just a few steps, when the young lady came to her, she stopped suddenly.
	"Wait."
	Everyone stopped.
	Angelia looked up and saw that her eyes fell on herself through the veil.
	Her eyes are gentle and powerful.
	She looked at Angelia for a while, and slowly smiled.
	"You are wet."
	After that, she handed over her handkerchief.
	"Be careful."
	The handkerchief was full of a refreshing faint fragrance. Angelia took it, and on the soft black silk, the word "Hopkins" was embroidered with golden thread.
	Angelia was taken aback, and vaguely guessed the identity of the lady in front of her.
	She hurriedly lowered her head and bent over.
	"Thank you madam."
	Mrs Hopkins nodded slightly before moving on.
	Angelia looked at the handkerchief in her hand, turned and walked towards the bathroom.
	Angelia had just turned around, and Mrs Hopkins, who had already left, turned her head and looked at her back.
	The servant who followed asked in a low voice, "Madam, do you want to call her back?"
	Mrs Hopkins watched for a long time before looking away.
	"No need."
	After speaking, she turned and walked into the hall.
	When she had just walked in, hundreds of people in the hall were quiet for an instant and looked towards her.
	They looked with respect at the young inheritor of Hopkins family in front of them. Whether it was an old man over half a hundred years old or a fledgling rookie, they did not dare to be arrogant.
	The ancient and noble Hopkins family has absolute rights and power.
	Everyone couldn’t doubt it.
	They all looked over, but didn't dare to look at Mrs Hopkins, maintaining a polite and humble attitude.
	Mrs Hopkins slowly walked onto the center stage.
	She looked around and smiled slowly.
	"Welcome everyone come to the Hopkins family."
	On the other side, Angelia hurried out of the bathroom.
	She had wiped the water stains on her face, but the dress was still a bit wet.
	After wiping the dress with the handkerchief given by Mrs Hopkins, the dress couldn’t dry out.
	She carefully folded the handkerchief and put it back and then returned the hall again.
	As soon as she walked in, Angelia noticed that the atmosphere in the hall was a bit strange.
	She looked at the people around her and saw that they wore a strange expression. She didn’t know what happened.
	As soon as she stepped in, a hand suddenly stretched out from behind and grabbed her.
	Angelia turned her head in fright, and saw Jonathan looking at her discontentedly.
	"Where have you been? I couldn't find you just now."
	Angelia said, "I went to the bathroom, what's wrong here?"
	Jonathan looked around and said, "Mrs Hopkins was here just now."
	Angelia nodded.
	Jonathan continued, "She announced a now that she will get married."
	"Get Married?"
	Angelia's eyes widened.
	As far as she knew, Mrs Hopkins was the only daughter of the Hopkins family, but she had resisted pressure and had not married.
	Now she was nearly forty. Why did she suddenly decide to get married?
	And just at the time the former leader of the Hopkins family passed away and she just took over the family business.
	Angelia looked around and saw that everyone's expressions were more strange, and she was even more curious.
	"She just gets married. Why they looked so strange?"
	"Mrs Hopkins only said that she would get married, but she did not announce who the bridegroom would be."
	At First, everyone was very surprised that Mrs Hopkins would get marry during the funeral.
	Then everyone was worried about who will marry Mrs Hopkins.
	If the man marries the Hopkins family, his family will surely rise rapidly. Perhaps it will replace the Miller family and become one of three big families again.
	Moreover, the Hopkins family was already in great power, and now when combined with other families, it will definitely become the most powerful family.
	This is bound to impact the industries of all the families present.
	So everyone present looked sad.
	Angelia thought for a while, but was not worried like them.
	"I don't think Mrs Hopkins will be someone who will annex other people's businesses at will."
	Jonathan turned to look at her.
	"The reason why Hopkins family becomes so powerful today is that they have annexed more than 100 companies."
	Hearing these words, Angelia still couldn't think of the appearance of that gentle lady in business.
	The lady's eyes were very gentle.
	Thinking about it, Angelia turned to look at Jonathan.
	"Aren't you worried?"
	Jonathan didn't look worried at all. He didn't seem to be afraid of the Hopkins family at all.
	He smiled faintly, and his deep eyes showed a bit of sharpness.
	"If M.I Group goes bankrupt, then I have no need to keep it."
	After speaking, he took Angelia's hand.
	"Okay, let's go back."
	"Now?"
	Angelia looked around and found no one left.
	And counting the time, they only came for about half an hour.
	Jonathan said, "Mrs Hopkins has been here once, and she won't be here again. It doesn't matter we go back now."
	With that, he took Angelia and walked outside.
	As soon as they reached the door, Claudia and Randall suddenly stood in front of them.
	Angelia frowned when she saw her.
	Claudia's eyes were fixed on her, and finally fell on Jonathan.
	"Mr. Miller, are you leaving?"
	Jonathan's attitude towards her was not good.
	"Is there anything else?"
Chapter 118 I Saw Her Today
	Claudia smiled and walked over and said, "Claudia said just now that she hadn't seen her father for a long time and wanted to go back with him."
	Randall nodded.
	"Yeah, yes, I send Claudia back, and I can talk with her along the way."
	He smiled and suggested, "Jonathan, you can send Sia back for me."
	Jonathan frowned and glanced at Claudia.
	"It's a bit late. Let’s do this another day. If my wife misses you, I will personally take her back next time."
	After speaking, his gaze returned to Angelia.
	"What do you think?"
	Angelia hesitated. She did not look at Claudia and Randall, and nodded.
	"Ok."
	A sharp light flashed in Claudia's eyes.
	She looked at Angelia, her voice sharpened.
	"Claudia, didn't you just say that you want to go back with your father? Why you regret it now?"
	Angelia avoided her sight and grabbed Jonathan's arm.
	"I'm sleepy, Jonathan, let's go home."
	Jonathan nodded. He felt that her face was pale, and raised his hand to touch her forehead.
	She didn’t have a fever. He said, "Let's go."
	After speaking, he pulled Angelia, and walked out straight away.
	Claudia turned her head, looked at the back of them, and clenched her fists in anger.
	"Who the hell is she?!"
	She stomped her foot in anger.
	"Dad, it's all because of you! Why you asked her to replace me? If it weren't her, there wouldn't be so many things today!"
	Randall heard her word and his face sank, "Why did you dare to be angry? Isn't she the one you chose?"
	"If you have time to blame others, it is better to think about how to get your position back!"
	Claudia gritted her teeth with anger. How did she know that things would become like this?
	She rolled her eyes, revealing a hint of viciousness.
	"Since she refuses to leave, let her die as Claudia! Claudia is dead, then I can use Sia's identity to become Mrs. Miller again."
	Randall glanced at her faintly without objection or consent, but turned and walked outside.
	Claudia knew that Randall approved.
	In the room above them, someone stood in front of the window and saw the scene.
	Rosie Hopkins's hands were folded, and there was no expression on his face which covered in tulle.
	There was no light in the room.
	In the darkness, the person sitting in the chair sighed slightly.
	"Rosie, you are too self-willed."
	A deep and low voice sounded, but there was no trace of blame in the tone, but with helplessness.
	Rosie spoke slowly and there was a trace of stubbornness in her gentle voice.
	"I have waited for eighteen years and don't want to wait anymore."
	In the darkness, there was a trace of affection in man's voice.
	"You have just inherited the Hopkins family. We should wait."
	"I saw her today."
	Rosie seemed to remember something. She smiled slightly, but soon frowned again.
	The man stood up and walked over. His tall figure looked particularly attractive in the dark.
	He gently hugged Rosie from behind.
	"We still wait more time."
	"Rosie, we have been waiting for so many years, let's wait a little longer."
	Rosie was silent for a while before finally compromising.
	"Ok."
	Angelia was taken out of the Hopkins family by Jonathan.
	Jonathan smiled and wrapped her waist.
	"Fortunately, when you came out just now, you didn't stare at the antiques in the corridors."
	He reached out and rubbed Angelia's waist. "If you take another look, I can't help but ask Mrs Hopkins if the things in her yard are for sale, so I can buy them for you."
	Angelia came to her senses from Claudia's affairs.
	She laughed and raised the necklace she hung around her neck.
	"I have this enough."
	Jonathan was taken aback, his eyes dimmed for a moment, and the waves under his eyes were surging.
	He hugged Angelia tightly.
	"Don't be so cute because I will want to punish you."
	Angelia smiled and pushed him.
	Jonathan's movements stopped suddenly, and he reached out and touched the front of Angelia's clothes.
	"Why are your clothes wet?"
	He frowned. There was a fierce sharpness in his eyes.
	"Who did it?"
	Angelia was taken aback, and quickly removed his hand.
	"No, I am careless when I went to the bathroom."
	Jonathan's face also was gloomy.
	His face was sullen. There was nothing more annoying than Angelia being bullied in front of him.
	He reached out to hold up Angelia's face, lowered his head, and met her gaze.
	"Who am I?"
	"Jonathan?" Angelia answered in confusion.
	Jonathan said, "Wrong. I am your husband."
	"Now tell me, who did it?"
	Angelia smiled reluctantly.
	"I did it myself. If you want to fight, just hit me."
	Jonathan frowned. Obviously he didn’t believe Angelia's words.
	"Okay, as you say."
	He backhanded Angelia directly up, spread her legs, and hugged her to his chest as Angelia was a child.
	Holding her ass with both hands, he walked forward.
	Angelia's face changed greatly in fright, her face turned red in an instant because of the intimate posture. She struggled to get down.
	"Jonathan, what are you doing?"
	Jonathan pressed her leg tightly.
	"Hold you back home."
	"But…"
	Angelia frowned and had no idea what to do.
	Jonathan's eyes were gloomy when she was moved, and for a moment he didn't know if it was punishment for Angelia or punishment for himself.
	He gritted his teeth.
	"You better not move, or I will spank you."
	Angelia was taken aback, and quickly raised her head. She saw Jonathan looking at her with sharp eyes, and she was so scared that she stretched out her hand to block his eyes.
	"Don't look at me like that."
	Her palm was just resting on Jonathan's face.
	As soon as she finished speaking, she felt her wrists itchy, as if she had been licked, and then retract her hand in fright.
	As soon as he let go, Jonathan smiled triumphantly.
	Angelia looked around. Although it still belongs to the Hopkins family, she didn’t know if the people in the banquet hall will suddenly come out.
	If they see them like this…
	"Let me down quickly."
	Jonathan looked up at her with a smile on his face.
	"Kiss me and I will let you down."
	Angelia's face was red. After hesitating for a long time, she finally lowered her head and touched the corner of his mouth lightly.
	As she was about to retreat, Jonathan suddenly pressed the back of her head, moved forward slightly, and quickly kiss her fiercely.
	Jonathan kissed her deeply, and Angelia was dizzy with the kiss before finally letting go of her.
	"Good girl. Don’t move, I will take you in the car."
Chapter 119 Impostor
	Angelia lay on his shoulders. Her eyes were closed and didn’t say anything.
	Jonathan chuckled and held her slowly towards the car.
	The next day, Angelia finished the work of the M.I. group and stayed in the castle to sort out what she needed in school.
	In that afternoon, Claudia suddenly visited.
	The butler looked embarrassed, "Miss, a lady said she is your cousin and want to see you."
	Angelia froze for a moment before realizing that it was Claudia.
	"She's downstairs?"
	"Yes."
	Angelia bit her lip and thought for a while, after hesitating for a long time, she said, "Butler, I don't want to see her..."
	The butler was stunned for a moment, not understanding what was going on.
	In the past, even when Angela came, Angelia would meet, but when this person who claimed to be her cousin came, she refused?
	A hint of surprise quickly passed through his eyes.
	The butler quickly regained his composure.
	"Okay, I will send her out now."
	Angelia nodded and still felt restless when the butler left.
	After a while, she walked to the window and saw the butler walking out the door with Claudia.
	Claudia seemed to notice that someone was looking at her again, turned her head abruptly, and saw Angelia upstairs.
	Angelia was nervous and she almost hid.
	Claudia smiled slowly.
	While smiling, she made a mouth shape toward her.
	Then she turned and left.
	Angelia’s forehead knotted in a frown. She stood at the window and did not leave.
	She knew clearly that Claudia just said she was an impostor.
	During another two days, Claudia never appeared.
	The day before school started, Angelia found a time and went to M. I Group.
	Unexpectedly, when she just walked in, she saw other people look strangely at her.
	She went up and went straight to the top floor. Just when she got off the elevator, the person standing at the door exclaimed when she saw her.
	"Mrs. Miller, you are finally here."
	Angelia was a little puzzled, thinking of seeing those gazes just now when she walked up all the way, she curiously said, "What's wrong?"
	The man looked around and approached her and then said in a low voice.
	"Mrs. Miller, your cousin is coming to the company every day these days."
	Angelia frowned.
	No wonder she can't see Claudia anymore, so she came to the company?
	"What is she doing?"
	The Hunk family and Jonathan did not cooperate, how did she get in?
	The man's voice was lowered.
	"She went to President's office every day. If we don't let her in, she will say she is your cousin. Who would dare to stop her?"
	Angelia was silent and did not speak.
	The person looked at Angelia and smiled reluctantly.
	"Mrs. Miller, I just came out of the president's office, and now she is inside! You can be careful."
	After speaking, she just ran away.
	Angelia walked towards Jonathan's office and knocked on the door.
	"Come in." Jonathan's voice came from inside.
	Angelia was about to open the door when she heard him yelling in a low voice.
	"I think you are my wife's cousin, so I give you respect. This is the last time! Get out!"
	Angelia paused and pushed the door open.
	In the office, Jonathan sat behind his desk with a cold face.
	Claudia stood beside him and leaned against him. There were several food boxes on the table.
	Jonathan looked at her with disgust and he remained motionless.
	When Angelia opened the door, the two looked up at the same time.
	Upon seeing her, Jonathan jerked Claudia away, got up and walked over.
	He walked to Angelia and took her hand.
	"Why don't you tell me that you will come here?"
	Claudia was pushed by him and almost fell to the ground. She grinded her teeth with hatred.
	In the past few days, she had brought things to Jonathan every day, but he didn't accept.
	Unexpectedly, when Angelia came, he completely changed his attitude.
	She raised her mouth and sneered and walked over.
	"Yes, why didn't you tell me when you came? So we can go out for dinner together."
	With that, she complained.
	"I have been cooking for Jonathan every day for the past few days. If it weren't for my sister to invite me, I might not be able to hold on."
	As soon as she finished speaking, Jonathan glanced at Angelia.
	Angelia frowned, knowing she was trying to misunderstand Jonathan on purpose.
	"I haven't said anything like that." She said frankly.
	The smile on Claudia's face froze.
	"Really? Could it be that I heard it wrong?"
	She asked back.
	Angelia did not answer.
	Jonathan directly ignored Claudia's words, and bowed his head and said to Angelia, "Are you here to meet me for dinner?"
	Angelia nodded.
	"Then go."
	Jonathan took her and walked outside.
	Seeing that they were really going to leave, Claudia was anxious to take two steps forward.
	"Jonathan, if you leave, what about the things I brought?"
	She pointed to the food containers she had brought on the table.
	"Throw it away." Jonathan said without looking back.
	Just about to leave the office, he stopped again.
	"Wait."
	He turned his head.
	Claudia looked happy for a moment. Could it be that Jonathan changed his mind?
	Jonathan glanced at the table. He opened his mouth slightly.
	"Take it out and throw it away, don't dirty my office."
	After speaking, he closed the office door.
	As soon as they left, Claudia trembled with anger. She looked back at the things on the table and overturned all the food containers.
	The food and the soup were spilled on the ground.
	But she still felt angry, and she turned and kicked the chair to the ground.
	She was the daughter of the Hunk family and an aristocratic lady from upper class. She was spoiled by everyone since she was a child.
	She was always pursed by others.
	Even Chloe also took the initiative to purse her.
	But what about Jonathan? After so many days, there was no progress at all!
	She gritted her teeth with anger.
	What methods Angelia used to seduce Jonathan?
	Claudia looked around in the office. She suddenly reminded of something, and hurriedly walked to Jonathan's desk.
	As soon as she walked over, the office door was suddenly opened.
	Truman stood at the door.
	He looked around inside, and fell on the soup on the ground for seconds.
	"Miss Sia, Mr Miller told me to send you out."
	Claudia quickly retracted her hand that was about to open the drawer. A trace of panic appeared on her face.
	Soon, she stepped out on high heels.
	"Ok ok. Am I a prisoner?"
	Truman turned to his side and said tonelessly, "Mr. Miller wants you to take your things out and throw them away, not in the office."
	"I accidentally spilled it, can't I?"
	She rolled her eyes at Truman.
	"You even don’t know how to deal with such a small thing? Just ask the cleaner to clean it."
	Truman did not speak, but followed her and kept sending her out of M. I company.
	When she returned, she conveyed Jonathan's words to the front desk by the way.
	"If she comes again in the future, she is not allowed to enter. If she made trouble, you can order the security guard at the door."
	The front desk hesitated and said, "But isn't that Mrs. Mller's sister?"
	"This is Mr. Miller's order, and you just follow it."
	When they knew this was Jonathan's order, the two nodded quickly.
	"Yes, sir."
Chapter 120 Established a Major for Her
	Angelia and Jonathan got into the car and she finally said, "I didn't call her."
	"I know." Jonathan said.
	Angelia fell silent again.
	She knew that this was just the beginning for Claudia.
	Seeing her unhappy, Jonathan said, "I helped you to transfer to another major."
	Angelia raised her head in surprise and looked at him.
	"Don't you like antiques and cultural relics? Phillips College
	has established a new major- cultural relic identification and restoration. I will help you to transfer to another major. Do you agree?"
	Angelia stared at him blankly.
	"I've never heard of it before..."
	"This is a new decision and will not be noticed until the beginning of school."
	Jonathan turned his head. "How about it?"
	It is true that Phillips College did not have a major in cultural relic identification and restoration. There were very few students applying for such a major, so it was very unpopular. A few of teachers major in cultural relic identification and restoration, let alone students.
	Those who have the ability to restore cultural relics, which are rare than antiques, are immediately hired. Who will teach here?
	This was a major he established for Angelia.
	From the classroom, the teacher to the cultural relics that was used to teach was provided by him alone.
	Angelia didn't know, she really thought it was the school's decision.
	She happily agreed. Before she thought that she would always be in business school, but she didn't expect to be able to study cultural relics restoration one day.
	"It is good!"
	Jonathan saw she finally laughed, turned around and drove the car out.
	The next day, Angelia received a transfer notice as soon as she enrolled.
	She followed the address on the list, and finally came to the classroom of the old campus.
	Cassius Lloyd was looking down at the plate he had just bought.
	He bent over the desk and observed the plate carefully. His long and white beard was well groomed and he was still wearing a gown.
	Wearing a pair of reading glasses, he kept a straight face and looked very serious.
	While watching, the phone rang suddenly.
	He glanced at the phone impatiently, and finally answered.
	Martin's voice immediately came from the other end of the phone.
	"Hey? Cassius, I'm telling you seriously. You can't bully the girl. We really like her."
	Cassius frowned. He shouldn't accept this job.
	From the first two days, Martin and the others called him four or five calls a day, and he was so annoyed.
	"So what? I'm such a person. Or let her not come. Restoring cultural relics is not a easy job."
	"I know, but the girl is amazing. Haven’t you seen the blue and white porcelain bowl before? How is it? Not bad?"
	When he mentioned this, Cassius put down the tool in his hand and sat up straight.
	"Are you serious? You said she was only eighteen years old and I believed it. But I don't believe that she had never been systematically trained before. Don't think you can fool me?"
	Martin on the other end was also angry.
	"Bah! I had told you many times, but you don't believe it! Then you will know how talented she is. If you dare to bully the girl, I will kill you!"
	Cassius was not afraid of his threat.
	"If you dare to say one more word, when you have something broken in the future, don't come to me to fix it!"
	Unexpectedly, Martin, who had always been threatened by these words before, smiled triumphantly today.
	"I will not ask you for help in the future. I can ask the girl to help me!"
	After speaking, before Cassius spoke, he hung up the phone.
	Cassius stared at the phone in his hand with anger.
	He was also one of the best porcelain restorers in the Forbidden City before, and he just retired some time ago.
	When Jonathan visited him several days ago, he was still reluctant to accept his request.
	If it wasn't for Martin and other people's constant encouragement, threats and inducements, how could he have agreed?
	People have no patience now, and that girl was still eighteen-year-old. How could it be possible for her to learn this?
	He had indeed seen Martin's celadon bowl before, and it did not seem to be repaired by an inexperienced hand at all.
	"To find an expert to fix the porcelain to fool me? It’s impossible!"
	He glanced at the door, and said discontentedly, "no matter who you are, If you dare to learn, you will have a rough time!"
	As soon as he finished speaking, the door was knocked suddenly.
	"Come in." He shouted.
	As soon as the door was opened, Angelia stood in the doorway.
	"Hello, teacher, I am a new student this semester."
	Cassius looked at her, then lowered his head to check the names and photos of the list in his hand.
	After checking, he raised his hand to interrupt her.
	"Ok."
	As he said, he stood up, took the thick books he had prepared long ago, and put them in front of Angelia.
	"Go back with these books. A week later, I check you on random."
	Angelia looked at the books in her hand. Even the thinnest book in her hand was thicker than her palm. There were more than ten books.
	"To recite all the books?" she said in surprise.
	Cassius threw his eyes on her.
	"Are you unwilling to do it?"
	"No."
	Angelia shook her head quickly. But one week's time was too short to recite so many books.
	Just thinking about it, she looked around and saw that there were only two people, she and Cassius, and even the desks had been demolished.
	"Cassius, are there anyone else?"
	"No, you are the only one."
	After speaking, seeing Angelia stunned for a while, he turned his head and said with a stern face, "What? Are you worrying? If you change major now, it will not late."
	"No, I will definitely study hard."
	Cassius snorted and his expression was more serious.
	"Repairing antiquities is not lip service."
	He waved his hand and hinted her to leave.
	"Go back, I will check you."
	Angelia left with those books.
	She flipped through the materials Cassius gave her, which were all about the customs and features of every dynasty and period, the porcelain appreciation, and the development history of official kilns.
	These complicated books were very difficult even to read, let alone memorize them.
	As soon as Angelia returned to the villa, she didn't dare to be lazy, and soon began to recite.
	When Jonathan came back from the company, he came in and saw that the food on the table was intact.
	"Where is she?"
	The housekeeper frowned, "The young lady is still reciting."
	"Reciting?"
	"I heard that it was a task requested by the school's teacher, such a pile of information."
	The butler raised his hand and showed him the height.
	When the steward recalled that Angelia had just returned with those books in her hands, he was worried.
	How can it be possible to memorize so many books in one week?
	But as soon as she came back, she started to recite, and still hasn't come out yet.
	Jonathan frowned.
	"I know."
	After speaking, he turned and walked directly upstairs.
	In the study, Angelia was still memorizing her first book.
	She picked the easiest one among them, but even so, it was very difficult to recite, let alone recitation.
	After coming back from school, she has been reciting in the study, but several hours had passed, she only memorized a few pages.
Chapter 121 Examination from Mr. Cassius
	Jonathan Miller pushed the door to come in; now she was sitting beside a window and fully concentrated on a book in her arms.
	On the table there was pile of books which were brought here by Angelia.
	He never believed, on the first day, Cassius left so much assignments to her.
	He frowned and walked to her to say, “I start to doubt it is a correct decision to transfer you to this institution.”
	Angelia raised her head for his words.
	And then asked, “Why?”
	Jonathan did not answer directly and said, “You did not have meal.”
	Angelia had a look at the clock on the wall and was surprised by what time it was now.
	“It’s too late!”
	Jonathan said, “If I did not come, would you stay here until tomorrow morning?”
	Angelia was upset to watch the unfinished documents on the table.
	“Mr. Cassius let me recite all of these in one week; he will check it later.”
	But Jonathan did not consider Mr. Cassius’s request to be important.
	He said, “Take it easy. Mr. Cassius intended to assign you such difficult homework. He cannot make it by himself.”
	Angelia said, “I have ever heard about Mr. Cassius; he was famous for working in the Forbidden City. Although I don’t know the reason that he accepted me as his student, I have to grab the opportunity.”
	From Angelia’s saying, Jonathan was too regretful that he involved Mr. Cassius. His plan did not help but made things worse.
	He took the papers out of Angelia’s hands and put them aside.
	“We go to have some food. Read it later.”
	Angelia rubbed her eyes and then followed him to go downstairs.
	As soon as finishing the meal, she hurried up to go back.
	After some hours, Jonathan knocked at the door and came in again
	He said, “Have a break.”
	And waved to Angelia.
	Angelia raised her head and was amazed that he was lying on her bed. She asked, “What are you doing?”
	“I watch you sleep.”
	Jonathan answered her naturally and waved to her again.
	“Come on. Don’t wait for me to catch you.”
	Angelia was hesitated and had a look at the brochure with the last several page unfinished.
	She said, “I will sleep after these pages.”
	Jonathan turned out to be serious and said, “Ok, I will help you.”
	“How could you help me?”
	“Come here.”
	Angelia did not move for unbelieving him. Jonathan squinted and seemed to be in a contempt.
	Right now, she stood up and walked to him.
	She was pulled on the bed by him at the moment of walking closely.
	With eyes open wide, she asked, “What are you doing?”
	Jonathan covered her eyes with his hand.
	“Close your eyes and sleep”
	Unsure about the result, Angelia still followed what he told her to close her eyes.
	Just this moment, she heard his voice.
	“From the beginning of Song dynasty, chinaware became much more popular and got a peak since the middle of the dynasty. During the period, there were five famous kilns, namely, Ru, Guan, Ge, Jun and Ding…”
	Was he reading the articles on the documents for her? She was a little stunned by this.
	The lower voice kept going on slowly beside her.
	Jonathan covered her eyes with his hand again.
	Soon later, she went to sleep with his voice.
	Reading the last pages, Jonathan closed the book and felt her breath gradually going longer.
	He moved his hand on her eyes and knew the girl leaning on him already slept well.
	“I don’t know correct or not.”
	He complained and then kissed her face.
	In the following days, Angelia was so busy with the assignments that she was not available every day and tried to avoid meeting Jonathan.
	In these evenings Jonathan was home from company, he always looked for Angelia in each corner of the castle and got her to the dinner room.
	For the couple of days, she changed several places quietly but each time was found by him with no exception.
	Once Jonathan came back, Angelia would be interrupted; she has to make full use of the time when he was away to work.
	Two days later, Martin heard that she had not been to college and came to meet her.
	He was extremely angry that Angelia had to recite the documents Mr. Cassius left.
	“Girl, don’t listen to him. You did much better than him. He intended to treat you like that.”
	Angelia said, “Anyway this is the basic that I have to do.”
	In sight of so many documents on the table, he frowned, “It’s too much. How could you finish? He cannot make it but asked you to do. Didn’t he do it intentionally?”
	Angelia did not care about this and smiled.
	“I read all of these good materials. Some of these were hand written by Mr. Cassius. He is sure to know they are useful.”
	Martin did not agree and waved hands.
	“Don’t be silly. He has little amnesia. How could he remember to write down?”
	He saw Angelia refused to listen to him and called Mr. Cassius.
	Martin talked indeed impolite on the call.
	“Cassius, what are you doing? I told you not to push her too hard. Why did you ask her to recite so much?”
	Cassius seemed to be more powerful than him.
	His voice was loud enough for Angelia to hear.
	“Yes, I intended to do. If she cannot endure these, just let her go.”
	“Hey! How could you…”
	But Mr. Cassius hang off the call before Martin talked more.
	Martin was annoyed to stare at his phone screen for a while.
	Then he turned back to look at Angelia.
	“Girl, this guy is too stubborn. Or you change to another teacher? I know some ones much better than him.”
	Angelia rejected and said, “No, thank you. I think Mr. Cassius is good enough.”
	In fact, she thought the same as Mr. Cassius; repair of antiques was a such a tedious job that it would be certain to bring a lot of difficulties.
	She said, “I would like to try. I think I can make it. But I cannot go out with you these days.”
	Martin understood her and said, “It’s ok. Your study takes the first place.”
	Anyway, he complained Mr. Cassius one more time in his mind.
	He could not blame on the girl, instead, it was the old man’s fault.
	Martin left after encouraging Angelia several minutes. He also informed everyone else not to disturb her recently.
	As a result, nobody including Martin did not come to meet Angelia in the following several days. She neither went out and only stayed in the castle for the complicated homework.
	After seven days, she was greatly confident when going back to Phillips College.
	Mr. Cassius had been told by Martin many times that Angelia was excellent. Now he arrived a little earlier.
	He had a chin-up to Angelia with a tea cup in his hands.
	“The Development of Chinaware, Chapter two. Please.”
	She nodded and started to recite it as she memorized.
	For a while, Mr. Cassius raised hand to stop her.
Chapter 122 A Vase from Song Dynasty?
	“Wait a moment.”
	Then Mr. Cassius got the book and turned to the page that he talked about.
	“One more time.”
	Angelia recited again with no compliant.
	With a frown, Mr. Cassius looked at some following pages to remind her some and asked her to continue.
	Repeating for several times and changing several books, finally, Mr. Cassius finished the exam.
	He watched Angelia carefully and seemed to be confused.
	“How did you recite so many books in short time? You cheated?”
	Angelia shook her head.
	“No. I tried all the best to finish it.”
	Mr. Cassius did not believe her because he intended to give Angelia a mission impossible. He never thought someone could recite all of those so soon.
	For sure, he did not believe Angelia told the truth.
	He turned back to the cabinet behind him where he took a box out to open. There were several pieces of blue and white porcelain inside.
	And said, “I heard you repaired Martin’s bowl of blue and white porcelain. Now you could try this one. This is from Song Dynasty, very precious. You stay here for some days to repair. I will come back when you finish.”
	Before Angelia answered, he rushed to leave the room.
	A minute later, Mr. Cassius regretted and hided outside by the window quietly, looking at Angelia in the room.
	He had a smile when he saw she was too careful and tried to come up with the solution to the fake; he was satisfied with his plan.
	“It is not blue and white porcelain from Song Dynasty. Merely a fake one costs twenty yuan. How to learn repair if she cannot distinguish the authentic from the fake.”
	Then he turned to leave with great pleasure.
	Angelia observed the porcelain with caution in the room.
	It looked too abnormal from each aspect.
	It was so weird.
	She started to repair the vase with the tools left by Mr. Cassius.
	It took her three days to finish only one third job for this twenty-centimeter vase.
	She became more doubtful with more job being finished.
	The vase did not look like a product from Song Dynasty at all.
	Angelia did not find any professionalism though the hand-made style; it looked the same as the ones sold in common shops.
	Nevertheless, when Mr. Cassius left, he told her this was blue and white porcelain from Song Dynasty.
	“What happened?”
	She had to call Martin to enquire about Mr. Cassius.
	Martin listened to her and said, “Cassius is not nice. Stingy and selfish. Nobody would like to get along with him if he is not so competent in the industry.”
	Angelia asked, “Has he ever made some mistake in the antique identification.”
	Martin answered, “If talking about this, probably never.” Stopping for a while, he confirmed, “No. I will let him review everyone I picked up.”
	She hung off and observed more details of the porcelain in her hands.
	Though it looked like a fake one, she decided to repair it first.
	Mr. Cassius might have some other follow-ups after this exam.
	Angelia lowered her head to be concentrated on the last steps.
	Without knowing how long had passed, she heard somebody was talking outside the door.
	“Jonathan, you are here. Do you come to pick me up?”
	Angelia stopped her work for the voice.
	This was Claudia Hunk talking?
	And she was calling Jonathan…
	So, Jonathan was here now?
	Angelia raised her head to look at the clock on the wall. She realized it was almost seven O’clock in the evening.
	No wonder she felt it was getting dark just now.
	She hurried up to tide up and opened the door.
	At once, she saw Jonathan and Claudia standing there.
	It was easy to see Jonathan’s poker face of no emotion; he already took off his suit to have it hung on his arm.
	It seemed he had been waiting here for some time.
	Claudia stood in her opposite and had a cutesy smile.
	Angelia was surprised to see her.
	“How did you two…”
	Jonathan already turned to watch her as soon as she opened the door.
	He frowned and became serious when seeing Angelia.
	He asked Angelia, “What did I talk to you?”
	Angelia stopped for a second and answered, “I should go home to have meal…How long have you been here?”
	“Not long.” he said casually.
	Earlier when he was leaving company, he already called the castle and knew Angelia was still out; he came to Phillips College.
	He intended to take her back to have more rest; yet when he saw the girl was so focused on her job that he stayed outside to wait for her instead of taking her immediately.
	However, Claudia got here before Angelia finished work.
	He nearly forgot Claudia also attended Phillips College several days ago.
	And it was too coincident that she was in the same class with Angelia.
	If Jonathan did not rush to transfer Angelia out, both of the girls would see each other in the class.
	Claudia was greatly annoyed that Jonathan and Angelia were not paying attention to her now.
	She had a look at the inside of the classroom that Angelia walked out of; she was picky about the condition so that she was not satisfied with old one.
	She asked, “You transferred here to have classes? That’s why I cannot see you now.”
	In fact, Claudia planned to meet and talk with Angelia in college without the presence of Jonathan; out of her expectation, Angelia left the class before.
	She was here!
	Claudia looked inside a little bit longer. This is the old campus where there were less teachers and students.
	When she realized this, she had a smile for getting an idea.
	She walked towards Jonathan and tried to hold his arm, “Since you are here.”
	“Jonathan, please drop me off my home.”
	Jonathan was not patient with her and took a step backward to avoid her at the moment she moved towards him.
	Finally, Claudia did not reach him.
	Her smile stopped for a couple of seconds with some of embarrassment and then she talked with him like a child, “Now all my drivers left; don’t you worry about me if I go alone?”
	She was afraid Jonathan would not do it and looked at Angelia.
	With the smile, her eyes were full of threat.
	And said to Angelia, “You also let me walk home alone?”
	Before Angelia answered, Jonathan said, “Yes, please.”
	His voice sounded extremely cold with nothing of sympathy.
	In spite of her reaction, Jonathan took Angelia away at once.
	Angelia walked away without looking back. But she could feel Claudia kept watching her in the behind which was like a sting to her.
	Just leaving college, Jonathan said, “From now on, don’t push me to the others as you want.”
	Angelia was astonished and asked, “How do you know?”
	It was right that she almost accepted it just now.
	Jonathan was mad at what she said.
Chapter 123 The Broken Vase
	"You will see what I will do next time if you dare to do it again!" Jonathan said angrily.
	Angelia shook her head quickly.
	"No, not anymore."
	Jonathan sat her down in the car and said, "I will hire two bodyguards to escort you to the school next time."
	The girl named Claudia was a distant relative of the Hunks, but he had a story weird feeling towards her.
	Somehow he felt unset and confused because of Claudia
	Claudia's way into Phillips College was very convenient because she had Hunk’s last name to open up the ways for her.
	When she attended to the previous class where Angelia was also going, she instantly met a few friends in some extent.
	"Are you certain?" Claudia asked suspiciously.
	The person who was sitting behind Claudia leaned towards her and nodded firmly.
	"Yes, rumor says that she is the only one in that major. She has been hiding in the classroom these days, repairing a broken vase."
	"I heard that the vase is from the Ming Dynasty and it has a great value. It was originally from the Bruno family and was handed to Cassius Lloyd so he would fix it."
	"Cassius was really generous, he gave her such a valuable thing to repair."
	Claudia frowned, because she remembered what she saw outside the classroom on that day.
	There was certainly a broken vase inside the classroom.
	She rolled her eyes and asked, "How is she handling it?"
	"I heard she completed the restoration today."
	Claudia nodded and stood up.
	A few people asked instantly, "What are you going to do?"
	Claudia smiled and said, "I'll go to see the infamous vase, do you want to join me?"
	A few people looked at each other. The people who ever tried to be against Angelia always had terrible consequences. They didn't want to poke the bear.
	Seeing that they were hesitating, Claudia intentionally said, "I will go over there alone. Looks like you are all scared of her."
	Some people got awkward by her words and stood up.
	"Okay, then let’s go and have a look."
	"Only look and don’t touch."
	"Correct."
	Claudia looked at all the simple-minded people in front of her and nodded.
	"Of course, she is my friend. I'm just worried for her. In case she has problems, I will help her."
	While speaking about it, they walked outside and arrived at the old campus very quickly. When they found Angelia's classroom, Claudia stood in front of the window and looked around. There was no one inside.
	She turned around and walked over to the door. The classroom door was locked, so she pushed the person next to her.
	"Do you know how to unlock it?"
	The person who stood next to her shook the head, not understanding Claudia's intentions.
	"Stupid."
	Claudia complained. She noticed that the lock on the door was made of old iron, she looked around for a stone.
	Before anyone could say anything, she threw the stone and broke the door open.
	Some people were scared by her actions and gazed around. They were so afraid of being seen by passengers.
	"What are you doing? Didn't you just want to look at the room?"
	Claudia dropped the stone on the floor and started clapping out of nowhere.
	"Yeah, just go in and have a look. Are you coming?"
	She lifted her foot, walked in the room, turned around to them and said, "That was a vase from the Ming Dynasty. No one has ever seen it, right? Does anybody here want to know how she fixed it?"
	Claudia went inside.
	The rest of them were hesitating for a while but followed her in anyway.
	There was a box standing on the table.
	Claudia walked over and opened it without hesitation.
	An exquisite white and blue porcelain vase.
	"She actually repaired it!" Someone said with surprise.
	When she first came to see it, the carving of the rupture could still be seen. One could never believe that it could have been repaired without leaving any fractures.
	"Astounding."
	Claudia said on the side, "It’s been put back together, can it break again with one touch?"
	"It can’t be?"
	The person carefully put her hand out to reach the vase.
	The vase stood firmly in her hand. Everyone came forward to have a peak. It was the first time that they saw such an amazing masterpiece that was restored by fragments.
	Claudia saw them all standing close to each other and came close to have a look. Taking advantage of no one looking, Claudia bumped towards the person who was holding the vase.
	The person was not holding the vase carefully, and pushed by Claudia, the vase fell directly to the ground.
	Boom!
	The vase shattered into pieces once again!
	The pieces were all over the ground!
	Everyone got so silent that even dropping a needle could be heard.
	No one had the courage to speak, their eyes were wide open, watching the debris on the floor.
	"What to do…"
	When the person who was holding the vase opened her mouth, she nearly started crying.
	"This vase is from the Ming Dynasty."
	"I can’t imagine how expensive it is?"
	Everyone looked at each other but no one dared to say anything.
	Although they were wealthy and they could get the money for it, they would be reprimanded to death by their families for sure.
	Not only she would be punished by her family, but also the owner of this vase, the Bruno family would be pissed off as well. Claudia could read their mind just by looking at them. She stepped forward and poked her head through to have a look.
	"Why weren’t you careful?"
	The girl who was holding the vase started to cry.
	"I don't know what happened, it felt like someone pushed me."
	"What are we supposed to do now? The only way is to suffer the loss of money, but the Bruno family may not let it go so easily. I heard that he was looking for this vase for a long time."
	The girl became more nervous when she heard this.
	"So, what should we do now?"
	Claudia pretended to meditate for a while, and then she spoke, "I have an idea. Let whoever fixed the vase before fix it once again. It is not going to be a big deal for her."
	"But how can she help me..."
	"Idiot! How could she know that you break the vase if no one tells her? That is my suggestion, you can think about it."
	The girl looked around, gritted her teeth, quickly picked up the debris from the ground and put it all back in the box.
	After everything was done, everyone quietly left the classroom, locked the door behind them, and left.
	She grabbed Claudia's hand with anxiety.
	"Will you keep it secret for me?"
	Claudia shook her head very morally.
	"Don't worry, I won't say a thing."
	That girl felt relieved straight away.
	"Thank you."
	All of them fled suddenly with a guilty conscience.
	Claudia followed them for a minute, and all of the sudden she found an excuse to leave. She turned around and got back to the old campus.
	As soon as she got there, she saw Angelia and Cassius walking into the room with someone else.
	She quickly found a safe place to hide, ready to amuse herself.
	Angelia had just fixed the vase and was very excited to find Cassius.
	Seeing that she was very confident, Cassius also invited Ruben to come to have a look at the vase.
	"It's not even been two weeks. You already fixed it?"
	Cassius couldn’t believe it.
	According to his estimation, it was not possible to repair a vase in such a short period of time.
	"I hope you did not replace it with a new one."
Chapter 124 Real Vase vs. Fake Vase
	"I wouldn’t."
	Angelia said it with a smile on her face. Cassius was just joking around.
	She turned around to unlock the door and noticed that the lock didn’t look the same. She frowned, hesitated a little bit, but Cassius behind her pressed her.
	"Hurry up."
	Angelia refrained from doubting and took out the key to unlock the door.
	The case of the porcelain vase was on the table where she placed it.
	Cassius did the honor of the house inviting Ruben to take a seat and to have some tea.
	"Let’s have a look."
	Angelia carefully picked up the container and placed it in front of them.
	"This vase was broken into eight pieces, and there weren’t so many fractures that need to be glued, so I completed it in a shorter time."
	Cassius grunted and opened the box. After looking at it, his face changed unrecognizably.
	He threw the box back on the table angrily.
	"Are you joking?"
	Angelia glanced at him with confuse. When she was just about to say something, she realized that the noise coming from the box was weird. A rustling sound, it was like the collision and friction of countless ceramic fragments.
	She suddenly stepped forward and reopened the lid with a very bad feeling in her heart.
	Fragments!
	All fragments!
	"How did this happen?"
	Angelia was shocked when she looked in the box.
	Cassius's face was full of darkness, and he said angrily, "If you can’t fix it, at least don’t break the vase into more fragments than before!" Ruben had a look, and somehow the appearance of this vase was familiar to him.
	"This... I hope this is not the vase I gave you for restoration, the porcelain of the Song dynasty from the original kiln, right?"
	He rushed up, picked up one of the pieces and looked at it, the pattern on it was exactly the same!
	"This…" Ruben all of the sudden turned his head and stared at Cassius.
	"Cassius! What is happening here?"
	Claudia stood outside the window, triumphantly listening to the conversation between the three people inside, enjoying the embarrassment of Angelia. This was what Angelia got for had the guts up against her! Cassius frowned and didn’t say anything. The Diego Mills turned to Angelia once again.
	"Ms. Miller, what happened? I have been told that you could fix it. Perhaps you did not want to do the work, but I wonder, why do you destroy it?"
	Angelia shook her head.
	"The vase was absolutely fine before I invited you to come here."
	She looked around and saw that several things were positioned differently on the table. And the door lock had a problem also.
	"Someone must have come in and destroy the vase."
	Ruben smiled smugly, but didn't believe a word of it.
	"We thought you and Cassius were the only ones allowed to come in here? Cassius hasn't come here these days. Has someone seen you fix the vase?"
	Angelia frowned.
	"Not really..."
	"So, nothing more to say."
	Ruben looked at the fragments in distress, and said, "I bought this for seven million. I expect you to pay me back!"
	"Seven million?"
	Angelia’s eyes were widened in shock and she stared at Cassius.
	Through her observation over the past few days, this vase wasn’t any different from the ordinary vases sold in the store.
	How was it possible for this vase to be worthy for seven million? But Cassius Lloyd overheard what Ruben said without saying a word.
	Angelia frowned, thinking about it over and over again.
	"Mr. Mills, where did you purchase this vase?"
	"Why does it matter? Do you want to buy an identical one to repay me? I warn you, this is the last one!"
	Angelia said disagreeing, "It is a fake one."
	Ruben's face changed.
	"Impossible! Cassius authenticated the vase for me. It is indeed genuine!"
	When Cassius heard what Angelia said, his eyes lit up a little bit and eventually he carefully looked at her.
	After looking at her for a while, he nodded slightly, responding to what Ruben said.
	"It is real!"
	"Did you hear that?!"
	Ruben slammed his hand on the table lightly with dissatisfaction and stood up.
	"It seems like you just don't want to pay me back! That’s why you say my vase is fake!"
	Angelia was confused. Everyone knew Cassius's abilities, and it was impossible for him to make such a low-level mistake.
	Moreover, although the workmanship of this vase was a bit elegant and some places were deliberately made to imitate the traces of antiques, there were several flaws. With Cassius's skill, it was impossible not to notice it.
	"But I truly feel that this vase is fake."
	"You!"
	Ruben was so imposing that he would even swear towards her.
	Cassius stopped him by raising his hand. He looked at Angelia and asked,
	"Can you tell me how do you know that this vase is fake?"
	Angelia nodded hesitantly, and explained the inadequacies in the vase, from the design of the shape to the obvious signs of imitating the antiques, and also the other flaws, one after another.
	The logic was spot on, and the analysis were sensible.
	Cassius Lloyd nodded repeatedly and didn’t get angry. When Angelia finished talking, he asked, "Is this what you remember from the book you memorized before?"
	Angelia agreed and said, "The notes that you handwrites were very detailed and very helpful."
	Angelia was very shocked how Cassius could create such excellent notes but made such a huge mistake for a vase that cost seven million.
	These last words instantly made Cassius very satisfied. He was happy. He raised his hand to touch his beard. There was a smile on his face for the first time in so many days.
	"I got it."
	After speaking, he glanced towards Angelia and said, "Martin once said that you have very good skills. I didn't want to believe it in the beginning, but now it seems that you actually do."
	Angelia could not believe what she was hearing.
	Even though she didn't know why all of the sudden he changed his words. It was the highest praise anyone could get from Cassius, who was strict and rarely praised people!
	Angelia was still a little bit confused but deep in her heart she was feeling joyful.
	"But this vase..."
	Ruben looked at Cassius on the side, vaguely assumed something, and suddenly got disappointed.
	"Cassius, do you also think that the vase I bought was not real?"
	"No, the vase you bought was not fake."
	Cassius put his hand out and picked a fragment out of the box, and slowly said, "This one was fake."
	"What do you mean?"
	Cassius stood up and approached the cabinet that was located in the corner.
	He bent down and took out a new box from the safe on the bottom, and then carefully placed it in front of Ruben.
	"This was the one you bought. I already fixed it."
	Ruben looked at him with surprise, and immediately opened the box.
	A Blue-and-white porcelain vases with transparent colors appeared in front of them. The light fell on it, reflecting amazing sight.
	Angelia was not standing far away, but even so, she couldn't see a trace of it being repaired.
	The vase was perfect.
Chapter 125 Another Trouble Comes Before the Previous One Solved
	Cassius said slowly, “Sorry, Sir. I bought the exact same one to test my apprentice and let her practice.”
	Rubin looked at the similar-looking bottles in the boxes and frowned, “But didn’t she break the bottle?”
	Cassius smiled and shook his head. He took out a broken fragment from the box and slightly raised it, “She has fixed it.”
	The previous crack was visible through the bright light, but it was well repaired.
	Although she did not handle some parts in the most appropriate way, being able to do something like this was already good enough.
	Unexpectedly, Cassius had already seen through it.
	Angelia was puzzled when she said, “But when I left, the vase was fine. Now the door lock and the vase are broken, someone must have entered.”
	Cassius nodded and looked at the hidden camera in the corner, “Then we need to look at the room’s CCTV.”
	Claudia’s expression changed, she was standing outside the window and heard those words.
	She never thought that there would be cameras in such abandoned classroom.
	Claudia suddenly became nervous, but she quickly remembered that she was not the one who broke the vase. Even if they checked the CCTV, they wouldn’t be able to do anything to her.
	The most annoying thing was that Angelia escaped!
	She stood at the door and watched for a while.
	She’s very angry that she didn’t want to keep watching Angelia who had started learning with her teacher, so she turned around and left quietly.
	Claudia turned around and went out.
	Seeing those people who had left before but still standing at the door, she asked,
	“Why are you still here?”
	Several people turned their heads to look at her and pointed to the opposite side, “Look, isn’t that Vincent?”
	Claudia raised her head and looked up.
	The person standing on the opposite roadside was indeed the home-room teacher.
	She pondered for a while and suddenly said, “I heard that he has a good relationship with Mrs. Miller?”
	One of them whispered, “After all, Vincent has been taking care of her since the terms started.”
	“Vincent is kind because he treated her unjustly on the first day of school.”
	“Hey, wasn’t there a gossip about Jonathan’s wife and Vincent?”
	Claudia listened for a while and looked at the man standing on the opposite side.
	She slowly thought of a new idea and walked towards Vincent.
	Right when she approached, she saw the medical record that he was holding dropped. Claudia picked it up and glanced at it, it was a surgery notice with the surgery fees written on it.
	Claudia suddenly smiled, “Vincent, are you having some financial problems? I can help you.”
	Vincent turned his head around after hearing that voice. When he saw that it’s Claudia, he immediately snatched the surgery notice and said, “There’s no need.”
	Claudia stopped him and said, “For me, that amount of money is a piece of cake. As long as you do me a small favor, I can give it to you.”
	Vincent looked at her in suspicion with wavered gaze.
	There weren’t many people in China who’s engaged in cultural relic restoration, and most of the elites were centralized at the Imperial Palace.
	Cassius was one of the best restorers. He’s different from others who would recruit a lot of students and taught them carefully to pass on their craftsmanship. Although only a few people able to endure hardships and persist were left, there’d be many accumulated over time.
	Cassius didn’t like recruiting students. He had never recruited any student for forty years since he worked in this field. Angelia was his first and last student.
	Cassius was always stubborn and he could point out tons of mistakes that you’ve made when he didn’t approve of you. But he’d agree with everything you did after he got a good impression of you.
	So, Cassius would defend your mistakes more than Martin.
	Cassius liked Angelia more and more since he accepted her as his apprentice. He really wanted to teach her all his skills.
	Sometimes when he saw that Angelia was too tired of learning, he even offered to let her go out to play and have a rest.
	Martin and others just had to frequently come and treated the school as their own home.
	Each of them was more than 50 years old, and they’re several hundred years old in total. Who would dare to stop them?
	From time to time, they’d buy things from the flea market and let Angelia and Cassius do the appreciation.
	Cassius usually ignored this sort of situation and scolded them if ignorance didn’t work.
	Angelia had a good temper, she would agree to their requests as long as it was reasonable.
	After several times, Cassius was quite unhappy.
	“Ignore them.”
	“We are the restorer. Even a pair of chopsticks would cost a lot to repair! They were taking advantage of you.”
	Cassius disdainfully said, “A group of rich people comes to take advantage of my apprentice, how could they be so shameless?”
	Martin was not to be outdone, they could quarrel without speaking.
	They’d forget about the quarrel and ask Cassius to appreciate their stuffs again on the next day.
	The classroom’s CCTV showed the whole process of Claudia and a group of people breaking into the classroom, but it was impossible to see who pushed the person behind from that angle.
	Cassius had asked Angelia after getting the CCTV records.
	The school said that it wouldn’t be a big deal since the broken thing was not a valuable.
	Those who could study here were all rich and powerful, not even the school would dare offending them.
	Finally, the problem was in Angelia’s hands.
	Cassius was very clear that there should be punishment for it.
	When Angelia saw that Claudia was in the video, she knew that Claudia must be related to it.
	Claudia was probably the one who pushed that person.
	Even if that person is punished, it wouldn’t affect Claudia.
	Cassius said, “They broke a fake bottle, but what if it’s the real one? They broke into my office and didn’t obey the rules!”
	Angelia stretched her hand out to rub his back.
	“It’s fine. Let’s just do as the school says.”
	Cassius was angry and helpless.
	“You are too honest. You’d sooner or later get bullied.”
	That afternoon, Angelia had just conveyed her decision to the school.
	Vincent, former home-room teacher, came forward to beg for mercy himself.
	Vincent stood awkwardly in front of Angelia.
	In comparison, Vincent looked more like a student, pushing the black-rimmed glasses on his face.
	“Angelia, they were wrong on this matter. But since you were all in the same class before, just forget it.”
	Vincent always took care of Angelia when she was in business school, so she’s very polite to him.
	“Vincent, did they ask you to come here?”
	Vincent shook his head and said, “I should deal with this as their home-room teacher since they’re from my class.”
	His personality was rigid and refined.
Chapter 126 Absolute Trust
	Angelia sighed and immediately said, “I agreed with the school, so let’s just do as the school says.”
	Vincent quickly smiled after hearing that, he took Angelia’s hands in excitement.
	“Thank you, thank you very much!”
	He was over enthusiastic. Angelia struggled and threw his hands away.
	“If there’s nothing else, I’ll leave first.”
	“Wait! Can you do me a favor?” Vincent suddenly stopped her.
	“What is it?”
	Vincent pointed to the homework books placed aside and said, “My hands are hurt and I can’t hold so many things. Can you bring them back for me?”
	Angelia nodded without hesitation.
	“Okay.”
	Angelia brought the homework books to the teachers’ dormitory.
	She stood at the door and did not enter.
	“Vincent, I am going back”
	Seeing that she’s turning around, Vincent hurriedly spoke.
	“Wait a moment, I have something for you. Come in and have some drink first.”
	Angelia was still hesitant when Vincent pulled her in.
	“Vincent!”
	She screamed in surprise, but Vincent did not let go and kept pulling her into the bedroom.
	“I just wanted to give you something, don’t worry.”
	How could Angelia not worry? She had struggled a bit but she couldn’t break free.
	Soon, Vincent took out a photo after searching the drawer for a while.
	“This is it.”
	Angelia took the photo and looked at it. It was a photo of her performance last semester.
	She glanced suspiciously and threw away Vincent’s hand.
	“Only this photo? I’ll take it. But Vincent, I really have to go back.”
	This time, Vincent did not insist and nodded.
	“Take care.”
	Angelia looked at him inexplicably and left the teachers’ dormitory.
	Vincent looked at her back figure and waited until she’s gone.
	His face instantly turned pale.
	“Was it okay?” He asked quietly.
	After speaking, Claudia walked out of the closet.
	“Vincent, why were you so nervous? It’s just a small favor.”
	Vincent kept silent.
	Claudia glanced at him and handed him a check from her bag.
	“Here you go! You clearly agreed to it yourself so don’t act like I forced you.”
	Vincent looked at the check in front of him and finally took it.
	“If it wasn’t for my mother’s disease, I’d never...” He said that with a pale face.
	Claudia waved her hand indifferently.
	“Bye! Vincent, you can continue to feel sentimental on your own.”
	Angelia returned to the Ancient Castle and quickly left that matter behind.
	The next day, she felt something wrong when she came to Phillips College.
	As soon as she walked in, she felt that people was secretly looking at her.
	When Angelia turned her head, the other party would quickly retract their gaze.
	She continued to walk forward for a while, but suddenly saw a lot of people gathered and talked in front of the school’s bulletin board.
	Angelia walked over in curiosity.
	When someone turned around and saw her, their faces changed. They stretched out their hands and pulled the people beside them.
	Everyone turned around and looked at Angelia with contempt.
	Angelia frowned and walked in.
	When she saw the photo on the bulletin board, she was shocked!
	She turned around and looked at the other bulletin boards.
	All the bulletin boards were filled with the exact same photos!
	In the teachers’ dormitory, Vincent and a person acted ambiguously.
	That other person’s face was clearly seen too, and it was Angelia!
	Furthermore, they were holding hands tightly in these photos!
	That was when she helped Vincent with the homework books yesterday!
	Who took these photos?
	Angelia’s mind was in a mess looking at those ambiguous photos.
	Did Vincent suddenly acted strange yesterday for these?
	Angelia frowned and looked at the surroundings, she heard their comments.
	Their sound was very soft but it was very clear to Angelia.
	“Seducing her own teacher, she’s so shameless.”
	“Wasn’t she married? Yesterday, there was a scandal with a celebrity last time and now with her teacher.”
	“I‘ve always wondered why Vincent keeps protecting her. It turned out that they had that kind of relationship.”
	“I don’t know what Jonathan would think if he knew this...”
	Angelia suddenly tore off the photos on the bulletin board. She turned around and walked towards Vincent’s office.
	At this moment, Claudia took out her mobile phone and called Jonathan.
	“Hello? Jonathan, there’s something I should tell you.”
	Angelia went straight to Vincent’s office. But she found out that he had already resigned when she got there!
	“When did he resign?”
	Angelia looked at the others in the office in surprise. “I just met him two days ago.”
	Several teachers in the office looked at her.
	“He resigned two days ago. Didn’t you know?”
	Their gazes for Angelia were the same as the ones in front of the bulletin board just now.
	She frowned and walked outside.
	In just a short time, the photos had been spread everywhere.
	As soon as Angelia appeared, everyone would look at her with abnormal gaze.
	She dared not go to crowded places so she wandered around the old campus.
	She dared not go back for a long time. What would Jonathan do if he knew about it?
	She didn’t know how long she had walked, but the sky was getting dark.
	She hesitated whether to go back or not.
	But when she turned her head around, Jonathan appeared in front of her.
	“Jonathan?”
	Angelia panicked when she saw him.
	Jonathan was a few steps away from her, and he walked over slowly with no expression on his face.
	“When do you want to go home?”
	There was helplessness in his voice.
	He came over after receiving the call and watched her wandering for half an hour.
	When Angelia heard it, a sense of grievance suddenly surged in her heart, almost drowning her.
	“Those are fake photos.”
	Jonathan hugged her.
	“Ssh, I’ll take you home.”
	Angelia pulled his clothes.
	“Do you trust me?”
	Jonathan stretched his hand out and rubbed the pendant on Angelia’s neck.
	After a while, he finally spoke.
	“I trust you.”
	Angelia was shocked, she did not expect that Jonathan trust her.
	She glanced at him worriedly and then relaxed when she saw that Jonathan was not angry.
	Jonathan lowered his head and kissed her on the forehead.
	As if he was coaxing her, but also telling himself.
	“No need to explain. I trust you.”
	“But……”
	“Don’t worry. I’ll deal with the rest, okay?”
	Angelia hesitated for a while but nodded.
	“Okay.”
Chapter 127 Jonathan was Crazy!
	Jonathan took her and walked out of the campus.
	As soon as they appeared, they attracted everyone's attention.
	No one thought that after that after what happened, Jonathan could still be so nice to Angelia.
	But Jonathan just believed Angelia unconditionally, ignoring everyone's suggestions and opinions.
	Just like he promised.
	He had never trusted others so much, but if he decided to do so, he would not hesitate.
	Jonathan pulled her tightly towards himself and walked out through the crowd without paying attention to anyone.
	Even Angelia herself was surprised about Jonathan's trust in her.
	How much emotional support was needed for such unconditional trust?
	There was a trace of warmth in Angelia's heart, but she didn't know that these were pushing Jonathan's limits bit by bit.
	Angelia was taken back to the house by him, and was soon comforted by Jonathan and fell asleep.
	It was not until late at night that Jonathan left the house again.
	The light was dim, and he stepped into the night to walk into the garden.
	In the yard, Steward was already waiting for him.
	"Sir, we found the man."
	Jonathan turned around to see the man lying on the ground tied up on the other side, and walked over.
	Vincent was tied up, and her mouth was still taped with a scotch tape.
	He kept struggling, and the black-rimmed glasses had long since fallen somewhere.
	Jonathan walked to him, lowered his head, and looked at him.
	The night was dark, and he could only see vaguely what he looked like.
	Jonathan's eyes were cold, without a trace of emotion, as if he was looking at a dead person.
	A bodyguard stepped forward and tore the tape from his mouth, and he immediately yelled out loud.
	"What are you going to do? This is illegal... Humph!"
	He was saying something when Jonathan kicked on his shoulder and pushed him directly on the ground.
	"What did you do to my wife?"
	Vincent trembled all over.
	"I didn't do anything, she first..."
	Bang!
	Before he could finish speaking, Jonathan's eyes sank onto him and kicked him hard in the chest, and there was the sound of ribs breaking.
	He lowered his eyes, with a fierce light in them.
	"I will give you another chance."
	Vincent trembled and started crying.
	"I just need money, I really don’t know what to do."
	He glanced at Jonathan quietly, saw that he didn't interrupt him anymore, so he continued to speak.
	"She gave me the money and asked me to do this… otherwise I don't have any money for my mother’s surgery, and she will die. Please let me go."
	"If I let you go, who will let me go?"
	Jonathan's eyes showed only coldness.
	"What have you done to her?"
	Vincent's eyes flashed, and he cautiously said, "I really didn't do anything, I only held her hand..."
	Jonathan's expression remained unchanged.
	"Anything else?"
	"No, absolutely nothing else!"
	Jonathan looked down at him for a while, then bent down slightly.
	"Next, I need you to be quiet to not wake my wife."
	“Okay, I will..." Vincent just agreed, and immediately after seeing the knife Jonathan took out from behind his back, his face went pale instantly and he lost all color.
	"Mister Miler! You can't do this! You can't..."
	The bodyguard standing behind him quickly stepped forward and covered his mouth.
	Seeing Jonathan gesture his hand, he stabbed the knife through the hand into the ground, nailing his hand to the ground.
	Vincent twisted and struggled violently.
	Jonathan stood up, stepped on the handle of the knife and pressed it down.
	"I don't like it when someone is holding her."
	Blood gushed out from the palm and seeps into the soil, staining the ground red.
	Steward looked at Jonathan worried.
	It's been a long time since Jonathan...
	If the incident that happened with Zach was unforgivable, then what Vincent had done was definitely wrong, but even though, this punishment was still too cruel.
	He looked up, but was surprised by the expression on Jonathan's face this time.
	His stiff features were dull under the moonlight, and his eyes were filled with craziness.
	The extremely possessive desire towards Angelia made him go slant.
	The last time when Angelia and Echo had rumors, Jonathan just left a hickey on her neck.
	This time, something similar was happening, but he simply abolished his hand.
	What about next time?
	Steward frowned and suddenly became worried.
	Vincent, who was still on the ground already fainted because of the pain, and Jonathan finally took his foot back.
	From beginning to end, the expression on his face had not changed.
	He wiped the non-existent stains on his hands and looked down at Vincent without a trace of pity.
	"Throw him out and ask him to clarify in public tomorrow."
	After speaking, he glanced at the blood on the ground and frowned.
	"Clean up the blood and don't let her see it."
	"Yes."
	The two bodyguards took him away immediately.
	Jonathan turned and walked towards the house.
	Steward hurried behind him.
	"Sir, what should we do about the Hunks?"
	This time the incident was caused by a "distant relative" of the Hunks family, and judging from the actions these passing days, the woman's motive was not simple.
	"Tomorrow, I will go to Hunk's house."
	Jonathan walked to the door, paused, and added, "Don't tell her."
	"Yes, sir."
	Hearing the answer, Jonathan lowered his head and checked his body, and made sure that there was no blood smell and blood stains before he raised his hand and opened the door.
	The light in the bedroom was dim, and there was a small lamp beside the bed.
	Angelia had already fallen asleep.
	Jonathan sat down by the bed and looked at her.
	Angelia opened her eyes dazedly in her sleep.
	Seeing Jonathan, she was surprised, "Why are you here?"
	"I want to sleep with you today." Jonathan said.
	Angelia nodded, and was about to move to the side, when she suddenly realized what he said, and stared at him with wide eyes.
	Jonathan affirmed, "I want to hold you in my sleep tonight."
	His eyes were so firm that she couldn't refuse.
	Angelia remembered what happened today, her eyes flashed.
	"Jonathan, are you..."
	"I just wanna hug you." Jonathan interrupted her.
	Angelia thought for a while, then nodded.
	In the next second, Jonathan was already holding her.
	He firmly held Angelia in his arms, and gently stroked her hair with his hand.
	"Go to sleep," he said to her.
	Angelia was too sleepy to respond, and soon fell asleep again.
	Her breathing was becoming longer gradually.
	In the darkness, Jonathan slowly lowered his head and kissed her hair.
	"No one can take you away."
	His voice was very low and soft, but with unspeakable determination.
	The night wind blew in from the window, carrying away his voice.
	The next day, just as discussions were at it’s highest level, Vincent suddenly came forward and took the initiative to clarify the matter.
Chapter 128 Two-Faced Women
	As soon as Vincent showed up, the nearby surveillance was also made public.
	But someone discovered that when Vincent went public, he only posted a video.
	In the video, his face was pale and his lips were bloodless.
	While the camera was shaking, the gauze on his hand could be vaguely seen.
	When the video was released, Jonathan went to the Hunk's house without telling Angelia.
	Because of Angelia, he had a higher tolerance for the Hunk family than others.
	But this time, they stepped on his little toe.
	Claudia didn't know that Vincent's affairs had been exposed, and when she saw him, she was greeting him with joy.
	"Jonathan, are you here for me?"
	Compared with her, Jonathan's eyes seemed much colder.
	She reached out to hug Jonathan, but was pushed away.
	Claudia was caught off guard and was pushed directly onto a chair.
	"What are you doing? Why are you pushing me?"
	Randall and Daphne heard the action and went to check on them.
	Seeing that Claudia almost fell over, the two of them quickly went over and held Claudia.
	"Jonathan, what are you doing?"
	"Yes, whatever it is, we can talk about it, why do you need to get physical?"
	Jonathan's eyes passed the two of them and fell on Claudia.
	"You know what you have done yourself."
	Claudia looked away, she wouldn't admit it.
	"I don't know what you're talking about. You can't blame me just because your wife made a mistake."
	A gloomy light flashed in Jonathan's eyes, and he took a step forward, stretched out his long arms, and directly pulled Claudia from behind the two.
	He pulled Claudia by the collar, almost lifting her from the ground.
	"This is the last time I am telling you this, but surely you can try how patient I am with you."
	His sharp eyes flicked over the three of them.
	"If it wasn't because you are my wife's family, do you really think you can still sit here and talk to me now?"
	Randall was not looking too good after he was threatened by him.
	Claudia laughed, and looked at Jonathan.
	"Your wife? You should know..."
	Just as she spoke, Daphne suddenly pulled her.
	Claudia had to shut her mouth and turned her head unwillingly.
	Daphne smiled, and said, "They are still young, and it is inevitable that there will be some quarrels, it’s nothing serious."
	Jonathan did not smile at all.
	He looked at Claudia coldly.
	"I hope she knows what is and what is not a joke. Otherwise, I can also play some small jokes on her!"
	After speaking, he flicked his hand, and stuck a knife directly on the table.
	The sharp knife was inserted deeply into the mahogany table, and the exposed part was still stained with dried blood.
	It was the knife that was stuck in Vincent's hand yesterday.
	Claudia only took one look at it, her legs trembling with fright, and she sat down on a chair.
	Randall's expression showed no joy.
	When Jonathan left, he snorted and sat down.
	"Look at what you have done!"
	Claudia was scared at first, but when she heard Randall's words, she suddenly became dissatisfied.
	"What's wrong with me? Is it wrong for me to take back what belongs to me? Besides, when you were at the Hopkins house that day, you didn’t say anything, did you?"
	Randall glared at her and slapped his hand on the table.
	"I thought you were a little bit smarter than that! You got us into trouble so quickly!"
	"How would I know that he believes that woman so much?"
	Claudia gritted her teeth in anger, the more she thought about it, the more she couldn't figure it out.
	Any man encountered with such a thing, how could he not doubt it at all?
	"That woman, I don't know what love potion she has given to Jonathan!"
	Randall was full of anger.
	"Why can’t you win his heart ?, huh..."
	"That’s enough."
	Daphne persuaded him and turned to Claudia to say, "Claudia, I know you are anxious, but even if you want to do it, you can't leave evidence."
	"Then what can I do? As soon as I see the woman sitting in my place comfortably, I really have the urge to kill her!"
	Daphne smiled at the corner of her mouth and slowly said, "You can't show up, but you can find someone else to do it for you."
	Claudia turned her head in surprise.
	"Mom, you mean..."
	Daphne put her hand on Claudia’s hand.
	"You have to speed up, and you can't let that woman bear Jonathan's child, otherwise it will be troublesome for you."
	Claudia nodded, a sharp light flashed in his eyes.
	"I know this."
	Leaving the living room, Claudia was thinking about how to deal with Angelia, she just opened the door, and suddenly saw a person sitting in the room!
	The man was tall, wearing a black leather jacket. He looked were handsome but his expression was cold.
	When Claudia saw him, her heart skipped a beat with fright, and she subconsciously wanted to run away.
	"Claudia, where is our child?"
	The person sitting inside spoke slowly.
	Claudia was so scared that her body was shaking.
	Chloe stood up, pulled Claudia who was about to escape, and pressed her against the wall.
	He stretched out his hand and put it on Claudia's belly.
	"What did you do to him?"
	He gritted his teeth, his eyes were red, and crazy.
	Claudia's eyes flashed.
	The child had long since been aborted.
	How can she come back with a child?
	How to regain the position of Mrs. Miller?
	She avoided Chloe's sight.
	"I think you already know, don’t you?"
	Chloe was shocked, and there was a deep pain in his eyes.
	"Why? Do you have no feelings at all?"
	He raised his hand and punched the wall next to Claudia's ear with a muffled sound.
	Claudia was so scared that she closed her eyes, and waited a while before opening them again.
	Seeing Chloe look at her fiercely, she was immediately scared.
	Chloe stared at the face in front of him, but couldn't do anything.
	He turned around abruptly, lifted a chair from the ground, hit it on the wall, it immediately broke into pieces.
	Claudia was frightened by him and moved quietly towards the door, trying to find someone to get him out.
	But before she could walk to the door, Chloe suddenly turned around, grabbed her, and threw her on the bed.
	Claudia screamed in fright.
	"Why? What was my fault ? Why are you so cruel?"
	He raised his hand and was about to hit her.
	Claudia quickly closed her eyes and said in a panic, "I didn't want to abort it!"
	Chloe’s hand stopped in the air.
	Claudia opened her eyes, afraid to tell the truth, worried that Chloe would really hit her.
	"My parents forced me, and I didn’t know what else to do."
	Chloe put down his hand and frowned, "How did they find you?"
	"They found me long ago!"
	Claudia stood up, she would never tell him the truth, so she added, "They won't let me tell you that they tied me up while you were away that day and they sent me to the hospital. When I woke up, it was already..."
	"I know you would be angry, but they are my parents."
Chapter 129 I Will Take you Away
	After Claudia said this she turned her head again and tears were already falling down her face.
	“At the beginning we ran away secretly, if this was discovered by Jonathan then why would he have let us go?”
	Chloe stared blankly and believed what she said.
	“The first day when Jonathan was investigating you, I made them remove all of your photos so he doesn’t know who you are. So if we leave then that means that he won’t be able to find us.”
	“What about my mother and father? What will they do?”
	Chloe was silent.
	“So you came back because of them?”
	Of course not!
	They were useless for her. She didn’t concern about them.
	Claudia felt slightly disdainful.
	However with a face full of sorrow she nodded her head.
	“Yes. Jonathan is not a good person and right now the woman taking the place of me in the Miller family is someone who will cause trouble. She will definitely retaliate against us, I’m quite worried.”
	She looked at Chloe and then suddenly remembered what Daphne said before.
	“Chloe, you still don’t know I love you? In order to be together with you I am willing to suffer anything, but my parents are important for me.”
	Claudia walked over to him and gently leaned on him.
	“As long as I can assure they are safe then I will be able to leave with you.”
	Chloe looked at the woman in front of him, and his heart softened again.
	He reached out and hugged her.
	“What do you want to do?”
	Claudia waited a while until she said something.
	“Where are your friends in America before?”
	In the USA Chloe had a group of people under his leadership, and this was the reason why Claudia was with him.
	However she never expected that after he came back to their country, he suddenly said he wanted to make a clean break from his previous life.
	How would she be able live such a poor life like this?
	Chloe listened and then frowned.
	“I promised you that I won’t …”
	He hadn’t finished speaking when Claudia interrupted him.
	”So you really want to wait until Jonathan and that woman come to deal with us? If we really cannot settle the matter with them then I will have to marry Jonathan again, and when that happens I will be bullied and humiliation by him…”
	She hadn’t finished speaking and started to cry again.
	Chloe’s face fell and after he was silent for a long time he finally nodded his head.
	“I will not let you marry him!”
	He hugged Claudia tightly.
	“Wait until we sort out this matter and then we can leave.”
	When Claudia heard his promise her face revealed a very complacent smile.
	When the time comes, she will become the new Mrs. Miller, who cares about him?
	“Ok.”
	She leaned on Chloe’s chest and asked curiously, “By the way, how did you find this place?”
	“Someone told me your whereabouts.”
	Claudia raised her head curiously and looked at him.
	Chloe took out his phone and showed it to her.
	“This person told me, you can contact them if you want.”
	Claudia was stunned and took the phone, hesitated for a while until she finally dialed the number.
	The phone rang a few times and after a few seconds someone finally answered.
	A female voice was heard on the phone.
	“Hello Claudia.”
	Claudia frowned, “Who are you?”
	The other person didn’t reply to this but instead said, “Do you wish to retake your original position?”
	“What do you mean?”
	“I can help you, I have an idea.”
	Claudia still didn’t really understand.
	“What exactly do you want to do?”
	The other person laughed and her voice sounded like she was gnashing her teeth.
	“I want Angelia’s life!”
	After Angelia went to Phillips College again, due to the pressure that Jonathan exerted everything had started to go smoothly again.
	Cassius seemed as if he didn’t know anything that had happened before, and he started taking her to many different museums.
	Angelia was so busy she was always running away from many things, afraid to think about Claudia.
	However during the constant running away she never expected to bump into Echo.
	When the museum group activity ended he found Angelia.
	“When are you finally willing to leave?”
	Angelia was feeling so guilty she didn’t dare to look at him.
	How should she tell Echo what was on her mind?
	Why was it that Echo was unable to see what she was thinking inside?
	A trace of sadness flashed in his eyes.
	“Do you like him?”
	Angelia didn’t answer him.
	Echo then said, “This is not ok, Angelia, if he ever finds out that you are not really Claudia then what will he do to you?”
	“You know more about his personality than I do, when the time comes…”
	He couldn’t finish speaking and instead reached out to hold Angelia’s hand.
	“Let me take you out of here.”
	However Angelia shook her head and took her hand away from his.
	“I’m not able to leave.”
	“Why?”
	Angelia turned around and began to tidy up the things on the table.
	“I don’t want to disappoint Jonathan again.”
	She was tired of the love that Jonathan was giving her which was starting to make her both exhausted and almost breathless.
	However the longer this carried on for the more afraid she was getting.
	Jonathan had already suffered some painful experiences before, so she didn’t want to add more pain to his life.
	She was not afraid of Jonathan getting angry or afraid that he would punish her.
	However she was afraid making him sad.
	Terribly afraid of this.
	So she was not able to leave, she didn’t dare.
	Echo walked over to her and frowned, “However are you really able to conceal who you are for the rest of your life?”
	“I don’t know…”
	Angelia shook her head.
	“At least for now I’m not able to leave.”
	Echo frowned irritably.
	“Alright, but even if Jonathan never discovers the truth, then what about Claudia? She is back now.”
	Angelia pursed her lips and said nothing.
	Echo lowered his voice revealing a sense of worry for her.
	“Let’s go, now is the best time. The orphanage, everything I will sort it all out for you.”
	He was unable to hold back his feelings and reached out to grab her hand and place it on his chest.
	“Angelia, you know, I…”
	“Silly girl, come out.”
	Before Echo could finish speaking Cassius’s voice was suddenly heard outside the door.
	Angelia quickly retracted her hand away and then shouted back.
	“I’m coming.”
	After she said this she tidied up everything on the table and then finally said to Echo, “I really am unable to leave, and if in the future Jonathan hates me then I can accept this.”
	She pursed her lips and then added, “And to be honest I would rather he hate me.”
	After she said this she pushed open the door and then quickly walked out.
	Echo stood alone in the background, frowning with eyes full of worrying.
	When she got to Cassius she put down the items on the table.
	Every once in a while he will return to the museum and make sure the cultural relics were being kept in good condition.
	He had been busy the whole week and today was the final museum for him visit.
	When he saw that Angelia was not looking so good he asked rather concerned, “Silly girl, if you are tired then you should go back. There is no more work to be done now anyways.”
	Angelia shook her head and was about to say something.
	However Cassius raised his hand and signaled her to go out.
	“Leave here now, seeing how you look right now I’m worried that you will break something.”
	Angelia looked around her and also noticed that there was no other work to be done so she nodded her head, tidied up the things one more time and then prepared to leave.
Chapter 130 The Orphanage is Gone
	Angelia had just walked outside when she started hearing many loud noises.
	“I heard there was a fire?”
	“Yes, there was a big fire!”
	“So scary; many of the children were unharmed right?”
	“Such a respectable orphanage, how could it have been set on fire?”
	When Angelia heard all these comments she stopped moving and turned around.
	Right now she was in the western suburbs and that meant that the Sunshine Orphanage was not far away!
	“Where did you say the fire was?”
	“At the Orphanage.”
	Angelia followed the direction of where she was pointing to and her face then immediately turned pale.
	In the direction of the Sunshine Orphanage a big fire was blazing into the sky.
	Angelia shook all over and then hurried into the direction of the orphanage.
	As she ran over there she also saw many people all looking in the same direction.
	Some people were worrying about the people who were either dead or injured and some people were worrying about if they were able to put out the fire.
	However none of what they were saying entered clearly into her ears.
	She didn’t even know where the things that she was holding dropped anymore as she kept on running as fast as she could.
	There were many people surrounding the Sunshine Orphanage and before she was even close to it she could feel how vigorous the flames were.
	The intensity of the heat hit her face which made her step back as she saw many firefighters trying to put out the fire.
	Huge jets of water hit the walls of the orphanage; however the water was no match for the intensity of the fire.
	Even though several water pipes were operating at the same time they were still not even able to reduce the fire to half the amount.
	Angelia rushed over and grabbed the people who were watching the commotion.
	“What happened to the people inside? Were they managed to be saved? Have the 23 children, the headmaster and the employees all been rescued?
	The person shook their head.
	“I don’t know, I heard that the fire was developing very quickly, and it enveloped the orphanage almost instantly. The people inside..."
	When Angelia heard this she was so shocked and felt extremely cold suddenly.
	Then at this moment another person explained, “They were rescued! I saw them just now take the children to hospital.”
	Angelia quickly turned her head and looked at the person who was speaking.
	Her mood immediately changed from sadness to a feeling of hope.
	“They were all saved?”
	The person nodded their head then sighed rather sorrowfully.
	“It really was a shame that the fire blazed so intensely like that, so when the fire brigade finally arrived the fire had already engulfed the whole building. The children were all carried out by the headmaster one by one, however in the end…”
	As she got halfway through her sentence she shook her head.
	“It’s such a tragedy.”
	Angelia felt as if she had been struck by lightning and even couldn’t stand up straight.
	“The headmaster never came out… the headmaster never came back out…”
	The expression on her face completely changed and she rushed towards the orphanage building.
	“Headmaster! Headmaster!”
	She was screaming this as she tried to rush inside.
	Right now the flames were rising to the sky and as she tried to rush inside she was blocked by a fireman.
	“Miss, you are not allowed to do this. We are still trying to put out the fire!”
	Angelia pulled at him.
	“The headmaster is still inside! The headmaster of the orphanage!”
	Angelia kept on struggling however was firmly blocked by the fireman.
	She was brought up by the headmaster since she was a small child, and has always regarded the headmaster as her only relative.
	She originally planned to stay in the orphanage and renovate it later to accept more children.
	However now this could never be completed, just…
	Tears kept pouring out of her eyes and before they hit the ground, they were dried by the flames.
	When Angelia saw the crimson flames in front of her she burst into tears.
	“Headmaster…”
	Several of the firemen were unable to hold her, “Miss, you are going to affect the rescue work.”
	They finally pulled her back and did not allow her to get any closer again.
	Angelia sat on the ground with limp legs.
	The crackling sound of the burning flames, the sound of water flowing down, and the voices of all the people poured into her ears.
	Images of the headmaster in the orphanage suddenly flashed into her mind again.
	Angelia sat on the ground hugging her knees, letting out such a painful cry.
	She wanted to protect the orphanage, protect the headmaster and defend everything around her.
	However now there was nothing.
	Everything was gone.
	Tears kept rolling down from her eyes.
	Angelia sat behind the crowd crying like a small child.
	Among the crowd of people someone slowly approached her.
	“Do you want to know why the orphanage set on fire?”
	A voice behind her was suddenly heard.
	Angelia was taken aback and turned around rather abruptly.
	A figure dressed in black and wearing a hat was quickly leaving.
	Angelia thought about the words she had just heard and her heart suddenly jumped.
	The headmaster had always been a careful person, so how was it possible that there could be a fire?”
	Everything nearby here had been demolished so how was it possible for the orphanage to be implicated like this.
	The only possibility was that someone had set the fire themselves!
	She was frightened by her guess but stood up quickly, gritted her teeth, and chased after the figure from behind.
	The black figure had gotten away pretty fast but Angelia was chasing after him and after a while she finally got out from the crowd of people.
	The area was brought by the Hunks family to build a group of villas. All of the houses and buildings had been demolished so the area was incredibly bleak and desolate.
	The more Angelia thought about it, the more suspicious she became, so she followed him into the ruins.
	Echo who had just left the museum, hurried over when he heard the news of the fire at the Sunshine Orphanage.
	As soon as he set off he hadn’t even gotten close to the orphanage yet, however saw Angelia’s figure.
	She wasn’t going to the orphanage but was running in a different direction.
	Echo watched her suspiciously, and then decided to switch direction and follow Angelia.
	News of the fire in the orphanage spread throughout the capital, and Jonathan’s car had just slowly stopped in front of the museum.
	After waiting a while he noticed that it was late but Angelia still hadn’t come out so he prepared to go in there himself and get her.
	Just as he got out of the car he saw Cassius who was walking out.
	He looked around him however still didn’t see Angelia.
	“Where is my wife?”
	Cassius looked at him; he didn’t really like Jonathan so at first he just wanted to directly leave without having to deal with him.
	However when he thought about how he was the husband of his apprentice he impatiently said, “She’s gone.”
	“You are her husband yet you don’t even know when she leaves to go home?”
	Jonathan frowned.
	“I just asked the housekeeper, and she hasn’t returned home yet.”
	“What, how is that possible?”
	Cassius looked at him rather dissatisfied, “Don’t tell me that you think I’m lying to you?”
	As he saw that Jonathan was looking at him very suspiciously, his eyes widened with anger.
	“What would be the use of me lying to you? Why would I do that?”
	As they were both talking the ticket seller who was standing by the entrance suddenly said, “Cassius, are you both talking about Miss Hunk?”
	Cassius turned to look at her and then quickly pulled her over to them.
	“You’ve been here the whole time so you must have seen her already leave here long ago right?”
	The person nodded their head and then added, “Miss Hunk already left, however once she heard about the fire over at the orphanage she immediately ran over there.”
	She pointed towards the flames that were rising diagonally across the sky, somewhat uncertain.
	“She seemed very anxious at the time and even dropped the things she was holding.”
	After she said this she pointed towards a box, which turned out to be the workbox that Angelia often used.
Chapter 131 The Mistake Due To The Circumstances
	Jonathan frowned and glanced at the fire.
	The blazing fire was making him restless.
	After pondering for a while, he suddenly turned around and quickly walked towards the orphanage.
	The fire had died down a little bit, but it wasn’t completely extinguished yet.
	The walls and furniture which were burnt slowly came into sight. It wasn’t pleasant.
	Jonathan and Cassius rushed over. There were relatively a lot of onlookers at the scene.
	They went around once but they couldn’t find Angelia Wilson.
	Jonathan then asked the person beside him about her whereabouts.
	“Have you seen a teenage girl wearing a white skirt? She’s about eighteen or nineteen years old.”
	The person raised his eyebrows, trying to recall.
	“Yes. There was a girl just like you described. She rushed into the building when she saw the fire. No one was able to stop her.”
	Jonathan frowned and became even nervous. Something bad was about to happen.
	He was about to walk towards the building when he overheard someone’s conversation.
	“...It’s a pity. She rushed in like the wind when she knew that there are still children inside there.”
	“A good soul just died off in the sea of fire.”
	“I know right? Kind souls are so rare nowadays.”
	“Rumour says that they haven’t found the body…”
	“It’s such a pity. I wonder if she’s married and have kids…”
	Jonathan’s body trembled. He turned towards them and looked at them in disbelief.
	His stare shocked them, shutting their mouths!
	Cassius overheard their conversation too. He too couldn’t believe it.
	“The person that they’re referring to, can it be…”
	Jonathan’s expression turned ferocious, his eyes filled with fear.
	He grabbed the person who was talking.
	“Where is he? Has he been saved?”
	She was in shock.
	“Not…not yet…”
	His heartbeat increased upon hearing his words.
	He held onto his chest and tried to control his breathing. He finally managed to calm down after taking a few deep breaths.
	However, the next second, he dashed towards the orphanage who was on fire.
	The fire-fighters were surprised at his actions. They tried to stop him.
	“Sir, you can’t enter!”
	He just ignored him and pushed the guy to the side.
	His eyes were almost popping out and his voice roared like the thunder!
	“My wife is inside there!”
	He pushed him again and rushed into the fire without looking back.
	“Jonathan Miller!”
	Cassius shouted in shock, but he wasn’t able to stop Jonathan. He could only watch his shadow disappear into the fire.
	He took out his phone and called the Millers to send help.
	The lady who was talking to Jonathan started to gossip again.
	“That’s weird. When was Mrs. Percy married to someone?”
	His attention switched to her as soon as he heard it.
	“What did you say? Who? Was that person Mrs. Percy?”
	She nodded her head.
	“Mrs. Percy has a kind soul. It’s a pity that this happened.”
	Cassius shook his head and asked again, “Wasn’t the person who went inside a girl wearing white skirt?”
	“Girl?”
	The lady thought for a while.
	“Oh, that girl. She wanted to rush in too, but was blocked by the firefighters and brought away.”
	She turned around to point the direction, but that girl wasn’t there anymore.
	“That’s weird. Where did she go?”
	Cassius’s face turned pale. He wanted to rush inside to tell Jonathan.
	However, the firefighter was quick enough to stop him.
	“You can’t enter the place!”
	Cassius didn’t know what to do.
	“Shit! This is wrong! Jonathan Miller! Come out!”
	At that time, Jonathan already disappeared in the flames.
	The firefighters on the other hand increased their movements.
	“Someone entered! We have to extinguish the fire as soon as possible!”
	They then tried to put out the fire, hoping no one would be harmed.
	Not far from the scene, Angelia Wilson was forced into a corner.
	The man in front of her was wearing a baseball cap and wearing a black T-shirt. His five features shaped the fierce look on his face.
	Angelia was chasing him. But then, it backfired when she entered here.
	“Are you the one that set the orphanage on fire?”
	The man smiled cunningly.
	“Blame yourself for being nosy, for wanting to have something that does not belong to you.”
	Her eyes almost popped out after he said that.
	“You…Did Claudia send you here?”
	Chloe took out a dagger that was hidden in his jeans and stepped towards Angelia.
	“You’re too troublesome.”
	He raised his dagger, his eyes only reflecting coldness.
	“Wait.”
	A somewhat familiar voice stopped him.
	Angelia turned around. A person walked in.
	Even though she was wearing a mask, Angelia immediately recognized her at first glance.
	She was so shocked that she took a step back, her back colliding with the wall behind her.
	“Angela Felix? Why are you here?”
	Angela smiled faintly, wickedness present in her stare.
	“Are you surprised?”
	She started to walk towards Angelia and took her mask off in the process.
	That’s a long scar on her face!
	It was from her left cheek stretching until her lower right jaw.
	Even though the wound healed, but there’s still blood stains on it. The scar made her look even scarier.
	The scar was like a worm, as if it might move anytime.
	Angelia looked at her in disbelief.
	“Didn’t you go overseas?”
	“Hmm.”
	Angela hummed, followed with a cold laugh. “If I didn’t do so, will you let me off the hook? If I didn’t say so, you would have been dead by now!”
	“Plus, if I leave, who will avenge me?”
	She snatched the dagger from Chloe’s hands and stopped in front of Angelia.
	“You destroyed my face. All this time, I’ve been thinking every day and every night, I want to cut your skin, bit by bit.”
	“And let you experience the feeling!”
	She smiled cunningly. The scar on her face moved according to her muscles like a worm.
	Angela patted Angelia’s face with the dagger.
	“I’ll let you guess. Once I cut every part of your body, will Jonathan Miller still like you?”
	She smiled like a psychopath at that thought.
	Angelia only looked at her.
	She abruptly stopped after a while, her glare turned heinous. She raised the dagger in her hand and stab her!
	Angelia reacted quickly by raising her hand and grabbed the dagger.
	The sharp dagger pierced through her palm. Blood could be seen flowing out of her palm.
	However, Angelia didn’t back off.
	She looked at Angela with red eyes, because of the anger and pain she felt.
	“Why did you set the orphanage on fire?”
	Angela had a surprised look for a while before laughing wickedly.
	“I had said this before. Why are they still protecting a place that’s useless? I’m only helping them to eliminate it.”
	“When it’s burned, everything will be over.”
	She then stared at Angelia, her smile grew more cunning.
	“If I didn’t burn it, how will you chase him? How will I get my revenge?”
Chapter 132 You Know, I Like You
	Angela’s voice rose sharply, and with a thrust of her hand, she pulled out the dagger from Angelia!
	Her delicate palm quickly was left two deep wounds, and blood kept gushing out.
	Angelia frowned in pain.
	“That orphanage raised you! There are more than twenty kids in there! There is also the director!”
	“Did you know? Because the director was trying to save the kids, he was…”
	Angelia bit her lower lip, her eyes welling up with tears again.
	Unexpectedly, Angela laughed instead.
	“Isn’t that great? If she dies like this, that is a high chance people will give her a heroic title for hier noble sacrifice, and she’ll have to thank me for that.”
	“Angela Felix!”
	Angelia hissed.
	Angela frowned effortlessly.
	“I think you’d better worry about yourself.”
	She turned at Chloe and gave her a signal.
	Chloe immediately came forward and pressed Angelia against the wall.
	Angela juggled the dagger in her hand, then she gave Angelia a slap on her face.
	“You tell me, where do you think it would be better for me to start first? Should I gouge your eyes out first! Or should I cut your nose off first!”
	She gritted her teeth as the icy tip of the knife passed up Angelia’s face.
	Angelia stared at her, eyes widen.
	“You better kill me, or I’ll make sure you get what you deserve!”
	Angela suddenly grew a bit more fearful at the sight of her eyes.
	She waved the dagger on her hand.
	“Then let’s try!”
	After saying that, she raised the dagger in her hand again.
	“I’ve thought about it, and I decided I should gouge out these eyes of yours first, then send them to let Jonathan see!”
	Angelia stared straight at her, never looking away at all.
	As Angela’s dagger was just about to land the blow, a voice suddenly came from outside.
	“Don’t move!”
	Angela was stunned for a moment, but she did not turn back, instead stabbing down even faster!
	Seeing the tip of the dagger was already in front of her, Angelia suddenly struggled violently.
	Chloe, who was behind her seemed to be taking it too lightly, and actually letting Angelia struggle out.
	Angela’s dagger moved down, and scratched the corner her forehead, leaving a scar at the hairline!
	Blood instantly gushed out and dripped down from her forehead.
	Echo had rushed in now.
	He grabbed Angela’s hand and twisted it backwards.
	The opponent screamed, and the dagger fell out of her hand.
	Echo kicked the dagger out of sight, and then came back throwing Angela into the corner.
	On the other side, Chloe caught Angelia again, grabbing her and backing up to the door.
	“Don’t move.” Chloe calmly snapped at Echo.
	Echo nervously looked at the knife near Angelia’s neck.
	Her face was very pale, blood was dripping down from the corner of her forehead and down the curve of her chin.
	Angelia was forced to raise her head slightly to prevent getting hurt by the knife, following Chloe stepping back.
	“What do you want?” Echo spoke up, “I can help you get it.”
	After saying that, his gaze instantly went cold.
	“If you dare hurt her just one bit, I swear, I will find you even if I have to search the whole world!”
	Chloe, however, was not threatened by him at all, and took a few steps back with Angelia.
	When Echo saw that he would not let go, he said again, “I called the police before I came in just now, and if you continue standing there, the police will be here.”
	“You can let her go; I promise you won’t get arrested.”
	Chloe saw his worried face and frowned.
	“What is your relationship? Why did you save her?”
	Echo froze slightly, his voice softening instantly.
	“I, I love her.”
	Angelia’s eyes widen, stared at Echo in surprise.
	Echo, however, gazed at her and continued, “I can give up everything for her.”
	“If that’s the case, why did you let her marry Jonathan?”
	Echo quickly said, “I’ll take her away! We’ll be leaving soon!”
	Chloe’s heart was slightly shaken.
	He did not want to kill anyone.
	The only thing he was worried about was whether the one in front of him is going to hurt Claudia.
	But if they leave on their own accord, he would not be charge of murdering.
	He was no longer the same as before.
	He wanted to be with Claudia instead of continuing to live a life of hiding from the outside world.
	Chloe hesitated for a moment before finally saying, “As long as you leave here.”
	Echo nodded his head repeatably.
	“Don’t let me see you guys again!”
	After talking, Chloe pushed Angelia forward, turned back and ran out.
	Echo hurried forward to hug her.
	Angelia’s expression still has not turned normal yet, and her forehead was a mess with a mixture of blood and sweat beads.
	He carried her up and palpitatingly stroked her forehead.
	“It’s okay, don’t be afraid, I’ll take you back.”
	Angelia, however, held him back.
	“Where’s Angela?”
	They reentered the room, but there was no one inside.
	“She ran away.”
	Angelia’s eyes were icy cold, and she looked around the room.
	“She burned the orphanage and caused the death of the director.”
	Echo looked at her in shocked.
	The Angelia in front of him seemed to have changed.
	“Angelia…”
	Angelia withdrew her gaze and did not speak again. However, she did secretly clench her fists.
	She definitely, would not let Angela go!
	Echo carried her out of the ruins.
	Angelia said, “Put me down, I can walk on my own.”
	Echo looked at her, opened his mouth, but he still did not move.
	“I’ll carry you out, you’re hurt.”
	Angelia lifted her head, looking at this handsome, uncast face overflowing with affection and tenderness.
	She knew what he was thinking, but she never thought of Echo in that way.
	“Echo, actually, you are just like a…”
	“Don’t rejected me so quickly.”
	Echo interrupted her.
	“Just give me a chance, okay?”
	He lowered his stances, almost falling into the mud himself, looking at Angelia beggingly.
	But Angelia shook her head.
	“Brother Echo, you can find someone better than me.”
	Echo smiled sadly, but it looked worse than crying.
	“At least, let me carry you out, you have injuries, even if… even if you think of me as a brother.”
	Angelia did not refuse this time; she bowed her head slightly and put her hands down nonchalantly.
	“Thanks”
	Echo carried her as they left the ruins.
	The fire which burned the orphanage had been extinguished.
	But the people surrounding the place had only increase.
	They had only just gotten close enough for Angelia to see that the housekeeper, the cook, and even Truman were all there!
	Why are they here?
	Angelia frowned and turned her hand, and the next thing she saw was a figure walking out from the charred ruins.
	The man’s suit was burned in several places, his hair was disheveled and his body was still covered in soot.
	Jonathan’s feet were still stepping on the ground that was still smoldering with sparks. His eyes were red and his face looked fierce, shaped like a Rakshasa.
	He rushed into the fire scene and searched, but he could not find any trace of Angelia.
	He was almost going crazy!
Chapter 133 I Thought You Were in There
	Right at that moment, Jonathan suddenly felt something, and subconsciously raised his head.
	Though the crowd, he locked eyes with Angelia.
	Angelia was stunned, she did not expect to see Jonathan under such circumstances.
	Why had he come out of the orphanage?
	And he looks like he’s been burned…
	Jonathan’s gaze was fixed on her, never looking away.
	The crowd slowly gave way.
	Jonathan walked over with a pale face.
	His expression was colder than usual
	Angelia quickly came down from Echo, worried that he will be angry.
	“Jonathan, I…”
	As soon as she opened her mouth, she was embraced by Jonathan.
	He held her very slowly, tightening her arms little by little.
	He did not even when Angelia felt some pain.
	“It’s good that you’re okay.”
	He whispered softly.
	Angelia looked at the orphanage in front of her, and vaguely guessed what was going on.
	Did Jonathan think that she was in the orphanage?
	Did he rushed in to find her?
	Jonathan held her tightly, his voice was a bit weak, as if he was still not yet calmed down.
	“You’d scared me.”
	Angelia opened her mouth, but in the end, she could only spit out three words.
	“I am sorry.”
	Jonathan looked like he had not heard what Angelia said.
	“You can’t do this ever again.”
	Angelia waited for a while, after he settled down, before speaking slowly.
	“I’m sorry that I had made you worry. Don’t be mad at me, Jonathan, I’m fine.”
	After talking for a while, the other person did not respond.
	“Jonathan?”
	She reached out and patted him gently on the back, but he still did not give a respond.
	Her hand suddenly felt something hot.
	Angelia then raised her hand and saw it was covered in blood!
	Looking down, there was a long trail of blood dragging all the way from where Jonathan had just come from!
	Her legs weakened and she fell to her knees holding onto Jonathan.
	“Jonathan! Don’t scare me like that!”
	Angelia’s head shook, her heart started to panic, and tears instantly flooded out。
	“Jonathan?”
	Truman and the housekeeper immediately ran over with some people.
	“Quick, send him to a hospital!”
	Several people stepped forward to try to lift Jonathan up, but his hands were so firmly on Angelia’s waist that they could not break them.
	“I’ll go with you guys.”
	Angelia quickly said.
	She reluctantly stood up and held onto Jonathan, struggling to walk towards the ambulance next to her.
	It wasn’t until they reached the hospital, with the help of Truman and a few other people, Jonathan’s hands were finally broken loose and he was sent to the operating room.
	On the other hand, Chloe quickly left the scene and was pulled by Claudia as soon as he returned to the Hunks.
	“How it is? Is the deed done?”
	Chloe reached out and put his hand on her shoulder and followed her into the room.
	Claudia pushed him anxiously.
	“Talk now, where’s Angelia? Is she dead?”
	Chloe shook his head.
	Claudia then quickly asked, “Is she hurt?”
	“She’s fine, I let her go.”
	“What?”
	Claudia’s expression suddenly changed, shrugging off Chloe’s hand and stood up.
	“Chloe, you must be joking with me, right? You let her go?”
	She snickered incredulously, “Are you stupid or just plain dumb? After all we’ve done to catch her, you say you just let her go?”
	“She said she will leave soon.”
	Chloe reached out his hand to pull Claudia, “I don’t want to hurt anyone anymore, we don’t need to live in constant hiding in the future.”
	Claudia’s expression became cold as she opened his hand.
	“Do you believe what she says? How could that women, who is now the mistress of the Millar’s family, living happily and glamorously, just leave?”
	“And you’re the only one who believes her!”
	She cursed furiously twice and turned back, but she saw Chloe looking a bit down.
	After thinking about it, her tone softened again.
	She carefully sat down beside Chloe.
	“Chloe, I am not blaming you, I am just worried.”
	Claudia took Chloe’s arm and leaned on his shoulder.
	“You don’t know how sinister that women is, she won’t leave at all.”
	Chloe looked happier, and he reached out to hug Claudia.
	“IF she really doesn’t leave, I will help you deal with her. Claudia, you don’t have to worry, no one is able to stop us.”
	Claudia then leaned against his chest, and nodded her head obediently.
	“By the way, the fire at the orphanage… you did not leave any evidence behind, did you?
	“No.”
	Chloe frowned as he recalled the images from the incident.
	That Angela’s heart was more vicious then what he could have imagined, she actually set fire to the orphanage where she had been raised since she was little.
	Even the director died in the fire.
	It is better to stay away from people like that in the future.
	He uneasily kissed the back of Claudia’s hands and warned, “Don’t approached Angela in the future, I’m worried that she’ll lend you astray.”
	Claudia laughed in mockery, but she talked obediently.
	“I know, I only need to have you.”
	Chloe laughed happily, his eyes filled with tenderness and affection.
	“Claudia…”
	He shouted softly and lowered his head wanting to kiss her.
	As they were about to touch lips, Claudia suddenly dodged it.
	“It will be bad if my parents found out.”
	She stood up, avoiding Chloe’s movement.
	“You’d better leave quickly; you can’t be found out.”
	Chloe nodded regretfully.
	As he stood up, he still pulled her over and kissed her on the lips.
	“I’ll come over the next time I have the chance.”
	After he done talking, he quickly jumped out of the window.
	Once he was gone, Claudia stood up and shut the window, showing disgust and dissatisfaction on her face.
	“If you can’t get anything done, what reason do you think you have to come and meet me.”
	She wiped the place where she had just be kissed, cursed a few sentence, turned around and called Angela.
	“Hey! What’s wrong with you? I thought you said that there will be no problems.”
	Angela was also gritting her teeth at the other end of the call.
	“Someone came and messed things up.”
	“So useless!”
	Claudia scolded furiously, “You can’t even do a simple thing, do you know how much news there is now about the orphanage being burned down? The ones who should die didn’t, and those who shouldn’t die did.”
	“When they start investigating, you better don’t leave any evidence.”
	Angela felt dissatisfied when Claudia tried to blame her when something went wrong, but she could only force her feelings down first.
	“I know, if there is a plan, I will come and contact you again.”
	The phone was hung up.
	Claudia was sitting on the bed and kept feeling uneasy.
	As of right now, Angelia must be suspicious of her, and if she tells Jonathan about it. Not only her, but the whole Hunks family will be overturned with just a flick of his wrist.
	The more she thought, the more worried she became. Then, she suddenly stood up.
	No, she can’t just wait and see.
	Even if Angelia does not leave, she must also hurry up and snatch Jonathan away from her!
Chapter 134 Only You Can Bully Others
	In the hospital.
	Angelia woke up again but found herself in the hospital bed.
	She rushed to sit up as soon as she opened her eyes.
	Seeing her awake, the nurse who was adjusting her IV bottle hurriedly asked her to lie down.
	"Mrs. Miller, you can't get up yet. You should rest for a while longer."
	Angelia looked around. "Why am I here?"
	"You fainted outside the operating room."
	Angelia frowned. She seemed to remember that she had been waiting outside the operating room, and then she had gradually lost consciousness.
	"What about him?"
	She asked hurriedly, "Is the surgery done? Where is Jonathan?"
	"Mr. Miller's surgery went well. However, he suffered severe burns to his back. He'll need to recuperate in the sterile ward for a while."
	Hearing that Jonathan was okay, Angelia then breathed a sigh of relief.
	"I see."
	As soon as the nurse left, Angelia quietly removed the IV bottle and walked outside.
	She walked through the corridor and to the outside of the sterile ward at the end.
	She saw the man on the bed inside through the glass.
	Because the burns were on his back, he had to lie down.
	The oxygen machine and EKG were working rhythmically on the side, showing Jonathan's signs of life.
	Angelia leaned over the window and watched the man inside carefully.
	Jonathan happened to be facing her, so she could see his face. His eyes were slightly closed and he was sleeping quietly.
	A couple of nurses walked by behind her. Seeing the patient in the ward, they discussed in low voices.
	"I didn't expect Mr. Miller to be so affectionate. As soon as he heard his wife was at the fire, he went right in. Even those firemen couldn't stop him."
	"Really? Didn't they say Jonathan was grumpy and cold? I didn't expect him to be so gentle with his wife."
	"Of course. Didn't you know about what happened at the museum not long ago?"
	"But fortunately, the fire was already small when he rushed in, or the consequences would have been disastrous."
	"I heard from someone who was at the scene that he refused to come out later when the fire was out and kept looking for his wife inside. That scene, alas..."
	Angelia stood in front of the glass window and listened as they talked and walked away.
	She wasn't there at that time. But even just from what she'd heard from others, she couldn't imagine the scene.
	Jonathan rushed into the fire for her.
	Jonathan searched through the rubble for her.
	His body had been burned, but he was still holding her.
	Seeing her with Echo, he didn't get angry.
	He said it was good that she were safe.
	How could she leave Jonathan, who loved her so much?
	How could she bear to tell him the truth?
	Angelia watched the man in the ward from a distance and didn't move for a long time.
	She didn't know how long she stood until someone came up behind her.
	"Angelia."
	Angelia looked up and saw Echo's reflection in the glass.
	He took a glance at Jonathan in the ward and said to Angelia, "Angelia, someone wants to see you."
	Angelia calmed herself down and turned around. Then she saw the man behind Echo.
	The man was dressed in a black suit and looked a little older than Steward. His hair was combed back, and looked slightly short.
	His eyes narrowed when he smiled, like an old fox.
	"Miss Wilson, hello."
	Angelia was stunned when he spoke. She looked at Echo subconsciously.
	How could this man know who she was?
	As if he could see what she was thinking, the man smiled and said, "Don't worry. I won't tell anyone about this."
	Angelia looked at him warily.
	"What are you up to?"
	The man smiled and said, "Miss Wilson, please come this way. I'd like to have a word with you."
	Angelia cast a glance at Echo.
	Echo nodded slightly at her, signaling that the man in front of her could be trusted.
	Only then did Angelia finally follow him towards the outside.
	"What do you want to tell me?"
	When they reached the window, Angelia refused to go any further and stopped.
	The man stopped as well. Then he bowed slightly towards Angelia.
	"You may call me Mason Murray."
	Angelia frowned. When she was about to ask Echo, she found that he had left.
	Just as she was confused, Mason spoke up, "Madam has heard what happened at the orphanage and is very worried about you."
	"Madam?"
	Angelia turned her attention back to him. "Who is this Madam you speak of?"
	"Madam is Madam."
	He said ambiguously. Fearing that Angelia would be dissatisfied, he added, "Madam is very concerned about you. But for some reason, she could not come to see you in person."
	Angelia frowned.
	The man in front of her didn't look simple, and it reminded her of Steward at the castle.
	"What the hell did you want to say?"
	"Madam said if you need anything, you can ask me to do it."
	Angelia looked at him suspiciously.
	Mason folded his arms and bent down slightly.
	"I hope you can understand your status. Only you can bully others, others can never bully you."
	With that, he handed Angelia a card.
	"If you need anything, you can contact me. I will help you do it."
	Angelia nodded and looked at the card. On the black card, there was nothing else but Mason's name and a string of phone numbers written on it.
	She pondered for a moment. When she raised her head again, the man in front of her was gone.
	Angelia looked around, but there was no sign of Mason at all.
	It was as if he had never shown up.
	She looked at the card in her hand again and then Echo came over.
	"Angelia, let's leave when you get better."
	Angelia put the card in her hand away.
	"I told you. I'm not leaving."
	Echo frowned worriedly.
	"You saw it yesterday. Claudia and Angela, they tried to kill you! Now the orphanage is burning down. Your pact with Randall has long since been nullified."
	Angelia turned her head and her eyes were as determined as they had ever been.
	"So I'm even more determined not to leave. I will not let the orphanage be burned in vain, and I will not let Mrs. Percy die in vain."
	She clenched her fists.
	The orphanage was burned because of her.
	Mrs. Percy died because of her.
	How could she leave?
	Echo spoke up, "If you insist on staying, as soon as they tell Jonathan the truth, what will he do to you? By then, with the Millers, the Hunks, and Angela, how can you win?"
	Seeing that Angelia didn't say anything, he reached out and took her by the hand.
	"We can leave first and then come back when the time is right. When we find the evidence..."
	"No way."
	Angelia let go of his hand.
	"I can't do it, Echo."
	She paused, quickened her pace, and fled toward Jonathan's ward.
	Before she could approach, Steward came running out of it. As soon as he saw Angelia, he said hastily, "Miss Wilson, Mr. Miller is awake!"
	Angelia paused and then hurried to walk towards the ward.
	Echo, who was walking last, felt as if a large stone had been placed in his heart as he watched her quickened pace and the joy on her face.
Chapter 135 Want to Kiss You
	Angelia went directly outside the sterile ward and did see that Jonathan had opened his eyes.
	He was still maintaining the position of lying on his side and looked very weak. He just opened his eyes, but it was enough to make Angelia happy.
	She leaned in front of the glass and waved her hand towards Jonathan inside.
	The respirator had been taken from Jonathan's face.
	He smiled faintly and moved his mouth.
	Angelia read it.
	She leaned forward slightly, closed her eyes, and kissed the glass.
	The smile in Jonathan's eyes deepened.
	Because he had just said.
	"I want to kiss you."
	He wanted to kiss her over and over again, to feel her presence, to know she was alive.
	He wanted to kiss the ends of her hair and her cheeks and hold her in his arms.
	Jonathan fixed his gaze firmly on Angelia, and his eyes were intense with affection.
	But soon, he fell back asleep.
	Jonathan's wounds hadn't healed. He was only awake for a few moments and then drifted off to sleep again.
	Angelia looked at him for a moment before she turned to Steward and Truman behind her.
	Her expression turned serious for an instant, and her brows knitted.
	"I saw Angela at the scene of the fire. You guys go find out what's going on."
	Since Angela had been sent away, every now and then, there had been a recent update sent back from the States, along with a recent update on her treatment.
	Angelia had never suspected before. But Angela did show up in front of her yesterday.
	That meant that someone was helping Angela cheat them.
	Hearing this, Truman and Steward looked at each other.
	"She went back home?"
	Angelia frowned.
	She remembered that when she'd seen Angela yesterday, the scars on her face didn't look like they had been treated at all.
	"It's not that she went back home, but she didn't leave at all."
	Truman said in shock, "but I watched her get on the plane. There was information sent back from the States every now and then that clearly documented her recovery."
	Angelia shook her head slightly.
	"The information can be falsified. The question is who helped her do it?"
	It was obvious.
	The first time Jonathan investigated Claudia's profile, there wasn't a single picture on it, and that was because someone had tampered with it.
	The second time he investigated him again, he did have a picture, but it was replaced with Angelia's, and that was because Randall had tampered with it.
	The information was never trustworthy.
	Her assertive tone made both Truman and Steward looked at her again.
	They wondered if it was their delusion that something seemed to have changed in Angelia since this incident.
	The thought flashed through both of their minds at the same time.
	"Got it. I'm going to investigate now." Truman said.
	Angelia nodded but kept her eyes on Jonathan in the ward.
	She was getting reluctant to leave.
	Jonathan had been in the sterile ward for five days. The time he spent awake became longer and longer.
	On the sixth day, he finally moved out of it.
	The burns on his back caused him to be unable to even move his hands freely. Most of the time he had to lie down and rest.
	Angelia fed Jonathan carefully with the carp soup she had cooked herself.
	The carp soup would help the wound recover. She had been making it for several days and kept changing the way of cooking so that Jonathan wouldn't get tired of it.
	The aroma of the creamy white soup was appetizing.
	Jonathan drank all of the soup.
	He looked up at Angelia's hair.
	"How's your injury?"
	"I’m fine," Angelia replied.
	Her wound was less than five centimeters and it wasn't deep enough to be a big deal.
	But Jonathan was more concerned than she was.
	He didn't care about the severe burns on his own body. Instead, a little scar on Angelia's body was more important to him than anything.
	"Let me see," Jonathan said.
	Angelia had expected him to say that. She lifted her hair to show him the wound, which was still wrapped in gauze.
	"It's almost healed."
	"Have you had the fish soup yet?"
	Angelia shook her head.
	"I don't have to. It's just a small wound."
	Jonathan, however, insisted, "Let me feed you."
	Angelia looked suspiciously at his immobilized hand.
	"Can you?"
	Jonathan ordered.
	"You feed me first."
	Angelia blew the fish soup cold and leaned forward to feed it to Jonathan's mouth.
	Just as she was about to lean back, Jonathan suddenly leaned in, bent down slightly, and kissed her lips quickly.
	Her lips and teeth were pried open and he used the tip of his tongue to bring the tasty fish soup to her mouth.
	With the excuse of feeding, he took the opportunity to lick her mouth delicately with the tip of his tongue.
	Angelia blushed as he kissed her until Jonathan finally leaned back a little.
	"You feed me first, and then I'll feed you."
	He licked the corner of his mouth, and a glimmer of amusement showed in his eyes.
	"I feel like the fish soup tastes sweeter today."
	Angelia's face immediately turned red and she hurriedly put away the empty bowl.
	"Stop it. You need to rest. Watch the wound on your back."
	As soon as she finished speaking, Jonathan's expression changed slightly and his movements stiffened.
	Angelia was shocked.
	"What's wrong?"
	Jonathan smiled and said lightly, "It looks like the wound on my back is cracked."
	He'd just been so focused on kissing her that he'd forgotten that bending over would also cause the wounds on his back that had begun to scab to crack.
	Angelia was shocked. She hurried to stand up and went behind Jonathan to look at it. Sure enough, the gauze was oozing with bright red blood.
	When the doctor arrived, he looked at the food on the table and changed his medication in puzzlement.
	Before he left, he muttered.
	"How can you crack your wounds while eating?"
	Seeing Jonathan looking at her teasingly, Angelia blushed and didn't dare speak.
	With the burns on Jonathan's back, feeding him was actually pretty easy, and the hardest part was bathing.
	When he was still lying in bed, Angelia could only casually wipe his hands and feet.
	After he was able to get out of bed, Angelia came over and saw him getting ready for his bath.
	She was so scared that she ran over to him.
	"The doctor said you can't touch the water with the wounds on your back yet."
	Jonathan had taken off the top of his hospital gown and was wearing only loose pants. He turned his back to Angelia, showing the burns on his back from the fire.
	Angelia felt her heart ached as she watched.
	Jonathan had turned the faucet on and was about to dive headfirst into the tub when Angelia held him back.
	"Wait, let me help you."
	Jonathan turned his head to look at her with his dark eyes.
	"I'd like more than wiping my hands."
	Angelia froze, and she knew instantly what he meant by saying that. But she still nodded.
	Jonathan looked at her head that only reached his chest and his lips curved in a barely perceptible smile. Then he turned the faucet off.
	"Everything's ready. Let's get started."
	Angelia looked over to the side. Sure enough, the water bowl and towels were already set aside, as if someone had specifically prepared them there in advance.
Chapter 136 Don't Run Around
	Angelia lifted up her head, and glanced at Jonathan in suspicion.
	Jonathan pulled a long face.
	“What's wrong?”
	“Nothing…”
	Jonathan urged, “Faster.”
	Angelia hurriedly took the basin and poured hot water into it. She soaked the towel and wring it dry, holding it for quite some time since she didn't know what to do.
	Where should she start? She looked up and down and started wiping his hand which she was already familiar with. She raised Jonathan's arm and wiped it all over.
	Soak it and wring it dry again.
	Angelia hesitated for a while before pulling and rubbing Jonathan's arm again.
	Jonathan remained calm while looking at her, he did not stop her.
	When Angelia was going to wipe that for the third time, he couldn't help mocking.
	“How many times would you like to wipe it?”
	Angelia's cheeks and ears are red.
	“It'll be done, soon.”
	When it was going to be the fourth time, before Angelia made a move he lifted up her hand and pressed it on his own chest.
	“Be more serious, don't miss any part.”
	Angelia nodded.
	He didn't loosen his grip and moved Angelina's hand.
	“Wipe it like this.”
	“I, I know.”
	Angelia lowered her head like she's burying it on his chest.
	She didn't dare to look at Jonathan.
	Jonathan lowered his head and looked at her hair, he couldn't help urging her.
	He slightly bent his waist and moved closer to Angelia's ears, lowering his voice.
	“Faster, when will you wipe my lower half.”
	Angelia froze before increasing her speed.
	After every other part was wiped clean, she finally looked towards the last part.
	Jonathan waited for her in silence. Angelia prepared her metal for a few minutes before stretching her hands out.
	Right when she put her hand on Jonathan's waist, he pressed it down.
	He teased her, “Why are you so fierce, you're not planning to eat me.”
	Angelia struggled for a while.
	“I think you should do the rest on your own,.”
	“No, you're the one who said that you're going to take the responsibility.”
	Jonathan lifted his head up, he persisted on what Angelia had said before.
	Seeing that Angelia didn't say anything, he held her with both hands and pressed her two steps back.
	Her back was pressing against the wall.
	Like Jonathan intentionally wanted to tease her, he kissed her again and again.
	When Angelia struggled defiantly, her back hit the switch on the wall.
	SRAASH...
	The hot water poured down on the two of them.
	Angelia jumped out of scare.
	“You're wounded!”
	She hurriedly turned the switch off and wipe him up.
	Jonathan originally wanted to give explanation, but he swallowed the words on his mouth seeing that she's so serious.
	Angelia's clothes were also soaked but she didn't care at all.
	She carefully wipe Jonathan up.
	Even so, she was still worried.
	“I'll call the doctor to take a look.” she turned around and walked away.
	Jonathan pulled her back.
	“Change your clothes first.”
	Angelia conveniently took off her soaked jacket and went straight to the doctor.
	“Doctor, the wound on Jonathan's back got in contact with water.”
	She was terribly anxious when she pulled the doctor to go back with her.
	The doctor wasn't worried at all after hearing that, “Oh, there's no problem with water or taking a bath.”
	Angelia suddenly stopped.
	“He can take a bath?”
	The doctor nodded.
	“I've told him before.”
	When Angelia returned alone to the hospital ward
	Just by a look, Jonathan knew that she had found out.
	Jonathan waved his hands at Angelia who put her guard on against him.
	“Come here for a moment.”
	Angelia didn't want to move.
	Jonathan said, “My wound hurts.”
	“You're lying to me again.”
	Jonathan smiled.
	“It really hurts.”
	Angelia wavered, so she went over to take a look. Some parts of the wound on his back reddened and swelled up.
	She softened all of the sudden so she hurriedly took out the ointment the doctor had prepared.
	Her finger softly spread the ointment and drove away the pain.
	Angelia can't help getting closer to blow on it.
	“You clearly knew that it's on fire, why did you have to enter?”
	Sometimes she even thought that he's crazy, otherwise how would he do such things.
	Even kids would know that they shouldn't do such things.
	Jonathan indifferently said, “I thought that you're inside.”
	That sentence was enough to silence Angelia.
	His voice was so casual, but only Angelia knew how big the impact was.
	Because she was inside, even if it's burning, Jonathan would still enter.
	“But I wasn't.” Angelia spoke softly.
	“It's good that you're not.”
	Jonathan suddenly turned around and grabbed Angelia's wrist.
	“Haven't I told you that you shouldn't run around?”
	“Sorry…”
	Jonathan's looked at her with his profound eyes.
	“Why did you go to the orphanage?”
	Angelia lowered her head without answering.
	The hospital ward was silent for quite some time, and Jonathan didn't ask about it anymore.
	Angelia gave it a thought before saying, “I was there on that day and I saw Angela.”
	Angelia told Truman and the others not to tell Jonathan about that matter.
	Jonathan slightly turned his head.
	“She hasn't left?”
	“Yeah.”
	No one did anything after that.
	Jonathan frowned, he clearly remembered someone saying that Angelia ran straight to the orphanage in panic after hearing that it's on fire.
	He almost busted into the burning orphanage.
	What's her relation with the orphanage?
	He remembered the data, daughter of the Hunks got no relation with the orphanage.
	It just had to be Sunshine Orphanage…
	“Angela's” orphanage.
	When Angelia just got out of the doctor's office, Truman and Steward handed her the data they had investigated on.
	“Angela did not go to the hospital in America, she found someone to take her place, so everything we found was fake data.”
	Angelia flipped through the data in her hand.
	“Did you find the culprit?”
	“Not yet, it's very concealed.”
	Angelia flipped through the last page where Truman was listed as a possibility. She scanned in a circle.
	“Investigate on Cla…” Halfway through, she corrected herself in a hurry, “Sia, my distant cousin.”
	“Yes.”
	In the past, they wouldn't regard Angelia as the backbone, they didn't now what was going on. Since Jonathan's accident, they couldn't help following Angelia's instructions. Angelia turned her head around after speaking, she found them frowning and looking at the tightly closed ward door.
	“Why won't you enter?” Steward whispered, “Miss, Master and Madam are here.”
	Thomson and Jennie?
Chapter 137 The Mysterious Note
	The two of them had not shown up since Jonathan had been hospitalized, so what were they doing here now?
	Angelia walked over and pushed open the door.
	“You're in the hospital now, let Mike handle the company's affairs for you, just take care of your injuries.”
	As soon as she walked in, that was what she heard from Jennie.
	No wonder she came over at this time.
	It turned out that she wanted to take the opportunity to claim control of M.I Group.
	As soon as Angelia walked in, Jennie and Thomson turned back to look.
	Jennie glanced at her and continued talking to Jonathan, "We're here for the good of you and the company, it will not be good to let the company as big as this left hanging aside."
	Jonathan sat on the bed with an indifferent expression, as if he had not heard her words at all.
	Only when he saw Angelia walked in did he give her a wave.
	“How come you've been gone so long?”
	“The doctor said there were some things that we should be mindful of. So, I wrote them all down.”
	Angelia showed him the small book in her hand.
	Jonathan glanced at it, then he raised his hand and scribbled on the page.
	“This one is unacceptable, I can't eat by myself yet, I still need someone to help me.”
	Angelia inexplicably recalled the fish soup that Jonathan had fed her earlier, and her face flushed slightly.
	“The last time you took a bath, you said the same thing, and the doctor said you could now have contact with water."
	“Really?” Jonathan was unconcerned. “He's the patient or I'm the patient? My word is final.”
	He looked at Angelia with a certainty while treating Thomson and Jennie like they were not there.
	“Ahem.”
	Thomson suddenly coughed in dissatisfaction, interrupting Jonathan’s words.
	“In any case, you just rest and recuperate, don't worry about the matters happening in the company, I'll let Mike help take care of it.”
	“Yeah, yeah.”
	Jennie continued supporting Thomson by saying, "You guys are brothers, it's only right for you to help each other."
	When she finished speaking, Jonathan spoke calmly.
	“When did I say I wanted him to help?”
	Jennie’s expression changed and her mood darkened slightly, but then quickly returning to normal.
	“Didn't I just see that you're currently injured?”
	Jonathan didn't even look at her. “I've asked Truman to handle it on my behalf.”
	“Truman?”
	Jennie turned and locked eyes with Thomson and frowned, “He is just an assistant, how can you hand over such a large company to an outsider?”
	Jonathan snickered.
	“In my opinion, outsiders are even more trustworthy than some other people.”
	Jennie’s expression was not good, "Jonathan, what do you mean by that? You think we are still concerned about taking over your company?"
	“Isn’t it true?”
	Jonathan turned his head and glanced at them slowly.
	“I've been in the hospital for almost two weeks and you guys only came over today. Let me guess, it's because I took away a project that Mike is currently holding? Are you guys getting anxious?”
	Jennie’s expression became even worse when what he said was indeed spot on.
	“We were just being kind-hearted when we said we wanted to help you run the company, and you're still here being sarcastic. You really have misinterpreted our kindness.”
	“That's enough!”
	Thomson hit the cane in his hand and turned towards Jonathan and said, "Jonathan, you can also stop taking."
	“Since you don't feel comfortable with it, then let someone you can trust handle it, we really don't care anymore.”
	After saying that, he turned to the side and looked at Angelia.
	“You take good care of him.”
	After saying that, he turned around and headed out.
	Jennie still refused to stop and looked at Jonathan, finally saying, "Forget it, some people just don't know what’s good for them, just like his mom."
	As soon as she said these words, Jonathan turned his head abruptly to look over at her.
	A dark gaze, looking at her deeply, as if something horrible was pressuring her.
	Jennie panicked a bit so she turned around to head outside.
	Angelia walked over and was just about to close the door, but she did not expect Jennie to not leave yet.
	When she saw Angelia came over, she fiercely pulled her over and shoved a note into her hand.
	“This is what someone asked me to give you.”
	After saying that, without much explanation, she turned around and walked away.
	Angelia looked down at the note in her hand and unfolded it, there was only a time and address written on it, and the final inscriptions ...
	It was from Echo.
	When did he meet Jennie?
	Why does not he bring it to her himself?
	Angelia frowned, was he trying to convince herself to leave again?
	Turning her hand while putting the note back away, Angelia turned around and returned to the hospital room.
	Jonathan’s face did not look too good because of what Jennie had just said before she left.
	Angelia touched the photo necklace on her neck.
	Jonathan's mother should be very important to him.
	For this necklace, he had even agreed to marry Claudia.
	“Jonathan, where is the old photo that was inside this necklace?"
	Jonathan was slightly stunned, then he looked up.
	“When I left the Millers family at the age of twelve, everything was seized by them. Later, after my mother died, all the photos were destroyed by Jennie, and not a single one was left.”
	No wonder the necklace was empty inside when she opened it before.
	But even if it was empty, Jonathan also equally cherished and protected it.
	And now, it was given to her.
	Angelia stretched out her hand to cover the back of Jonathan's hand.
	“Jonathan, I will always stay by your side until ...”
	She paused for a while and continued saying, "Until you don't want me around anymore."
	Jonathan smiled, "No way."
	His tone was resolute, but Angelia just smiled.
	Many promises could all fall apart when serious matters start happening.
	Once the matter was over, it was expected that a few days would pass peacefully in the hospital. However, the next day, Claudia, an unexpected guest, came.
	As soon as she opened the door and saw her, images of the orphanage being burned quickly came to Angelia's mind.
	There was also the image of Mrs. Percy's corpse being carried out...
	She stood there, her hand on the door, tightly gripping the door frame, her eyes looked cold as she stared at Claudia who is in front of her.
	Claudia suddenly became more scared after being stared at her like that.
	The person who was clearly able to let her bully her two days ago, why did she changed today?
	Her eyes flickered, avoiding Angelia’s gaze.
	She wanted to seize the last chance to gain Jonathan's trust.
	Claudia turned sideways and tried to go around Angelia.
	But as soon as she moved, Angelia moved sideways and blocked in front of her again.
	“What are you doing here?”
	Claudia turned and glanced at her.
	“I'm here to see Jonathan, what does it have to do with you.”
	Angelia blocked firmly in front of her.
	“I won't let you get away with this.”
	Claudia’s eyes panicked for a moment.
	“What did I do? Don't talk like you're the only one who's good.”
	She came over and walked right in, knocking Angelia out of the way.
	“Jonathan, I'm here to see you.”
	When Jonathan saw her, his face quickly turned pale.
	She was the one who had taken the initiative to tell him about the incident between Angelia and that teacher before.
	Now that Jonathan saw her again, he subconsciously remembered what had happened before.
Chapter 138 What Does It Means to Take Advantage?
	But Claudia did not seem to sense that she was not welcomed by them.
	She walked straight over and put down the things in her hands.
	“Jonathan, how are your injuries? You don't blame me if I haven't had time to come over the other day, do you?”
	Jonathan frowned a little impatiently.
	“You're not welcome here.”
	But Claudia laughed and said, “If you knew what I was doing during that time, you wouldn't have said that.”
	“I don't want to know, and I'm not interested in knowing.”
	Claudia turned her head and looked at Angelia, hiding her intentions, “What about you? Don't you want to know either?”
	Angelia frowned, wondering what exactly Claudia was trying to do.
	“Don't want to.” She turned her gaze elsewhere.
	Claudia stood up and spoke without a hitch.
	“I found out the other day, the nest I had put on the balcony to raise some canaries, ended up getting taken over by a pheasant from nowhere, and I spent several days trying to chase it away.”
	She glanced at Angelia and smiled, "Do you have any good ideas?"
	Angelia turned her head away, not looking at her.
	“Nope. But I remember, the canary was kept in a cage, or perhaps it didn't want to stay any longer and fled away, worried that her owner would find out, so she stole a chick instead to replace itself.”
	“Is it?” Claudia sneered and said, "But a pheasant is just a pheasant after all, it can't become a canary."
	“Is that what you came for to talk about today?’
	“Of course not.”
	Claudia walked up to Jonathan and said, “I came here just to care about Jonathan. And there are many, many things I want to talk with you, so when we have the time in the future, we must have a talk.”
	Jonathan frowned and looked at her.
	Claudia had already stood up and turned around to head outside.
	Angelia followed close behind.
	They reached the door before Claudia lowered her voice.
	“Next time, I'll just tell him the truth.”
	After saying that, she smiled smugly, turned around and walked away.
	Angelia stood at the door watching her leave then finally turned away after a long while.
	Seeing her distracted look, Jonathan said, "She won't be let in next time."
	“Huh?”
	Angelia lifted her head slightly and said, “That will be not necessary, if she wants to come, there are many ways.”
	Jonathan looked at her carefully and spoke up, " Did you have any problems with her?"
	Angelia avoided his gaze and suddenly felt guilty.
	“Nothing of the sort.”
	Angelia's gaze, however, remained on her, as if he wanted to tell what she was thinking in her heart through her face.
	Two days later, Jonathan was discharged from the hospital and returned to the castle.
	Angelia took a leave of absence from Cassius and stayed behind just to take care of Jonathan.
	Someone who has yet to recover from his injuries, fully explained what it meant by taking the advantage for someone.
	On the first day, he said his back hurts when he lifts his arms, so Angelia fed him.
	On the second day, he said he could not rub his back when showering, and asked Angelia to help him.
	On the third day, he claimed that he was afraid that the wound on his back would recur during the midnight and needed a companion.
	The housekeeper volunteered without hesitation.
	Jonathan interrogated him seriously, as his retirement will be the consequence of his unmindful words.
	Then the housekeeper obligingly recommended Angelia, and even enthusiastically moved Jonathan's things in.
	Jonathan said he wanted to give him a raise.
	The housekeeper immediately showed a fatherly smile as he looked at Angelia and Jonathan to enter a room.
	Turning his head and chatting with the cook, he casually discussed what the name of the young master should be.
	Once Angelia accidentally saw many names he wrote down in the small notebook, prolifically jotted, not at all ambiguous.
	Angelia was standing by the window, watching the housekeeper below ordering the gardener to mow the lawn.
	Jonathan waved at her.
	“What are you looking at?”
	Angelia didn't turn away.
	"The housekeeper."
	Angelia narrowed his eyes.
	“Stop looking, come and take a rest.”
	Angelia turned her head.
	“Isn't noon now?’
	Jonathan said with confident, “The doctor said I need to rest.”
	Angelia had to walk over, but before she got close enough, she was pulled down by him and laid on the bed.
	He hugged Wen Sweetie and held her like a body pillow, having no worries about his injuries.
	Instead, Angelia had to worry about it for him.
	But usually on an afternoon like this, Jonathan fell asleep after Angelia, but woke up before her.
	Several times, she wondered if Jonathan was asleep or not.
	If he did not sleep, why was he still taking regular naps during the afternoon every day?
	Angelia woke up with her eyes open once again and saw Jonathan looking at her with clear eyes again.
	“Have you slept just now?”
	“No.” Jonathan said.
	As he answered, Angelia sat up just before he said, "My back hurts."
	In just a short phrase, Angelia can sense some grievances in it.
	She couldn't help but lean over and blow at the wound on his back.
	“Where does it hurt?”
	Instead of answering, Jonathan looked at Angelia's neck.
	“The hickey is gone.”
	Angelia froze and reached out to touch it.
	“Is it?”
	She did not really care, but just as she was about to get up, Jonathan pulled her again.
	Angelia's body tilted, and she fell onto the bed, and was pressed down by Jonathan immediately.
	A slight stinging pain came from the side of her neck, she frowned slightly and reached out to hug Jonathan, but she accidentally touched the scars on his back.
	Her hand momentarily trembled, then she touched the scar cautiously.
	“Jonathan, did I ever tell you that I like you?”
	The man who buried his face in her shoulders suddenly stopped, motionless.
	Angelia lifted her hands and embraced him.
	The mottled scars on his back were more beautiful in her eyes, comparing to the most expensive and prestigious antique artifact in the world.
	“I love you.”
	After saying that, she added seriously, "Not as Claudia, but as me."
	Jonathan's hands slowly tightened, hugging Angelia into his chest.
	“I heard you.”
	Angelia raised the corners of her mouth, but her eyes overwhelmed with sadness.
	“Please believe that, no matter what happens.”
	“Ok.”
	Hearing Jonathan's reply, Angelia finally let out a sigh of relief and smiled gently.
	That afternoon, when Angelia went downstairs, the housekeeper handed her a letter.
	Angelia received it and read it, but there was nothing on it but the words "Sent to Madam Millers".
	“Who sent this?”
	“Not sure. It was found in the mailbox.”
	Angelia opened it and looked at it, and there was only a slip of paper inside.
	The address and time written on it was exactly the same as the one Jennie had given her before.
	After counting in her hand, she realized that the time specified was tonight.
	Angelia frowned, what on earth was Echo doing?
Chapter 139 Break Up
	Angelia took her phone out and called, but no one answered.
	In the end, she still stood up.
	“Steward, I have to go somewhere.”
	“What if Mr. Miller asked?”
	“Just say that I went to...” Angelia suddenly remembered Jonathan's resentment for Echo when she said that.
	He would be so angry if he knew.
	She had to correct herself, “I went to see Martin.”
	Angelia left in a hurry after speaking.
	She rode a taxi to the address written on the note.
	As expected, Echo was already waiting for Angelia when she just arrived.
	She walked over in a hurry and said, “Echo, why did you call me over so late at night?”
	Echo turned his head and looked at her in confusion.
	“Weren't you the one who called me over?”
	In the Ancient Castle.
	Jonathan just received a call.
	“Jonathan, are you home right now?”
	Jonathan didn't say a word after hearing the voice.
	He just hung up.
	After awhile, his phone rang again. When it just got connected, Claudia immediately spoke again.
	“Jonathan, you'll regret it if you hung up again!”
	Jonathan sighed.
	“What you want?”
	“Are you home right now?” Claudia asked.
	Jonathan wanted to hang up again, making Claudia raising her voice pitch in surprise.
	“Do you know where your wife is right now?"
	Jonathan paused.
	As if Claudia had guessed he would waver, her tone was calmer.
	“Jonathan, do you feel that your wife loves you very much now?”
	“But I just saw her together with Echo, and they looked like they're planning on eloping.”
	“Have you said everything?”
	Jonathan's face sunken, “I don't know what happened between you and my wife. However, I can stop questioning for her and I can also make you pay the price for her.”
	“So you don't believe me? You'll understand after you see the picture, go to KS Hotel if you want to know the details.”
	Claudia immediately hung up after speaking.
	After quite some time, she sent a photo to Jonathan's phone.
	Angelia held hands and sat together with Echo.
	Jonathan clearly saw that Angelia was wearing the clothes she wore that day.
	Even the freshly made hickeys on her neck could be seen clearly.
	He stared at the photo for quite some time before calling Steward.
	“Where's Angelia?”
	Steward said, “She went to see Martin.”
	Jonathan took out phone and called Martin.
	“Martin, is my wife at your place? Please let her answer the call.”
	Martin answered, “No, she didn't say she was coming.”
	Jonathan's eyes darkened.
	Martin was still saying something on the other side of the call, but Jonathan didn't listen and hung up right away.
	Steward was puzzled.
	Jonathan asked, “When did she go out?”
	“Just now, someone sent a letter.”
	Right after Steward said that, Jonathan stood up to wear his shirt and suit.
	“Mr. Miller, you can't wear the suit just yet with the wound on your back.”
	Jonathan didn't answer. He hurriedly walked outside without tying his necktie.
	The driver was already waiting outside.
	Jonathan went into the car and said, “Go to KS Hotel.”
	The driver turned his head and saw how his mood was bad.
	Since Mr. Miller returned from the hospital, he rarely saw Jonathan with such mood.
	In the darkness, a hint of cold flowed from his handsome facial features.
	Somehow it made people felt like someone's going to run out of luck.
	In the KS Hotel.
	Echo looked at Angelia in confusion.
	“I didn't send you any message, weren't you the one who sent me one?”
	He took out the exact envelope as the one Angelia had received and out it on the table.
	Angelia frowned and looked around while guessing.
	Someone led them there on purpose.
	“I'm going home first.”
	She said that anxiously before turning around to walk away.
	Right when she turned around, Echo pulled her.
	“Wait, I have something to discuss with you.”
	“Maybe some other time, today's not good."
	She eagerly wanted to leave, but Echo didn't want that.
	“You won't even listen if it's about the orphanage?”
	Angelia stopped and turned her head around.
	Echo smiled bitterly while taking out a few photos.
	“After the Sunshine Orphanage burned down, I want to build a new orphanage for them.”
	Angelia took the photo.
	There were kids of the orphanage whose faces were familiar to her.
	She was busy taking care of Jonathan and looking for evidence these days, she didn't have time to think of them.
	Angelia frowned and felt guilty at heart.
	“How are they now?”
	“All the kids are momentarily placed in another shelter. Even if the head of the orphanage is dead, but these kids are still alive without any wounds.”
	Angelia nodded. “The head of the orphanage saved them all out.”
	“These kids need to be taken care of. I've went to see them two days ago and they all asked me where you are.”
	He pulled Angelia, “Find some time, let's see them together, okay?
	Angelia frowned and looked up at him. After hesitating for so long, she finally agreed.
	“Okay.” Echo smiled.
	“Echo, didn't you advise me to go?”
	“Don't worry! I know you don't want to go. But I want to know the reason you're staying, is it for revenge? Or is it for Jonathan?”
	“I ...”Angelia didn't know how to say it.
	Echo guessed the answer and smiled.
	“I know.”
	At the diagonally opposite place from them, Jonathan sat on the opposite of Claudia with a gloomy look.
	“Where are they?”
	Claudia smiled while raising her hand and called the waiter to give Jonathan a glass of alcohol.
	“Why are you so nervous? Didn't you trust her very much?”
	Jonathan's expression was as dark as the bottom of a pot, and his voice was even lower than before.
	“Tell me, where are they?”
	Claudia pointed at the alcohol on the table.
	“I'll tell you after you drink.”
	Jonathan glanced down without moving.
	He was already engaged in the business world for so many years! His vigilance had yet to be covered by anger.
	“Why should I play these tricks?”
	Jonathan stood up and turned around to leave.
	Claudia suddenly pulled him.
	“Wait, don't you want to know where they are?”
	She raised her hand and pointed at where Angelia and Echo's location.
	“You see.”
	Jonathan looked to the direction she pointed at.
	Not far from him, Angelia and Echo sat together.
	Just like the photo.
Chapter 140 Drugged?
	Jonathan frowned and stood up to leave.
	Right at that time, there was a bad feeling in his heart along with a shadow that appeared behind him.
	He quickly turned his head in alarm and evaded before the guy behind him could do something to him.
	The wound on is back tore by that single move.
	Jonathan frowned, and the next second...
	Someone punched the back of his head.
	It was even too late for him to open his mouth! The last thing he saw was Angelia before he blacked out.
	Claudia rushed over to hold his body.
	The people around that place didn't notice that fight in the corner, she asked Chloe to help Jonathan and they quickly walked out.
	“Let's go to another place.”
	They brought Jonathan into the car, and went to an abandoned building on the outskirts of town.
	Chloe threw Jonathan on the bed of the empty room.
	Claudia walked over and looked before saying, “All right, you can go out.”
	Chloe glanced at her in hesitation.
	“You've said that it was just an act.”
	“Sure.”
	Claudia answered solemnly.
	“Only this way, we would be able to hold him. He wouldn't dare to do anything to us later.”
	Seeing that Chloe still wouldn't talk, Claudia walked over and spoke softly, “I knew you're not willing to, I feel the same! But this is the only way, I just want him to feel like something really happened, but it won't really happen.”
	She pushed Chloe out of the room.
	“All right, you should go. Don't get caught.”
	“Claudia, you...”Claudia shut the door before Chloe finished speaking.
	He frowned for quite some time and looked vicious when thinking of Claudia and Jonathan staying in the same room.
	But at last, he still listened to Claudia and hid nearby.
	In the room.
	Claudia checked the doors and windows to make sure that it couldn't be opened from the inside before taking a box of drugs out from the bag.
	Looking at the unconscious man on the bed, she smiled proudly.
	Chloe was so stupid, and he'd do anything with a bit of persuasion.
	“Act? Since it's an act, then I must go all out!”
	She opened the lid and swallowed two pieces herself. The rest of it was stuffed into Jonathan's mouth.
	“When I have Jonathan's child, I'll be Mrs. Miller!”
	Jonathan's body was hot when he regained his consciousness after quite some time.
	He struggled to open his eyes but the pain on the back of his head stung him again.
	It's not a normal heat! He quickly noticed the abnormality because his blood rushed into the same place.
	Jonathan sat up swiftly and found that he's in an empty room, and the bed he's at was the only furniture there.
	He rubbed his forehead and remembered that he was at KS Hotel, seeing Angelia and Echo...
	Then he got knocked out.
	Jonathan resisted the agitation of his body and walked straight to the door.
	There was no handle or anything to open the tightly shut steel door.
	Obviously, that door could only be opened from outside.
	He frowned right before realizing that every communication device he had was gone.
	Kidnapped? Drugged?
	Jonathan quickly realized his state. The strong poison effect kept attacking his nerves and drowned his will.
	Before getting destroyed, he must leave that place.... Angelia unexpectedly met Echo behind his back!
	The flames of anger raged in his heart when he remembered that. On the contrary, it actually catalyzed the drug's effect and made his condition worse.
	Jonathan kicked the door before him with his strength.
	There was a loud sound from the steel door but it didn't move at all.
	“It won't be opened...”
	There's a sound from the corner.
	Jonathan stopped and turned his head to look over.
	Claudia was squatting there with ripped clothes.
	She was trembling with her red face and teary eyes.
	It was obvious that she got drugged too.
	“You're here too.” Jonathan frowned.
	Claudia nodded. Every word she said took strenuous effort because of that drug.
	“Who the hell caught us here we? Why would anyone do this?”
	A few candidates flit by Jonathan's mind but he still couldn't be sure as of who did it.
	He always had countless enemies, there are countless of people who would want to have their revenge on him.
	While thinking of that, Claudia suddenly walked out of a corner.
	Under the dim light, he could clearly see her exposed skin that also became red due to the drug, staring intently at Jonathan.
	“I feel so hot...”
	She threw herself and hugged Jonathan's waist while rubbing against it.
	“Jonathan, help me! Help me...”
	Jonathan frowned and wanted to push her away, but the raging drug effect had crushed his willpower.
	The temperature of his body got worse, and he really needed to vent it out...
	After Angelia parted with Echo she walked out of KS Hotel in a hurry.
	Jonathan's driver who waited by standing outside hurriedly rushed over to Angelia.
	“Miss, you're finally out... Where's Mr. Miller?”
	Angelia was stunned before asking, “Jonathan? He's here?”
	“Mr. Miller just arrived not long ago. Didn't he come to look for you?”
	Angelia shook her head.
	How could Jonathan come here?
	“That's not right, I haven't seen him.”
	Angelia took her phone out and tried to call him, but no one answered.
	“What happened?”
	“Nothing would happen to Mr. Miller, right?” the driver anxiously said, “His wounds are not fully healed yet.”
	“Are you sure he had yet to come out?”
	The driver nodded
	“I kept standing here and I didn't see Mr. Miller coming out.”
	Angelia turned around and entered the hotel while calling Steward.
	“Did Jonathan go home?”
	Steward was surprised to hear that, he asked, “Didn't Mr. Miller go to look for you?”
	“Just now Mr. Miller suddenly asked about you and called Martin afterwards. But after calling he furiously left the house.”
	Angelia frowned once she head that.
	That letter was not from Echo.
	That would mean that someone led them on purpose here.
	She thought that they were the aim, but it was unexpectedly Jonathan.
	Angelia pondered before turning around and walked over to the front desk of KS Hotel.
	“Where's your manager? I want to see the CCTV.”
	The front desk recognized Angelia after taking a look at her, and so she hurriedly nodded and called the general manager.
	KS Hotel had a very big hall, if all the windows were included, it's over a thousand square meters.
	The CCTV installed in that area was really shocking.
Chapter 141 Found it!
	Angelia asked them to get every surveillance video from the past two hours and arrange them on the screen.
	There were many videos taken by the camera and many places were overlapped. There were more than five videos of her and Echo alone.
	But she couldn’t afford to rule it out. These videos were shot from different angles, some overlapped, and some were slightly different.
	She suddenly noticed a familiar figure in the corner of the screen.
	Although it only appeared in a corner, she could still tell it.
	“Wait, where was this camera?”
	The manager leaned forward and said, “This one here was broken down two days ago, and it hasn’t been fixed yet.”
	“Broken down?”
	What a coincidence?
	Angelia took a look and said, “Get every video near out.”
	Five or six videos were sorted out again.
	She stared closely. The corner of the clothes appeared occasionally.
	Someone sat opposite Jonathan.
	Not knowing what they said, he stood up, turned around and looked in the direction where Angelia was sitting at the time.
	Just then, he seemed to get into a fight with someone and was soon knocked down and fell.
	A pair of hands reached out and got him.
	Angelia frowned.
	She felt like she had seen the handbag in that person’s hand somewhere.
	“Rewind.”
	She leaned forward and the video was stopped on the handbag.
	It was a customized leather bag with two letters on the covered button.
	CH.
	Claudia Hunk!
	Angelia saw the bag in Claudia’s room.
	“I can’t believe it’s her!”
	She clenched her fists right away, turned around and walked out.
	She called Steward and Truman as she walked out, asking them to trace Claudia.
	But they didn’t know more than she did.
	Jonathan was taken away by Claudia, but where?
	None of these were clear.
	Finding someone was like finding a needle in the sea.
	Angelia walked back and forth anxiously. Truman said in compassion, “Miss, there is too little information to help us find anything.”
	“Why did she kidnap Mr. Miller?” Steward asked, “Was it for money or profit?”
	It didn’t make sense either way.
	If it was someone from the Hunks, why would they kidnap someone for this?
	Angelia knew what they didn’t know.
	Randal and Daphne mentioned it a long time ago.
	They wanted to make Claudia Mrs. Miller again. Even though her identity changed, the purpose wouldn’t.
	Maybe they knew something.
	Angelia quickly stood up and walked out.
	Steward chased right after her.
	“Where are you going Miss?”
	“To the Hunk’s.”
	She dashed out without looking back.
	It was late at night. Angelia rushed into the Hunk’s and awoke Randal and Daphne.
	They walked into the living room impatiently with their coat on their shoulders.
	“What are you doing? Do you know what time it is now? What do you want?” Daphne complained.
	Angelia waved to let Steward and Truman out who stood behind her.
	She waited until everyone left, “Where is Claudia?”
	Daphne glanced at her and looked away, “Why are you looking for her?”
	“She is not at home today, isn’t she?”
	Angelia stared at them, trying to see if there was any clue on them.
	“She kidnapped Jonathan.” She answered directly.
	Right after she said that, Daphne rolled her eyes and gave Angelia a straight glance.
	“Oh, you can’t make things up like that. Why would a good girl like our Claudia kidnap Jonathan?”
	“You definitely know where she is.”
	“I have no idea.”
	Daphne waved her hand impatiently and stood up.
	“If you think that we would tell you just because you woke us up for this, then we have nothing to tell you. We know nothing.”
	Then she turned around and intended to leave.
	“Blaming everything on Claudia. And you take her place, how would you not be ashamed?”
	Angelia said directly, “If you really don’t know anything, how can you not be worried if she’s not home this late?”
	Daphne’s eyes sparkled.
	“She is a grown-up, why should I be worried? Unlike you.”
	She turned her head and looked at Angelia.
	“Are you sure that Jonathan was kidnapped by Claudia, instead of you not being able to keep an eye on your own husband?”
	Angelia frowned and was slightly shocked.
	Daphne had a triumphant smile.
	“I suggest you should go home and wait. Maybe he will come home in the morning. It happens to men all the time!”
	The two kicked Angelia out. Then Daphne got worried.
	“Claudia is going to be fine right?”
	Randal looked up at the sky.
	“It will be dawn soon. It will be too late even if they go find them.”
	“Good. Our daughter will be Mrs. Miller again.”
	Angelia left the Hunks, and disappointing news came from Truman and Steward.
	“Maybe we can find them with the surveillance. But it’s midnight and there’s no way to do it.”
	Surveillance?
	But who has that power?
	Suddenly Angelia thought of something, digged in her pockets and found a black card. She walked out in a hurry.
	“Where are you going, Miss?” Steward asked.
	“I need to make a call.”
	Steward and Truman looked at each other in doubt, not understanding what she was going to do.
	She found a corner and dialed the cell phone number on the card.
	She wasn’t sure if it would be answered since it’s three in the morning.
	To her surprise, the phone was connected right away.
	It was Mason’s voice.
	“Good morning, Ms. Wilson.”
	“You said that I can call you if I am in trouble.” Angelia said.
	“Yes.”
	She had to make every possible effort.
	“I need you to find someone for me. Jonathan Miller. Claudia Hunk. Find out where they are and give me the address. Do it as fast as you can.”
	Mason’s voice was very calm.
	“No problem. Please wait. I will call you again later.”
	Then he hung up the phone.
	The sky outside gradually brightened.
	After a whole night, she couldn’t imagine what Claudia would have done to Jonathan.
	She couldn’t afford to keep thinking, but only walked back and forth anxiously.
	Meanwhile, what she didn’t know was, more than half of the departments in the city received the same call.
	The executives were awakened, getting the surveillance within the city at their fastest speed.
	The officials who usually flaunted with their prowess, were awakened by the phone in the middle of the night. But they had no complaint and only executed the instructions quickly.
	After only half an hour, Angelia’s phone rang again.
	Mason’s voice was calm as usual.
	“Ms. Wilson, we found them.”
Chapter 142 Astonishing willpower
	The sky got brighter. Angelia and others finally arrived at the address Mason gave her.
	The residential buildings were deserted and empty, marked with ‘to be demolished’ in paint on the walls.
	Without Mason’s help, they wouldn’t be able to find a place like this, not even in a week.
	Angelia came to the door, which was locked from outside, as if they worried the people inside would escape.
	“Saw it open!”
	With her command, a bodyguard with a chainsaw immediately came forward.
	There was a burst of fire.
	A hole in the iron gate was opened right away.
	The light in the room was dim, and there was a strange smell in the air.
	She didn’t even dare to go inside the moment when the door was opened.
	The moanof a woman in the room could be heard by everyone.
	Angelia paused, her heart was like pressed by a big rock.
	“Jonathan?”
	She stood at the door and called out.
	But there was no sound inside.
	She walked in while hesitated.
	After just few steps, she felt she kicked on something.
	She picked it up and found it was a bottle of philtre, which was empty.
	Angelia’s hands tightened instantly and looked around the room.
	There was only a bed in the room, as if it had been placed there temporarily. Someone was sleeping on it.
	“Jonathan?”
	Angelia approached few more steps, unveiled the quilt on the bed.
	It turned out to be Claudia in ragged clothes!
	The clothes on her body were torn into several pieces. She rubbed herself against the bedsheets and her body looked red. Her hands were tied to the bed while she kept struggling, yet she was not able to move.
	Judging from the way she acted, the medicine was still working.
	Angelia looked around quickly.
	“Jonathan, is that you?”
	She could suddenly hear a sound coming from the corner as she turned her head.
	A tall figure suddenly rushed out from the corner and directly hit her as she was about to turn around.
	Angelia was hit and she stepped back a few steps, fell on the ground in the end.
	The man’s temperature was extremely high. She could feel it even though there were clothes between them.
	The heavy breathing sound kept pounding on her ears and heart heavily.
	She could tell who the person is without looking.
	“Jonathan?”
	She yelled. The man grabbed her waist tight, lowered his head, sniffed gently and kissed her neck.
	She could hear Steward’s voice coming from outside.
	“Miss, did you find him?”
	Angelia reached out her hands and pushed Jonathan’s head away.
	“Found him, give me a moment.”
	He kissed her hand as if her fingers were like lollipops, rubbing them with his tongue.
	She held his face.
	“Can you keep a clear head?”
	She knew it was all in vain right after she asked.
	Jonathan kissed her on the lips and he stirred his tongue in her mouth.
	Angelia thought of the whole bottle of medicine she just saw.
	If he ate them all, how could he be sober all night long?
	Let alone there was Claudia who also took the medicine.
	Angelia patted him on the back.
	“We need to go out first, Jonathan.”
	When she thought he was out of his mind, he suddenly stopped.
	He paused, picked her up and walked out.
	Steward and Truman were about to go inside since it was all silence. They suddenly saw Jonathan come out.
	He was neatly dressed and eyes were red. They couldn’t tell if there was anything wrong with him.
	His lips were pressed with a serious look.
	He held Angelia tightly in his arms.
	“Are you ok, sir?”
	Steward walked towards him as soon as he saw him. He saw the blood on Jonathan’s hands while he held Angelia.
	It looked like he had been pounding on the wall a million times. Both hands were full of startling wounds.
	He didn’t even look at others, just held her and walked out.
	Angelia laid in his arms in silence and buried her face in his chest.
	A group of bodyguards watched them as they left and turned to Steward and Truman.
	Truman frowned and said, “Let’s clean this mess up first.”
	Then they entered the room.
	Truman glanced at Claudia who was still tortured by the medicine on the bed. He had no compassion towards her, only told the bodyguards what to do.
	“Send her to the hospital.”
	Several people walked in haste, wrapped her in bed sheets and brought her out.
	Steward took the bottle and his eyes popped.
	“Was it possible that Mr. Miller was fed this entire bottle of medicine, Mr. Bell?”
	He shook the bottle. There were more than ten pills in total!
	How did Jonathan endure all night after taking all the medicine!
	Truman pointed at the corner but didn’t answer.
	Steward turned around and saw the corner stained with blood.
	Some lime fell of the wall.
	As if someone punched on it all night long.
	Steward gasped out of shock.
	He could imagine the scene just by looking at the wall right in front of him.
	Last night, after tying Claudia to the bed, Jonathan sat in the corner and tried to resist the drug.
	When he couldn’t fight it, he hit the wall over and over again, leaving the traces dripping with blood.
	In this way, he made it through the night.
	Even Steward couldn’t help but exclaimed.
	“What a rough night for Mr. Miller!”
	Jonathan brought Angelia into the car but he didn’t put her down. He held her and sat on the driver’s seat instead.
	She sat on his lap and she could feel his hard muscles even there were clothes in between.
	She couldn’t imagine how he got through the night with the willpower he had.
	The look on his face was tense. He ignited the engine of the car and put into gear methodically.
	The car slid out just like that.
	Angelia looked at him nervously.
	“Shouldn’t we wait for them?”
	Jonathan didn’t say a word.
	She found out right away that he wasn’t driving to the hospital.
	“Where are we going? Aren’t we going to the hospital?”
	He stretched out his hand to support her waist, leaning closer to her body.
	She was shocked by the changes in his body and she could barely move.
	There were few cars on the road since it was early in the morning.
	Jonathan drove the car steadily, he stopped slowly in front of the red light. He pressed her on the steering wheel and kissed her.
	When the red light was off, he released her and kept driving forward.
	The speed was so moderate that it scared Angelia a little.
	She knew that someone fed him the whole bottle of medicine and the effect was still on.
	But he looked way too calm.
	Terribly calm.
	As if the tranquility before the storm.
Chapter 143 Can I?
	The car was driven to the castle at a slow speed and stopped slowly.
	Jonathan carried Angelia in his arm from the car and went inside the castle.
	He put one hand around Angelia’s waist, while the other hand cradled her butt like carrying a baby while walking toward the castle.
	The gardener and the chef, who were preparing for work, were all shocked with eyes widened open when they saw Jonathan carrying Angelia along the way.
	Jonathan did not change his face and walked inside the castle stably.
	Angelia lowered and buried her head in his arm.
	He passed through the living room and walked straight to the bedroom on the third floor at a steady pace.
	Angelia could not help but got nervous when the door was getting closer and closer.
	“Jonathan…”
	It was just her calling his name softly, but this made Jonathan, who was always being too calm, lose his mind all of the sudden.
	His steps were suddenly paused.
	Just as Angelia raised her head, Jonathan locked lips with her.
	His passionate kiss was like a fire that vigorously burned her down.
	His emotion that was always repressed was exploded like rushing floodwater through his deep eyes.
	No one except Jonathan’s back could be seen on the third floor.
	Both of Angelia’s hands were caught by him. His hands were intertwined with her and he pressed her down on the ground.
	Her eyes widened as she saw the madness in Jonathan’s red eyes as if they were stained with blood.
	He finally carried Angelia in his arm again and put her on the bed after he kissed her for a long time.
	There was a storm raging in his eyes. The last string that pulled his mind was very tight to the extent that it would break at any time.
	Jonathan stood beside the bed. Both of his hands were shaking slightly because of the overused force.
	He leaned his head in closer to Angelia’s ear.
	“Can I?”
	Although his body had reached to the maximum, he still wanted to ask for her permission.
	He spoke in a hoarse and low voice, as though he had been under enormous pressure, and it had taken all his strength to make the sound.
	Angelia raised her hand and touched Jonathan’s arm that was as hard as a rock.
	Her heart ached, and she did not speak any word. She raised her head slightly instead and kissed the corner of his lips.
	Jonathan was shocked and the string in his mind was broken instantly.
	He hugged Angelia and suddenly lifted the quilt to cover them up.
	Steward and Truman sent Claudia to the hospital. After they came back to the castle, they ordered everyone not to go to the third floor on that day, and then they were each busy with their work immediately.
	There was an unspoken agreement between all of them that no one went upstairs. It was not until the evening that the two persons upstairs finally showed up.
	Angelia soaked in the bathtub, and her body was full of the hickeys that were caused by his kissing.
	She washed with difficulty, and when she came out from the bathroom, Jonathan had already opened the window. The fresh air came in, which made people feel refreshed.
	He strode over when he turned his head and saw Angelia.
	The casual pants hung loosely on his waist that made him look sexy and strong. He carried Angelia with his naked upper body.
	“Didn’t I told you to let me into the bathroom and carry you out?”
	Angelia blushed and did not say a word.
	Jonathan put her on the bed and kissed the corner of her lips again.
	It was just a light kiss at first, but he could not control himself and kissed her deeper and deeper.
	Angelia was so shocked that she shrank back quickly. She reached out her hands and pushed against his chest a few times.
	“No…”
	She made the sound like a kitten, and she was about to hide herself in the quilt.
	Jonathan raised the corner of his lips and burst out laughing.
	Angelia was even embarrassed when he laughed.
	Just then, there was a knock at the door.
	Angelia looked back quickly.
	Jonathan turned her head back instead.
	“I’ve asked them to bring the food upstairs.”
	Then, he walked towards the door and opened it. He took the dishes from the cook.
	Angelia laid under the quilt and pretended to sleep.
	After a while, Jonathan came over and patted her butt through the quilt.
	“Come and eat something first.”
	Angelia poked her head out.
	Jonathan fed her something to eat and then ate soup.
	“Are you full?”
	Angelia nodded her head. He swept the remaining food into his stomach and put the plates aside.
	“Are you still sleepy?” Jonathan asked again.
	Angelia shook her head.
	“I’m not sleepy.”
	“Good.”
	Jonathan pulled her up.
	“Let’s clear up the thing.”
	“What?” Angelia was puzzled.
	Jonathan said, “Why didn’t you tell me when you met Echo?”
	Angelia lowered her head with guiltily when she heard it.
	“Look at me.”
	Jonathan held and lifted her chin.
	“I had received two letters with designated meeting place and time on for me to come. I was afraid you were worried, so I didn’t tell you.”
	“However, not until I went there did I realize,that the letter I had got was not from Echo, and Echo also said that he came there because he received my letter.”
	Jonathan knitted his brows. There was a storm brewing in his eyes.
	“You fell for it.”
	On the other side, the news about Claudia, who was sent to the hospital in that state, spread throughout the capital.
	Jonathan’s bodyguards were not so patient to help her tidy her clothes, and they just wrapped her up in the sheet to send her to the hospital.
	Doctors immediately knew what had happened once they pulled the sheet and saw Claudia’s disheveled and flushed look.
	They gave her a prescription right away. However, the news had been thoroughly spread all over the capital when Claudia’s drug inside her was removed.
	Daphne and Randall woke up in the early morning and still daydreamed about moving into the Millers’ house as a matter of course when Claudia came back.
	However, they did not expect such bad news.
	They were in a rage and their faces turned into white. They went to the hospital in a hurry.
	Although Claudia was just their distant relative in the eyes of the outsiders, people still badmouthed the Hunks at their back when this thing happened.
	They had been living in high regard for half of their lives. It was their first time to be scolded by people. They became more and more angry along the way to the hospital.
	Claudia had already awakened when they went into the ward.
	Daphne rushed up and slapped Claudia.
	“Look what you’ve done!”
	Claudia just woke up. When her head was hit all of a sudden, she was stunned for a moment and screamed furiously.
	“Mum, what’s wrong with you? What are you hitting me for?”
	“How shameless of you to ask that! Do you know what’s going on out there?”
	Daphne stood beside the bed and pointed the finger at Claudia.
	“They said you failed at seducing Jonathan. He threw you out without mercy. You were seducing your brother-in-law.”
	“Nonsense!” Claudia got so angry that she raised her voice. “I’m the real Mrs. Millers!”
	“Who knows? In their point of view, that wicked girl is the real Mrs. Millers instead. You are nothing more than a distant relative of the Hunks!”
	Randal knitted his brows and waved his hand.
	“Forget it. Just drop it.”
	He turned to look at Claudia, and his expression was quite serious. “What’s really going on?”
Chapter 144 Birthday Present
	Claudia frowned in anger.
	“How could I have known? Jonathan isn’t human at all! He took so many drugs and still could endure its effects.”
	Randall said in a deep voice, “It’s pointless to say these now. We’d better think carefully about how to explain to Jonathan.”
	“Explain? What’s there to explain?”
	Claudia turned her head and said angrily, “It's not a big thing. At the worse, I’ll expose everything. I’m his wife, what can he do about that?”
	Daphne glared at her angrily about what she said.
	“How dare you! He may skin you alive! And the entire Hunk family will be implicated!”
	Randall looked at them quarreling and frowned in displeasure.
	“The best solution now is to blame everything on Angelia. We have nothing to do with it.”
	Claudia said furiously, “Of course I know.”
	Chloe appeared as soon as Randall and Daphne left.
	Claudia was unhappy when she saw him.
	“What are you doing here? Didn’t I let you keep watch outside? Where were you?”
	Chloe looked at Claudia with concern as he knew what had happened yesterday.
	“Yesterday someone found that house and I went to settle him. But by the time I returned, they had already been here.”
	“I’m not interested in your explanation!”
	Claudia picked up the pillow and threw over, “What will others think of me now that they know this?”
	Chloe stretched out his hands and tightly embraced Claudia.
	“I won’t, to me you are still the best!”
	“Really?”
	Claudia asked in return, “But I’m worried about the future. What if Jonathan blames me? Will he suspect anything?”
	“No, he won’t.” Chloe consoled and said, “I hit him unconscious. If he investigates, it will only lead to me.”
	Claudia heard this and the load on her shoulders finally disappeared.
	“Hmm. Then will you be alright? Should you lie low for a few days?”
	Chloe was very touched to see her concern for him.
	“I’ll always stay by your side. I won’t go anywhere.”
	Claudia leaned onto Chloe’s chest.
	This Chloe was useful.
	Looks like she should not let him leave.
	If Jonathan were to conduct an investigation, then she would blame everything on him.
	On the second day, when Claudia was discharged from the hospital, she was sent to Jonathan’s castle instead of the Hunk residence.
	She looked at Jonathan nervously.
	“I don’t remember clearly what happened that night. I was knocked unconscious after you fainted. I was then brought to that room.”
	Jonathan looked at her suspiciously.
	Claudia said, “Jonathan, do you think that I will, as a woman, joke about these?”
	After she said, she didn’t dare to look directly at Jonathan for fear that he would detect her motives.
	Jonathan looked intently at her.
	“My wife and Echo both said that someone impersonated both of them to write to each other to get them show up. How was it that you coincidentally saw them?”
	“How do I know? What do I gain by doing these?”
	Claudia stood up unhappily, “I’m the greatest victim. Don’t you know everyone outside now is saying about me? You know what? I’m even more anxious than you to find the perpetrator?”
	Angelia walked down from the stairs as she was saying these.
	She looked at Claudia with a heavy heart.
	Jonathan stood up and walked over as soon as he saw Angelia. His hands wrapped around her waist and held onto her.
	“Why did you come down?”
	“I’m here to see my distant cousin.” Angelia looked at Claudia.
	“You lost consciousness after Jonathan. So, you should have seen how that person looked!”
	Claudia smirked but her eyes didn’t reveal anything.
	“Everything happened so quickly and I was in a daze and then I was knocked unconscious.”
	“Really?”
	Angelia asked calmly, “I actually suspect someone.”
	“Who?”
	“When the orphanage was burnt down, I met Angela and saw someone else. I can still remember his looks.”
	Claudia’s eyes squinted and then laughed, “These are two separate matters. How can you talk about them together? Why are you so concerned over the orphanage? How come I don’t remember that you were involved with the orphanage?”
	Angelia calmly said, “I’m only suspicious. Once the police are here, I’ll hand them the sketch and let them make the judgment.”
	Claudia ground her teeth and said, “Really? Then I hope that he’ll be found soon.”
	She looked at Angelia and stood up, “I’ll leave if there isn’t anything else.”
	She left in a hurry thereafter.
	Angelia raised her eyebrows as she looked at her back.
	She was certain that Claudia was involved in this kidnapping!
	“You suspect her?” Jonathan asked.
	Angelia nodded.
	Jonathan placed his hand on her waist and looked inquisitively at Angelia’s eyes.
	On the second day, a message was sent by the M.I. group.
	Just a few hours after Jonathan went back to work, a series of orders were issued.
	Among them, the one that deserved the most consideration was the suppression of the Hunks Enterprises.
	Although Jonathan didn’t say it out, when series of orders were considered in totality, the picture became obvious.
	In the past when Jonathan married the daughter of the Hunk family, the company staff thought that Jonathan would quickly take his revenge.
	Things took an unexpected turn thereafter. Not only did he not take revenge, due to Mrs. Miller, but there were also some changes between the M.I. Group and Hunks Enterprises.
	It was expected that the relationship between the two companies would improve but because of what happened in the last two days, things deteriorated completely.
	Many were not surprised about it and actually applauded.
	Thus, a series of actions to suppress the Hunks Enterprises began.
	Within a week, the Hunks Enterprises started to crumble.
	Additionally, with various sorts of pressures, the investigations into the kidnapping were progressing swiftly.
	Even Claudia was summoned for interrogation several times.
	In less than a week, the entire Hunks Enterprises crumbled and many stood by the side to view its downfall.
	Under Jonathan’s instructions, no one revealed these to Angelia.
	Angelia sat in the garden and changed the layout of the entire garden as if it was rearranged to suit her mood.
	She looked suspiciously at the surroundings and saw Steward and Aurelia were both in a good mood.
	“Why are you so happy?”
	Steward turned around and was smiling from ear to ear.
	“It’s almost Master’s birthday.”
	Aurelia continued, “Although the master doesn’t mention it and instructed us not to treat it specially, but each year around this time we would spruce up the place. Even if it’s not to celebrate his birthday, we can’t treat it as a non-event.”
	Angelia looked around and no wonder the entire castle seemed to be joyous.
	But what should she give to Jonathan for his birthday?
Chapter 145 Happened Aggressively
	Angelia was considering what present she would give to Jonathan.
	At this moment, Claudia was chased out of a branded handbag shop.
	Her expression was very unpleasant.
	“What’s the big deal? Don’t look down upon others!”
	She stood by the door cursing at the store attendant.
	When she entered the shop a moment ago, the shop attendant didn’t serve her with a pleasant attitude when they realized who she was.
	In the past, she could take whatever she wanted and settled the payment at the end of the month.
	So when she saw a bag that she liked, she thought that she could take it like before but the attendant insisted that she should pay for it before she could leave with the bag.
	Claudia’s credit card had long been frozen.
	Under Jonathan’s constant barrage of suppressive actions, even the company’s assets were frozen.
	Just within a matter of days, the status of the Hunk family had been on the decline daily.
	She didn’t expect that even a lowly store attendant would dare to speak to her in that kind of attitude!
	That was the high-end district of the city and when Claudia was chased out of the shop, it attracted numerous onlookers.
	“Isn’t she the recently acknowledged daughter of the Hunk family? What happened to her?”
	“Don’t come if you can’t afford it,
	why put up the act?”
	“The Hunk family isn’t like they were before. Someone else is more fortunate to be married to Jonathan. She helped Jonathan handle his family just after a few days. Tsk tsk tsk…”
	“Isn’t it? She became a phoenix as soon as she got married with a royal family member. There is no comparison between them.”
	Claudia was shaking in anger when she heard these sarcastic words.
	“What nonsense are you spewing? I’m the actual Mrs. Miller! What the hell is she?”
	They were startled by her and patted their chest in fright.
	“She’s still daydreaming about this?”
	“Not only wasn’t she able to make herself onto Jonathan’s bed, but she was also thrown out. Don't you have any shame?”
	“You tried to snatch away your sister’s man. No wonder he would turn around and attack you.”
	“You deserved it!”
	Claudia stood up angrily.
	“What the hell do you know? Shut the hell up!”
	She pointed at the people in front of her.
	“I’m the true Mrs. Miller! Only me!”
	She shouted with bloodshot eyes, turned, and ran.
	Few of them remained there and looked at each other curiously.
	“She’s mad, isn’t she?”
	Claudia threw a huge tantrum with Randall as soon as she returned home.
	“Do you know what people are saying about me? I just wanted to buy something and was driven away by the store attendant!”
	Randall was troubled by the company problems and had made several calls but no one was willing to loan them money to help with their cashflow.
	Now with Claudia bickering beside him, he couldn’t endure it any further and slammed his hands on the table.
	“Have you said enough? Who is to blame for this situation? Wasn’t it all because of you?”
	This was the first time Claudia was scolded in this manner by Randall. She was so startled that she took a few steps backward.
	Randall said furiously, “Stay at home and don’t go out. Don’t get into any further trouble!”
	Then he sat down and looked at the financial reports.
	“Had I known earlier, I wouldn’t have got you back.”
	He said it very softly but was heard by Claudia.
	She stared with her eyes wide open in disbelief at Randall.
	Claudia clenched her fists and trembled in anger.
	It’s all Angelia’s fault!
	That slut!
	There wouldn’t be so many problems without her!
	She’s a dog in the manger, a fraud!
	She clenched her teeth and dashed out of the room.
	Angelia just came back from outside and she had the present in her hands.
	As soon as she entered the castle, Steward saw the package in her hands and laughed, “Master doesn’t like to receive presents but I’m sure he’ll like anything that Missus gives.”
	Angelia nodded shyly.
	“I’ll go upstairs first. Please let me know when he comes back.”
	It was already dark when Jonathan came home. The few days of suppressing the Hunks Enterprises had been effective and today they started to wrap things up.
	He worked overtime for a while before coming home.
	As soon as Jonathan entered the house, the dishes were still on the table and untouched.
	“Where is she? Hasn’t she eaten?”
	Steward laughed, “Missus is upstairs. I’ll go get her.”
	“No need.”
	Jonathan waved his hand and went up by himself.
	Steward and Aurelia were both smiling away as they looked at his back view.
	Aurelia said, “Perhaps in future Boss will forget about those things and accept his birthday.”
	Steward nodded.
	“Finally, Master has someone to accompany him after being alone for such a long time.”
	Just as he finished, the bodyguard who was outside rushed in towards Steward.
	“Claudia wants to come in.”
	Steward frowned. This was such an auspicious day. How could they let her ruin it?
	He waved his hand.
	“No, drive her away.”
	“Yes.”
	The bodyguard turned and left.
	Steward thought for a moment and was unsettled.
	He’d better be more cautious after all those things that she had done to Master.
	“I’ll go out to have a look.”
	Upstairs, Jonathan pushed open the door and saw Angelia at the desk but did not know what she was doing.
	The light cast warmly around her.
	As soon as Jonathan saw her, all his predatory instincts of the business world dissipated immediately.
	He smiled warmly with one corner of the mouth turned up as he walked quietly over to hug her.
	“What are you doing?”
	Angelia heard his voice and tried desperately to hide the things in her hands.
	“You’re back.”
	Jonathan kissed her as she turned around.
	“Don’t wait for me next time. You should eat first.”
	“Today’s different.”
	Angelia wriggled out of his embrace and hid the present behind her.
	“Yes?”
	“Today’s your birthday.”
	Jonathan frowned slightly when he heard it.
	He looked at Angelia’s face and paused for a moment before he said, “I don’t have fond memories about my birthday.”
	He paused and held Angelia’s face.
	“But I’ll try to accept this for your sake.”
	Angelia looked puzzled at him with these words.
	What memories did Jonathan link to his birthday?
	Why was it such a taboo for him?
	If those were sorrowful memories, then she’ll help him turn them into happy ones.
	Angelia smiled and led him out of the room.
	“I have a present for you but I’ll give it to you after dinner.”
	The two of them laughed as they descended to the living room and started to hear the commotion outside.
	“What’s the matter?” Jonathan frowned and asked.
	Aurelia looked anxiously and said, “Master, Steward has gone out to handle it. It should be settled soon.”
	She didn’t want Jonathan to know that Claudia had come.
	Just now as Master descended the staircase, it was the first time she had seen him smile on his birthday.
	But before she could think any further, Claudia rushed in aggressively!
Chapter 146 The Secret Has Come to Light
	Steward followed Claudia and tried to stop her but he could not catch up to her speed at all.
	“Miss Claudia, please don’t trespass!”
	However, Claudia turned a deaf ear.
	She directly barged in and shouted, “This is my place! My castle! I’m the hostess of this house! Who dares to stop me!”
	She spoke without concern and rushed in.
	When Angelia heard these words, her face became pale instantly.
	The others did not understand what was the meaning of these words but she was very clear…
	Why was it today?
	She took a small step backward and stood behind Jonathan.
	A deep crease appeared on Jonathan’s brow when he heard her words.
	In his opinion, Claudia was just purposely pestering and making troubles.
	“Steward, send her out!”
	He gave the order in a cold voice.
	A few bodyguards immediately came from the corner and directly dragged her out.
	“No one can chase me out!”
	Claudia was struggling violently.
	Jonathan turned his head to look at Angelia. The coldness that was shown when he faced Claudia just now had disappeared instantaneously, as if nothing had happened just now.
	“Let’s eat first. I don’t know you’ll give me what kind of gift.”
	When Angelia was about to open her mouth and say something, a wild laugh came from the direction of Claudia.
	Everyone frowned and stared at her.
	Claudia bursted into laughter.
	“Jonathan, is it that you think she is your wife?”
	“Do you think that she was the one who married you?”
	Jonathan frowned and coldness was flashing in his eyes.
	“Throw her out!”
	The bodyguards were filled with puzzlement but once they heard Jonathan’s order, they quickly executed it.
	Claudia gave them a slap.
	“Who dares to treat me rudely? I’m the hostess of the castle!”
	Everyone frowned and shook their heads after hearing her words, thinking that she was crazy.
	Claudia raised her hands and pointed directly at Angelia.
	“She is not a member of the Hunks!”
	“She is not Claudia! I’m instead!”
	She shrieked loudly and this made everyone silent.
	Her voice was still audible in the air, even the molecules in the air were apparently vibrating.
	There was a pin drop silence.
	Jonathan’s brow became tighter and tighter.
	He secretly clenched his hand into a fist and frightened thoughts raced through his mind.
	He was told subconsciously that he should quickly chase out the person in front of him.
	But after a moment of silence, he spoke, “Explain it clearly.”
	He gritted his teeth.
	“If you dare to utter one wrong word, any single word, I’ll make you pay more than you can imagine!”
	Claudia smiled triumphantly after hearing his words. She struggled and freed herself from the bodyguards’ control.
	She took a glance at Angelia. Her lips grinned but there was intense hatred in her eyes!
	“Jonathan, aren’t you even a little curious?”
	“The person in front of you whom you recognize as your wife is not related to the Hunks at all. Moreover, haven’t you noticed that she is completely different from the results of your original investigation?”
	“I remember that there was no picture on the profile in your first investigation.”
	A frown creased Jonathan’s forehead when he heard this.
	He had suspected this before too, so later he had asked someone to re-investigate.
	“The first time was not true, but why the second time…”
	“That’s because of my father, Randall Hunk! He altered everything that you investigated and replaced all my pictures with her pictures!”
	Jonathan’s eyes sank. He stared at Claudia in a dark mood.
	Everyone who was in the living room frowned.
	Claudia sneered and continued saying, “You didn’t expect it right, I had actually run away from the wedding on the wedding day. And this person in front of us!”
	She pointed sharply at Angelia.
	“You think that this person is your wife but she is actually a thief who has intruded into the Hunks! She stole things from the Hunks and even tried to replace me!”
	With a heart thumping wildly against his chest, Jonathan stayed rooted to the ground.
	He suddenly remembered the words said by Angelia on the wedding night…
	Everyone was astounded. They gazed at Angelia, waiting for her to retort.
	But even after they had waited for a few seconds, Angelia still did not say a word.
	Her hands were placed at the back while her face turned as white as a sheet. Her body was also quivering.
	Seeing her reacting in this way, everyone revealed unbelievable expressions again.
	Could it be that what Claudia had said was true?
	Claudia looked at everyone’s faces, feeling satisfactory.
	Since she did not lead a comfortable life recently, she would not let Angelia enjoy life!
	She gritted her teeth and pointed an accusing finger at Angelia.
	“The person whom you thought was your good wife and also being the one you love the most, has been lying to you all the way! If she didn’t make a deal with my father, you think she would keep staying by your side?”
	“Perhaps you should go and ask my father about the deal she had done with him and you will know how much my father actually paid her to play this role well.”
	She glanced at Angelia, curled her lips which were covered by the bright red lipstick and grinned from ear to ear.
	It was like a bloodthirsty smile.
	“She’s such a good actress even you’ve been fooled, so the price should be pretty high, right?”
	Jonathan instantly tensed up his body when he heard these words.
	The hand he placed at the back was clenched into a fist, with veins popping up on the back of his hand.
	“I’ll only listen to your explanation.”
	He suddenly spoke softly, as if he had already used all his strength to finally produce a sound.
	Although his eyes were locked on Claudia, everyone knew that he was asking Angelia.
	Angelia’s body trembled again and her face turned even paler.
	Jonathan said again, “I only believe in you.”
	Angelia opened her mouth but when she was about to say something, Claudia started to snigger.
	“She’s guilt-ridden, so of course she doesn’t dare to utter a word. She never knows what kind of person she actually is, thinking that everyone can…”
	“Shut up!”
	With eyes slightly bloodshot, Jonathan interrupted Claudia in a harsh voice.
	Claudia was so frightened by him as she did not dare to say a word.
	He slowly turned around and looked at Angelia.
	“I just want to hear your explanation.”
	His voice was so light and soft in which Angelia could clearly hear the panic in his tone.
	Angelia did not even dare to look into his eyes.
	She lowered her head slightly and her hands were trembling violently.
	Why was it today?
	Why?
	There was silence in the living room.
	Angelia’s behaviour of choosing to keep silent had indeed proved that the things said by Claudia just now were true.
	Flabbergasted, Steward and Aurelia stared at her.
	They had never expected that the person in front of them had cheated all of them!
	And even fooled Mr. Jonathan…
	Steward turned to look at Jonathan.
	But even it was only a single glance, he was struck and this caused his heart to throb with fear.
	Jonathan’s eyes looked red and were flashing with anger and resentment. His eyes glared at Angelia in front of him desperately.
	In those profound eyes, there were shock, unease, affection and love.
	And the hatred that was beyond description!
	It was indeed a shocking and startling scene.
	However, his movements looked calm. He reached out and lifted her face.
	Making her look at him.
	“Say something!”
	A loud voice like thunder boomed!
Chapter 147 Was It Fun To Lie To Me?
	Angelia shuddered due to her shock.
	She closed her eyes slightly, as tears fell from the corner of her eyes.
	“I’m sorry…”
	Her brief words had put Jonathan into hell in an instant!
	He looked at the person in front of him in disbelief.
	The person he had loved from the bottom of his heart.
	The person which he treasured the most.
	He could not help but think, when he had, for the first time, opened up his heart in acceptance, and put behind the past, holding his heart out to her.
	What had she been thinking inside?
	When he had pleaded lowly for her not to leave, what was her view of him?
	Was it out of ridicule, or was it despise?
	Jonathan’s heart felt like it was being torn apart by a sharp claw, every second was excruciatingly painful.
	His love, what he had given to her.
	At this moment, it had all become the biggest joke on him.
	His eyes were engulfed in pain, as he watched the woman before him.
	Yesterday, she still laid in his arms, and told him that she loved him.
	False! It was all false!
	Jonathan’s features became twisted for a moment, he suddenly rushed forwards and his hand grabbed Angelia’s neck.
	He gritted his teeth, as he tightened his grip bit by bit.
	“Everyone in this world could deceive me, only you cannot!”
	He looked at the fragile neck in his hand.
	Such a frail person.
	A person who looked so innocent, yet had hidden such malicious intentions!
	He tightened his grip in an instant, grasping her throat.
	“Only you cannot.”
	Angelia’s face was pale, she could not even bring herself to look at Jonathan.
	She closed her eyes, tears kept falling from the corner of her eyes.
	Her throat was in a deadlock, the oxygen in her circulation was sucked out bit by bit.
	Angelia frowned, she felt the great pain out of her lungs being deprived of oxygen.
	He would kill her…
	If her death would lessen Jonathan’s pain…
	The butler and the cook rushed forwards at this moment, and held back the furious Jonathan.
	“Sir, please calm down!”
	“Sir, anything can be solved calmly, please don’t do this.”
	Jonathan grasped Angelia’s throat in a dead grip, if he had put more force onto his hand, the person in front of him would die forever.
	Just like those who had betrayed him and sold him out before.
	But why?
	His heart was in pain?
	He never knew, that a person’s heart could go through such pain.
	He even had the thought, that he was already dead.
	The butler pulled his hand away quickly, and rescued Angelia.
	Angelia breathed in the fresh air by gulps, tears could not stop falling from her eyes.
	It was only now that she dared to raise her head, as she looked at Jonathan.
	She only took one look, but her insides ached as if they were smashed together.
	She was not afraid of Jonathan being angry, not of him unleashing his fury, even if he wanted to lock her inside the small dark room, it was alright to her.
	However…
	Please don’t be sad.
	Angelia’s breath hitched.
	“Jonathan…”
	She called lightly.
	But Jonathan turned his head and refused to see her.
	Yet Claudia who was beside laughed heartily at this moment.
	“Did you see this? It is I who is Claudia Hunk, the real Mrs Miller! This person is an impostor!”
	She pointed at Angelia and scolded!
	“You all have treated an impostor as a treasure!”
	As she was saying, Jonathan suddenly turned his head, and glared at her furiously, cold as ice.
	“Bring this Miss Hunk out!”
	The bodyguards who were shocked by the series of events came to their senses hurriedly, and came forward to grasp Claudia.
	Claudia stared at him in disbelief.
	“Jonathan! I’m the one who’s your wife! Me! What are you trying to do? I’m the master here, no one can touch me!”:
	She shrieked, but Jonathan’s eyes were ice cold.
	Claudia began to struggle crazily, but she could not overcome the strength of a few bodyguards, and was brought outside quickly.
	There were only four left in the living room.
	The butler and the cook shielded Angelia behind their back, and looked at Jonathan with vigilance.
	“Sir, you…”
	“Step aside.” Jonathan replied.
	His cold tone made even the air freeze instantly.
	The butler frowned, looking at him worriedly.
	“Sir, Miss must have her reasons.”
	Jonathan’s gaze sharpened.
	“I said, step aside.”
	The butler was shaken and shuddered by the murderous tone in his voice.
	Angelia came out from behind the butler and said slowly, “All of this is my fault, please don’t make things difficult for the butler.”
	The corner of Jonathan’s mouth instantly curved a little.
	“Of course this is your fault!”
	He said with his teeth gritted, but his gaze slowly calmed down.
	During this period of time, his emotions which came on bit by bit, was instantly washed away.
	There was nothing left..
	“You can leave first.”
	He said in a calm tone.
	The butler was worried that the incident just now would happen again.
	“Sir, you don’t…”
	“Leave!” Jonathan roared.
	The butler and the cook took one look at each other, and could only turn and leave.
	Only Angelia and Jonathan were left in the vast living room.
	Silence.
	Even the air became stagnant.
	But Angelia’s heart became heavier and heavier, with no end in sight.
	“You have been lying to me from the start?” Jonathan said slowly.
	Angelia bit her bottom lip and nodded silently.
	Jonathan laughed lightly.
	“Was it fun?”
	Angelia’s heart stopped.
	She wanted to open her mouth to explain, but what could she say?
	From the very start, she had been deceiving.
	Jonathan took a step forward, he reached over and lifted Angelia’s face, his movement was so light that it was horrifying.
	“You were really good at camouflage. Watching as I opened up my heart, watching as I voluntarily exposed my own flaws before you, was it fun? Are you satisfied?”
	Once again, tears flowed out of her eyes.
	Angelia shook her head.
	“No, it wasn’t like that…”
	But nothing moved in Jonathan’s eyes, they were like a pool of dead water.
	His finger slowly caressed Angelia’s forehead, her curved brows, her cheek…
	“Name, identity, even every word you said… what else have you not lied to me?”
	“I did lie to you, but only a little… only a little…”
	Angelia caught his hand, and lifted it, as she gazed into Jonathan’s eyes.
	“I like you, I want to be your wife…”
	“Ha.”
	Jonathan laughed. “It does feel good being Mrs Miller?”
	“No…”
	Angelia shook her head. “It’s not what I meant, I really…”
	“Did you think that I would still believe you?”
	Jonathan’s eyes shone with hardness, as he grabbed Angelia’s chin.
	“I don’t believe any word you’re saying now!”
	“You said… you would trust me.”
	Pain flashed through the bottom of Jonathan’s eyes, and was drowned in fury quickly.
	“I was wrong, wrong in having trusted you!”
	He flung Angelia away with force.
	Angelia was unbalanced and fell directly onto the floor.
	Jonathan lowered his gaze, looking at her from above.
	As if he was looking at an ant.
	“Are you all very happy? To have conned me so easily? Now that you have done the first step, what next do you want from me?”
	“The castle? The company? Or my life?”
Chapter 148 I’m Sorry, Jonathan
	Angelia shook her head, tears flowed down freely.
	“No, no…”
	Jonathan looked at the tears on her face, the hands he put behind his back slowly tightened into a fist.
	Even as he knew the woman before him had lied to him.
	But seeing the tears on her face, he could not help but want to wipe it off for her, and to bring her into his arms.
	Jonathan laughed bitterly.
	He never knew, that he could sink this low!
	Even if he was lied to, even as his heart was trodden to the ground, he could not help but get closer…
	He took a step back, as if only by this way, he could suppress the urge in his heart.
	“I’ll never let you get what you want.”
	Jonathan said and he move forward suddenly, and pulled Angelia from the floor, as he pulled her roughly up the stairs, and threw her into the room.
	Angelia fell on the carpet.
	Only a few days ago, they had been close together in this very bedroom.
	But now, there was no more love in Jonathan’s eyes.
	He stood at the doorway with his back against the light, the expression on his face could not be seen clearly, his figure especially tall.
	“I won’t kill you, I won’t let you die this easily…”
	He turned to leave after he finished these words.
	He stopped after he took a step.
	“Right, I want to thank you too, for my birthday gift today.”
	Angelia’s eyes widened.
	No!
	This was not the gift she wanted to give Jonathan!
	No.
	“Angelia…” She said lightly, “I wanted to tell you, that my name is Angelia.”
	For many times, when she heard Jonathan calling her by the name of ‘Claudia’, she was always afraid.
	She hoped badly, that one day, she would hear her own name from Jonathan’s lips.
	Jonathan stunned in his footsteps.
	“I’m not interested.”
	Then he slammed the door and left.
	The sound of the door slamming was still humming in the sealed room.
	Angelia sat on the floor, and she slowly curled into a ball.
	She took out the gift box that she prepared for Jonathan, and opened it, there was a exquisite recording pen in the white box, with a ribbon tied to it.
	She pressed “Play”, and Angelia’s soft voice came out of it.
	“Jonathan, I like you. I want to be by your side every day after. I want to give you my blessings on your every birthday.”
	I want to be together with you after many years, be by your side when you were old.”
	“As the seasons pass, maybe people around you would come and go, but I will always be by your side.”
	“I love you, Jonathan. Happy birthday.”
	There was no light in the room.
	Moonlight spilled into the room through the windows, the breeze blew up the white curtains, swaying lightly.
	Angelia sat on the floor and cried.
	“Sorry.”
	“I’m sorry, Jonathan…”
	She said again and again.
	But no one heard her.
	The door of the room was locked from the outside, Angelia did not even have the chance to get out.
	She stood in front of the windows, the third floor here was over ten metres tall…
	Jonathan wanted to keep her here in a deadlock.
	After waiting for a whole day, there was finally a knock on the door of the room.
	Angelia turned, she rushed to the door hurriedly.
	“Jonathan?”
	There was a moment of silence outside, then the butler’s voice sounded.
	“It’s me, Miss.”
	Angelia’s heart sunk instantly.
	The butler continued outside the door, “Miss, I told the cook to make you something, I’ll send it up after a while.”
	Angelia’s lips thinned.
	She had not eaten anything for a day, yet she felt nothing at all.
	“Where’s… Jonathan? Is he here?”
	“Sir has gone into the office this morning, and is still not back until now.”
	Angelia moved closer, and said, “I want to see him, butler, can you ask Jonathan to come?”
	The butler was silent for a while outside the door.
	“Miss, you shouldn’t have lied to sir, the thing that he hates the most was being lied to.”
	Angelia stunned.
	“I know… he told me…”
	Jonathan once said, that he had no other requests, the only thing was that never lie to him.
	But she lied to him.
	From the first day they met.
	The butler heard her words from outside the door and sighed lightly.
	“Miss, do you know why sir never liked his own birthday?”
	Angelia listened silently, but inside she felt uneasy.
	The butler continued. “Sir’s mother was murdered on the day of his birthday.”
	Angelia’s entire body shuddered, she almost could not stand straight as she fell forwards and leaned on the door.
	“I have been with him for twelve years, it is the first time that I’ve seen him smiled on the day of his birthday.”
	“I didn’t know…”
	Angelia leaned on the door, her heart felt like it was grasped by a hand, and it was so painful that she could not breathe.
	No wonder Jonathan was not feeling right today.
	No wonder the entire castle was cautious today.
	Jonathan had just escaped from the doom that was his past with difficulty and had finally found closure…
	But she had ruined it herself.
	What had she done…
	The butler heard the sobs from inside the door and sighed.
	“I’ll tell him about it when sir comes back, if he wanted to come see you.”
	Thank you…”
	The butler was silent for a while, and turned his head again just as he was about to leave.
	“Miss, please don’t make him sad anymore.”
	At late night, Jonathan’s car finally stopped in front of the castle.
	The driver sat trembling with fear, looking nowhere else, he did not even dare to look at Jonathan who was sitting in the back.
	Sir was like a different person ever since yesterday.
	He became even colder and even crueler than before.
	Merely one look would scare the wits out of a person.
	Jonathan’s expression was stone cold, he had just got out of the car when the butler approached him.
	He observed Jonathan’s expression carefully, just like ice cold.
	The butler thought of Angelia’s sobs from the other side of the door, and summoned up his courage as he came forward.
	“Sir, miss…”
	Just as he opened his mouth, Jonathan stopped his footsteps and his entire being radiated with coldness.
	The butler paled, as he said cautiously, “ She said she wanted to see you.”
	“I don’t want to see her.”
	Having said that, Jonathan walked inside quickly.
	The butler stood there still, as he frowned in sorrow.
	It was not that he did not want to help, but he really could not.
	Angelia stood before the windows and watched as Jonathan’s car returned, waiting for him to come for herself.
	But she waited for an hour, two hours…
	Yet nothing happened.
	“He did not wish to even see me?”
	Angelia laughed bitterly, and sat down.
	The night was getting darker.
	Jonathan sat in his study, he did not even dare to rest.
	Because once he closed his eyes, Angelia’s face would appear before his eyes.
	The moments of the two together had become the greatest irony now.
	Even this study…
	Jonathan lifted his head, and looked around, as his gaze landed on the small desk beside.
	There have been many times when he was working, Angelia would sit there, once he raised his head, he would see her.
	His mind could not help but recall these moments.
Chapter 149 You Are Not Worthy
	Jonathan's brow furrowed tightly and his expression became more fierce.
	Now he was still thinking about that woman!
	He raised his hand and smashed his fist on the table. The solid wood table made a loud bang.
	But Jonathan didn't seem to feel it at all.
	He pressed the phone on the table and dialed a number and called Steward in.
	"Sir, what can I do for you?"
	Jonathan pointed to the small desk in the study.
	"Throw it out," he ordered coldly. "Throw out everything related to her in this room!"
	Steward looked at Jonathan and frowned.
	"Yes, sir."
	The bodyguard was quickly called in and removed the desk from the room.
	As Jonathan had expected, everything related to Angelia was thrown out.
	Looking at the room which suddenly became empty, Jonathan didn't calm down.
	He stood there and was silent for a while before turning around and walking towards Angelia's room.
	Angelia sat on the ground, her eyes blank.
	Jonathan's eyes which mixed with anger and grief came to her mind again, which caused her unbearable again and again.
	She didn't know how long it had taken. The door squeaked.
	The locked door was slowly opened.
	She turned her head, faced the light, and saw Jonathan's strong figure standing in the doorway.
	"You want to see me?" A low voice was heard at the same time.
	"Jonathan?"
	Angelia called him, her voice soft as if she was worried that everything in front of her was an illusion. If she was not careful, everything would be broken.
	Jonathan raised his foot and walked in, his voice cold and calm, without a trace of emotion.
	"Why do you want to see me? You want to plead with me? Repent? Weeping about your grievances and pain?"
	He spoke word by word until he walked up to Angelia and looked at her condescendingly.
	"You can try and see if I will believe you and pity you."
	Angelia thought about countless things she wanted to say to Jonathan during this period, but at this moment, she couldn't utter a word.
	She opened her mouth, but only called out his name.
	"Jonathan..."
	But there was an unconcealed disgust in Jonathan's eyes.
	"Don't call my name. You are not worthy."
	Angelia's body trembled and her head slowly lowered.
	Jonathan saw the pain on her face and almost reached out his hand again.
	He frowned and became a little irritated by his thoughts.
	"Just say what you want to say. My time is precious."
	Angelia clenched her fist and said, "When will you let me out..."
	"Impossible!"
	Jonathan sternly refused!
	"Do you think I will let you go after you did those things?"
	"You wish!"
	Angelia closed her eyes.
	Every word of Jonathan was like a needle piercing her heart...
	The wound was invisible, but the pain was so unbearable.
	She raised her hand and clenched the photo necklace hanging around her neck.
	Only in this way could she feel better.
	Jonathan saw her movement. His eyes fell on the necklace and narrowed. A cold light appeared!
	He rushed forward and reached out to pull the necklace around her neck.
	"You don't deserve to wear this!"
	Angelia was frightened and her face went pale. She hurriedly covered the necklace around her neck and quickly stepped back.
	"No! You gave it to me!"
	She held it preciously, not allowing Jonathan to snatch it away.
	This was her last thing.
	"You gave it to me..."
	Every word she said, in Jonathan's view, was an irony to himself!
	He even gave his most precious necklace to the woman in front of him!
	His hand stopped and slowly clenched into a fist.
	"In that case, you can take it."
	As Angelia heard that, she looked up at him in surprise.
	Before she could feel pleased, Jonathan continued, "I don't want to see anything you have touched."
	After speaking, he turned around and swept Angelia indifferently, leaving without stopping for a second.
	Angelia watched him slowly leave. The door closed again, keeping his back from inside inch by inch.
	She released her hand slightly and looked at the photo necklace in her palm.
	It was a heart-shaped silver hollow necklace. As long as she opened the concealed clasp, a photo of Angelia and Jonathan would come into view.
	In the photo, Angelia had a slight smile on her face, and her eyes were full of happiness.
	She looked at the camera, but Jonathan beside her kept gazing at her.
	Those eyes were obviously full of affection...
	"You gave it to me."
	Angelia said to Jonathan in the photo, "This is the only thing I can keep."
	Steward watched that all the things in the house related to Angelia were thrown out, which was ordered by the Jonathan.
	The old castle, which they had lived in for more than ten years, seemed to suddenly become empty.
	He got used to the cold in the house and the aloofness of Jonathan before. But after experiencing the bustle and seeing how gentle the smile on Jonathan's face was, it was even more unbearable to return to the life they had before.
	Aurelia sighed and brought out the food to Steward.
	"Be careful, don't be seen by Mr. Miller."
	Steward nodded and walked upstairs with the plate.
	Cassius hadn't seen his precious apprentice for a week.
	Even if something happened last time, he temporarily allowed her to take a few days off, but after so many days, there was no news from her.
	He also asked Martin and found that they were both in the same situation. They couldn't contact Angelia and see her.
	The two of them suddenly became a little uneasy. During this period of time, there were frequent incidents, so they hoped that everything could be fine.
	Once the two discussed, they went to the castle in the same day.
	Both of them were big shots with high positions, so they rushed indirectly, passing a few bodyguards.
	Steward quickly stood in front of them.
	"Martin, Cassius, why are you here?"
	Martin looked around and saw no sign of Angelia, and then asked, "Where is Claudia?"
	When Steward heard this, he suddenly panicked.
	"Miss, miss, her..."
	Seeing him hesitating, the two of them frowned.
	"What's the matter with her? Is she sick? What happened?"
	Martin had always liked Angelia and wanted to bring her and his son together.
	But later when he saw that Jonathan treated her well, he dispelled the idea and treated her like his own daughter.
	As soon as they noticed that something might have happened, they couldn't sit still and walked directly upstairs of the castle.
	Instead of stopping him, Cassius rushed along with him.
	He finally received such a satisfactory apprentice, how could he let her suffer?
	The two pushed Steward away and walked upstairs.
	Steward knew he couldn't stop them. The two of them were not ordinary people.
	Maybe if they came forward, they could let Jonathan allow Angelia to go.
Chapter 150 If I Let Her Go, Who Will Let Me Go?
	Steward said, "Mr. Martin, Mr. Lloyd, don't bother. Come with me, I will take you to see her."
	Seeing him suddenly change his attitude, Martin and Cassius glanced at each other and followed closely.
	On the third floor of the castle, he led the two to the door of Angelia's room.
	Martin looked around and said, "Steward, we're looking for Claudia. What are you taking us here for?"
	Steward pointed to the locked door.
	"Ms. Hunk is inside."
	Upon hearing this, the two turned to look.
	A big lock was hung on the door of the room in front of them. The door was locked firmly as if some prisoner was being held...
	Martin's eyes widened, looked at the lock on the door, and then at Steward.
	"You mean, Claudia is locked here?"
	Facing the shocked gazes of the two, Steward nodded slowly.
	"Nonsense!"
	Seeing him confess, Cassius rebuked in a deep voice.
	"It's a person inside! Who did it? Jonathan? Or you?"
	Steward was frightened by his words and waved quickly.
	"It's not me. Not me, how dare I keep Ms. Hunk?"
	"Then it's Jonathan?"
	Steward didn't speak. Martin and Cassius had already figured it out by then.
	Both of them walked to the door and looked at the lock on it with a dark face.
	"Open the door!"
	Cassius groaned dissatisfiedly.
	But without Jonathan's permission, how dare Steward open the door?
	Martin flew into a rage.
	"It's a person inside! It's Jonathan's wife!"
	Cassius didn't bother to talk to him. He snatched the key from his hand, stepped forward, and opened the door.
	As soon as the bedroom door was opened, the people inside turned her head at the same time.
	Martin and Cassius saw Angelia sitting on the ground, gasped with distress, and became even more angry with Jonathan.
	"Damn! Jonathan! Who does he think he is? How dare he treat others this way!"
	"Claudia, are you okay?"
	"Come, let's take you out. You don't need to stay here. Let's go to my house."
	"Jonathan doesn't care about you! There are so many other people caring about you."
	Martin walked over and held Angelia up on the ground.
	Angelia looked at the two people in front of her.
	"Martin, Cassius, why are you here?"
	Cassius stared at his precious apprentice with wide eyes.
	"If we don't come, you will be locked up here by Jonathan forever!"
	He said, pulling Angelia out.
	"I said long ago, Jonathan is not a decent man. You won't listen. Do you know now?"
	"Claudia, don't be afraid, we are all on your side."
	"A man who treats his wife this way can still be a decent man?"
	The two cursed while holding Angelia out.
	Angelia looked at them doubtfully, but struggled to get up.
	"Martin, don't do this. I can't go yet."
	Martin turned his head.
	"You can't? What are you doing here if you don't leave? Jonathan is simply not a human being!"
	He had just finished cursing. A low voice came from the stairs behind him.
	"Martin."
	Jonathan's voice was filled with unnoticed anger.
	As soon as he heard that Martin and Cassius had broken into the castle, he hurried back.
	They really wanted to take her away.
	Jonathan's gaze was fixed on Angelia for a moment, then moved away expressionlessly.
	As Martin saw him appear, he didn't only not have any guilty conscience, but even became more assertive.
	"You came just right! I remember you promised me that you would treat Claudia well. What's going on now?"
	"Look what you just did! Does anyone treat his wife like this?"
	Jonathan raised his foot and walked up slowly from downstairs.
	He fixed his eyes on Angelia, making her lower her head nervously.
	Suddenly, Jonathan sneered.
	"My wife? Martin, maybe you should ask if she really is my wife."
	Martin and Cassius were confused by his words.
	"Why is Claudia not your wife?"
	"Huh, Claudia Hunk?"
	Jonathan's eyes turned to Martin and Cassius.
	"You don't even know her name. Is she Claudia Hunk?"
	He looked at Angelia. "Tell them yourself. Who are you?"
	Angelia bit her lower lip, facing the questioning look of Martin and Cassius but she failed to utter a word.
	Jonathan said, "You don't want to say it, right? Then I will help you!"
	"The person in front of you is not Claudia Hunk at all. She is just a substitute. After trading with Randall Hunk, she replaced Claudia Hunk to make me trust her, right?"
	He raised his head and glanced at Angelia. A faint look made Angelia even more guilty.
	Martin looked at Jonathan in amazement.
	Although Jonathan was arrogant and cruel, he was still upright and wouldn't wrong others for no reason.
	He turned his head and looked at Angelia who was obviously guilty behind him.
	"Claudia, what he said is true?"
	Angelia's head lowered harder, almost buried in her chest.
	"Sorry..."
	When Martin and Cassius heard this, their expressions suddenly became complicated.
	Jonathan sneered at this time, "Now you know why I want to detain her? I am detaining someone who deceived me and betrayed my trust. What's wrong with that?"
	"But…"
	Martin opened his mouth, but didn't know what to say next.
	Angelia wasn't Claudia Hunk, which was enough to shock them.
	People in high positions like them hated deception and betrayal the most, especially betrayed by his own "wife"...
	...
	Jonathan’s feelings for Angelia were not fake, but now...
	If Martin and Cassius were Jonathan when they were young, they might do something more extreme than Jonathan!
	But now, they were aged and had a very thorough view of many things.
	Angelia did deceive Jonathan, but during this time, she didn't do anything to hurt him.
	Besides, every time Angelia looked at Jonathan, the deep affection in her eyes could be seen by anyone with observation.
	Martin let out a sigh.
	"Even so, you can't just lock up people like this. Let her go."
	Jonathan sneered, "Let her go? If I let her go, who will let me go?"
	As he said that, he stepped forward and dragged Angelia to him.
	"She's mine. I can deal with her as I want. No outsider can interfere."
	Cassius was unpleasant, "I am her master!"
	"Cassius, you don't even know her name, so what kind of master are you talking about?"
	"You..."
	Jonathan clutched the woman beside him tightly and gave orders to Steward in a cold voice.
	"See them out!"
	Steward stepped up worriedly.
	"Sir, please go back."
	Martin and Cassius refused to leave and looked at Angelia stubbornly.
	"Claudia, say it yourself, as long as you say a word, we can take you out even if we have to take this place down!"
Chapter 151 You Crazy Man!
	As Angelia heard what they said, she felt more guilty.
	"Sorry."
	She lowered her head deeply.
	"Martin, Master, you can leave. I'll be fine..."
	"Claudia!"
	Martin yelled helplessly, even trying to rush over to snatch her over.
	Cassius pulled him at this moment.
	"Forget it, let's go."
	Martin was taken aback. "How could you!"
	"This is her own choice."
	After saying that, Cassius took the lead and walked outside.
	Martin looked at his back, then at Angelia, gritting his teeth finally.
	"Claudia, just remember. I will help you with anything!"
	After speaking, he sighed and walked out.
	When everyone left, Jonathan turned his head, his face gloomier than before.
	He directly pulled Angelia and locked her back into the room.
	"No one can let her out without my permission!"
	Steward who was standing behind him nodded.
	"Yes, sir."
	Angelia looked at the people outside.
	"Jonathan, how long do you want to lock me up?"
	Jonathan's eyes were as cold as frost.
	"Lock until you die!"
	After speaking, he closed the door with a bang and turned to leave.
	After he left, Steward stood outside the door and whispered, "Perhaps it will be fine when Mr. Miller comes around."
	Angelia gave a wry smile and said softly, "Thank you, Steward."
	With the departure of Martin and Cassius, Angelia had not shown up, which made everyone confused.
	In two days, Echo came to Jonathan's company.
	He stood in the office of the president on the top floor, looking at Jonathan sitting behind his desk.
	"What did you do to her?"
	"She?"
	Jonathan asked back, "Do you mean Angelia Wilson or Claudia Hunk?"
	Upon hearing these words, Echo Bello's face suddenly changed.
	"When did you know?"
	Before Jonathan could answer, he rushed over.
	If Jonathan found out the true identity of Angelia, he would certainly not let her go easily.
	He put his hands on the desk and approached Jonathan.
	"What did you do to her?"
	Jonathan looked at him coldly.
	"It seems that you knew it a long time ago. Or, you and she are in the same boat."
	Thinking about it in this way, Jonathan thought it could explain why the relationship between the two was unusual.
	Jonathan's eyes became darker.
	Echo frowned.
	"Hurry up and let Angelia out!"
	...
	"Angelia." This intimate address made Jonathan feel angry.
	He darkened his face and said coldly, "This may not be something you should take care of. Now that she has become a part of the Millers, she is my wife. What I want to do has nothing to do with you."
	"You bastard!"
	Echo rushed forward, raising his fist to hit Jonathan.
	Jonathan's eyes were cold. Instead of avoiding him, he went straight up and punched towards Echo.
	In the office on the top floor of the group, the two men fought fiercely.
	One of them was the ruthless and powerful group president. The other one was Echo, who was popular in the country and the dream lover in countless people's hearts.
	At this time, the two of them fought violently.
	Soon, both of them were injured.
	Echo Bello's eyes were slightly red. He gritted his teeth and looked at Jonathan in front of him.
	"As long as you let her go, I can agree to any of your requests."
	Jonathan sneered.
	"Would you do anything to that woman?"
	Echo nodded.
	"Yes."
	Jonathan looked at him with a cold light in his eyes.
	"Impossible. I will let her taste the price she can't imagine and make her regret it!"
	Echo frowned.
	"You crazy man!"
	Jonathan was not angry, but laughed instead.
	"I'm a crazy man. If anyone provokes this lunatic, no one can escape."
	After saying that, he directly dialed the phone on the table, letting Truman come in to take Echo away.
	When Truman opened the door and walked in, he saw a mess all over the floor.
	All things related to Angelia in the office had been taken away. The office that looked a bit more cozy before was now cold.
	There were a lot of things scattered on the ground, including papers and pens.
	At this time, Echo and Jonathan standing inside, both with injuries, seemed to have a fierce fight.
	He looked at Jonathan in shock and couldn't imagine that Johnnathan rage courageous, relentless chill Jonathan and others will actually fight.
	Jonathan's face was so gloomy that he had to be careful.
	Truman walked up to Echo.
	"Sir, please leave."
	Echo turned his head to look at Jonathan, pointing to him and saying word by word.
	"I won't let you hurt Angelia a bit! I will take her away."
	After saying that, despite Jonathan's face turning darker, he turned and walked directly in.
	As soon as he left, Jonathan stood there, not moving.
	Echo's words sounded in his ears again.
	Jonathan clenched his fists.
	Did that woman still want to escape?
	You wish!
	His face was getting darker and darker as if he was going to eat people!
	The next second, Jonathan opened the door, left the company and returned to the castle.
	Steward didn't expect that he would come back suddenly at this time and worried that something might happen, so he hurried over.
	"Sir, what can I do for you?"
	Jonathan's face was even darker than when he went out before. His eyes were so red.
	He didn't answer Steward's words and walked directly to the study on the third floor.
	Steward followed closely.
	As he was walking in, Jonathan suddenly ordered.
	"Go and bring her to me."
	Steward froze for a moment, then suddenly came to his senses.
	"Yes. I'll go right away."
	After speaking, he quickly turned around and went to the bedroom to bring Angelia out.
	"Mr. Miller's mood is not very good."
	He said to Angelia with a worried look, "But since he wants to see you, it's an opportunity. As long as you say something nice, maybe he will let you go."
	Angelia didn't have much hope for this.
	She gave a wry smile.
	"I see, thank you, Steward."
	When she reached the door of the study, Angelia took a deep breath, raised her hand to knock on the door, then opened the door and walked in.
	In the huge study room, Angelia saw that her things had disappeared completely as if she had never been here before.
	Angelia felt cold.
	Was Jonathan trying to completely obliterate her existence?
	She raised her head and looked at the man sitting behind the table.
	The light in the room was a little dim. Jonathan was sitting in the dark. Although she couldn't see his face clearly, the unusually fierce gaze fell on her clearly.
	This situation reminded Angelia that when she came to the castle on the first day, she was also in this study.
Chapter 152 You Make Me Sick
	"Come here." Jonathan said suddenly.
	The same words made Angelia feel that she was in a trance.
	After hesitating for a moment, she walked up.
	As she approached, Jonathan's face slowly became clear.
	He stared at Angelia's eyes as if aiming at a prey. He didn't seem that he wanted to conquer but he wanted to tear her apart, which made her flustered.
	As she just got a little closer, Jonathan suddenly reached out and pulled her over.
	"You really want to get out of here?" He asked.
	Angelia was taken aback by his question, fell silent, and nodded honestly.
	She thought she was going to be ridiculed by Jonathan.
	But unexpectedly, he said, "Then please me."
	Angelia opened her eyes wide and looked at him in surprise.
	Jonathan curved his lips slightly and gave a sarcastic smile.
	His dark eyes were so cold, but Angelia could clearly see that there was no emotion in his eyes.
	He slowly said, "Kiss me and use what you learned before. Maybe if I am happy, I will agree to let you out of the house."
	Angelia hesitated.
	Looking at Jonathan in front of her, she stood still, her teeth biting her lower lip. Angelia lowered her head and said nothing.
	Jonathan looked even gloomier when he saw her face. And a trace of pain quickly flashed in his eyes.
	But soon, it was covered by rage again.
	"You don't want to? Aren't you so good at it before? Now you don't want to fake it because you're exposed?"
	...
	"No..." Angelia shook her head.
	She just didn't want the kiss to feel like hatred.
	She would rather stay in the past, keeping a good memory of Jonathan.
	But Jonathan couldn't understand how she felt at this time.
	Seeing that Angelia didn't want to do it, he pulled her hand and pressed her down in spite of her unwillingness.
	He pinched her chin with one hand and look straight at her.
	There was a sneer at the corner of his mouth.
	"Just like what you did before, what you could do before is so good, why not do it now?"
	Angelia looked at Jonathan who was close to her.
	The extremely handsome facial features were filled with anger and hatred.
	She had reckoned before that Jonathan would hate her and blame her, and she thought she was already prepared for this.
	But when the facts were really shown before her eyes, she only felt a tearing pain in her heart.
	Angelia's lips trembled slowly. Her face started to turn pale.
	In just a few days, she had been tortured so much that she looked haggard.
	She looked at Jonathan in front of her almost religiously, leaned forward slightly, closed her eyes and left a light kiss on the corner of his mouth.
	Her long eyelashes quivered restlessly, like two butterflies about to dance.
	Jonathan sat motionless in the chair on the spot. Even the expression on his face did not change at all.
	With a light kiss, Angelia stepped back slightly.
	Jonathan's eyes became sharp instantly.
	"Disgusting."
	He spoke blandly and commented.
	Angelia's body trembled, almost shrinking into a ball.
	Jonathan looked at her coldly and stood up.
	"It seems that you really do everything to achieve your own goals."
	He took off the handkerchief placed on his suit and wiped the corner of his mouth that was kissed by Angelia just now, as if avoiding some virus.
	Throwing the handkerchief directly on the ground, Jonathan squinted at Angelia.
	"Okay, then I will fulfill your wish."
	After speaking that, he turned around and left the study without looking back.
	Angelia's legs buckled. She stepped back, leaning on the desk and supporting her body.
	In the afternoon, Steward came to tell Angelia.
	Jonathan had ordered that she didn't need to be kept in the study. Although she could walk around, but she couldn't leave the castle.
	After listening to the Steward, Angelia gave a wry smile.
	Jonathan just extended the cage that held her. She was still locked here without seeing a way out.
	Steward saw her sadness and also felt depressed for her.
	"Miss, since Mr. Miller can take a step back, one day, he will definitely let you go."
	Angelia's lips twitched, barely showing a smile, but it was worse than crying.
	During this period, she became thiner and thiner quickly. Her face was so pale and she looked extremely haggard.
	When Aurelia heard that Angelia could come out, she immediately made something to nourish her body, but Angelia couldn't eat it at all.
	Looking at the empty castle in front of her, Angelia's heart was cold.
	Since she was released out of the room, Jonathan had not returned home for two days.
	Angelia sat by the window, rubbing the cup with her fingers.
	Since he hated her so much, why did he insist on letting her live here?
	Angelia's eyes were bland. She turned to look at Steward.
	"How are the Hunks and Claudia Hunk now?"
	As Steward heard this, he replied, "Since that day, Mr. Miller's actions to the Hunks has become more intense."
	Only a few days later, the Hunks had fallen apart and declared bankruptcy.
	Claudia was also suspected of being involved in arson and murder, and she was wanted now.
	However, Claudia seemed to have noticed something a long time ago and ran away in advance, so no one could find her yet.
	All the previous properties of the Hunks were annexed by Jonathan.
	Because of this massive annexation, the industries under the name of M. I Group expanded rapidly.
	But Steward could see that Jonathan was not happy about it, but he was becoming more and more depressed.
	Angelia was not surprised when she knew it.
	She should have known long ago what the fate of trying to deceive Jonathan was.
	He made the Hunks live in hell. What about her?
	Next, how would Jonathan deal with her?
	...
	That night, Angelia was sitting in the living room. For these two days, she had been sitting in the living room in order to see Jonathan, waiting until the early morning of the next day.
	The hour hand on the wall slowly pointed to "1" and Angelia stood up.
	Just when she thought she could not wait for him to come back today, the sound of the engine suddenly came from outside. Two lights flickered through the house.
	Angelia stood up quickly and walked outside.
	As she walked, she carefully went through what she had wanted to say these days.
	But before walking out of the house, Angelia stopped abruptly.
	As the black sports car stopped slowly, the car door opened. Jonathan and a woman got out of the car.
	The woman was wearing heavy makeup, wrapped in a red dress with enchanting features and a curvy figure.
	She clung to Jonathan tightly, holding his hands with a smile.
	"Mr. Miller, I've heard about this old castle a long time ago, but I didn't expect to see it with my own eyes today."
	There was a flattering smile on her face, but Jonathan had no expression.
	He frowned slightly as if he was unhappy.
	He was about to raise his hand to push her away. But when he raised his head, he suddenly saw Angelia standing inside the house.
	Looking at her for a moment, Jonathan immediately stretched out his hand, held the woman beside him into his arms, and walked inside the house.
Chapter 153 New Love and Old Love
	The two directly walked past Angelia as if they didn't see her at all.
	The woman was ecstatic and pleased Jonathan more enthusiastically.
	Jonathan was notoriously aloof, cold-blooded and ruthless, and had never had an intimate relationship with anyone.
	Even if a woman took the initiative to show her affection to him, she would be thrown out directly by him without showing any respect.
	After getting married, everything he did made people think that he was completely infatuated with his wife.
	But they didn't expect the good times would not last long. After only a few days, the new lover before had become the old one.
	Thinking of this, the woman glanced at Angelia who was standing by the door, her eyes showing a touch of pride.
	But if the woman in front of her didn't make a mistake, how could she stay by Jonathan's side?
	Thinking about it this way, the smile on the woman's face was even brighter. She leaned on Jonathan's shoulder and walked inside.
	Angelia suppressed the pain in her heart and took a few steps forward.
	"Jonathan, I have something to say to you."
	Jonathan didn't stop or look back at her.
	...
	"I don't want to listen." Angelia bit her lower lip and watched Jonathan lead the woman directly into her bedroom and close the door.
	She stood there and waited for a long time, but no one came out.
	Angelia twitched her lips and tried to force a smile but failed and almost cried.
	It seemed that a big hole had been broken in her heart. And the cold wind kept pouring in from outside, making her whole body cold.
	After standing for a while, she finally turned around slowly and returned to her room.
	...
	In Jonathan's bedroom, as soon as she walked in, the woman put her hands softly around Jonathan's neck.
	Pressing against his chest, she said sweetly, "Mr Miller, I..."
Chapter 154 That Woman
	Lottie heard Jonathan’s cold words and her smile froze. She walked to him and held his hands.
	“You haven’t contact me for two days and I miss you very much.”
	Jonathan frowned and he was going to push her away.
	But when he saw Angelia standing at the door at this time, he changed his mind and held Lottie’s waist incidentally.
	He stared at Angelia and gently spoke to Lottie.
	“Since you have waited me for a long time, let’s come in together.”
	“Well”
	Lottie cleverly leaned against Jonathan and walked in with him.
	When they passed by Angelia, Jonathan didn’t look at Angelia as before and went straight into the living room.
	Angelia walked behind them and saw Jonathan held Lottie’s hands.
	She hesitated for a while and said, “Jonathan, I have something to talk with you alone.”
	Jonathan seemed he didn’t hear her words at all and turned to chat with Lottie.
	“Why do you come here today?”
	Lottie happily took him by the hand.
	“You have worked overtime for several days and I worry about you. So I make the stew for you to supplement nutrition.”
	She looked around and didn’t find the servant. She saw Angelia at this time.
	“Angelia, could you please go to the kitchen and bring the soup?”
	Angelia didn’t move and turned to look at Jonathan.
	Jonathan still didn’t look at her as if she was not here.
	‘It seems he won’t talk to me.’
	Angelia tried to smile and nodded.
	“Ok”
	Lottie smiled with satisfaction and said, “Remember to be careful. I have spent few hours in stewing.”
	Angelia walked into the kitchen.
	Aurelia saw her and asked, “Does Mr. Jonathan come back?”
	Angelia nodded.
	“I help Lottie take the stew out.”
	“Does she ask you to do it?”
	Aurelia frowned and said, “Who is she? Does she really think here is her home?”
	Angelia didn’t say anything.
	“Miss Angelia, you can’t always put up with others.”
	Aurelia said and brought the stew heating by fire.
	“Does she say she make the stew? Don’t believe her. I have had the same soup before and she must buy it from the hotel. It is impossible for her to make the stew.”
	“Maybe, but Jonathan believes her.”
	Aurelia heard Angelia words, sighed heavily and handed her the stew.
	Angelia took the stew out and put it in the front of Jonathan.
	Lottie approached Jonathan with satisfaction and took the bowl and spoon and served Jonathan warmly.
	When Lottie opened the lid, Angelia found it was a pot of fish soup.
	Jonathan also saw it and frowned. He didn’t pick up the bowl Lottie handed over.
	Seeing Jonathan’s reluctance, Lottie forced a smile and said, “Jonathan, why don’t you eat? It is delicious.”
	Jonathan didn’t answer her. But Angelia standing behind them knew the reason.
	Because Aurelia told her before that Jonathan didn’t eat fish.
	But…
	Angelia lightly frowned again. She clearly remembered that Jonathan would eat the fish soup she made every time.
	She was no longer as calm as before. She stood behind Jonathan and saw the back of him. She was sentimentally attached to him.
	Lottie tried to feed Jonathan and actively took a spoon of soup to his mouth.
	Jonathan actually always paid attention on Angelia. When he smelled the fishy smell, he suddenly frowned and pushed Lottie away.
	Lottie shook her hands and the bowl fell to the ground into two pieces. The fish soup spilled out.
	Lottie looked at the dirty ground and casually ordered Angelia.
	“Angelia, clean up here. I manicure my nails today so I am inconvenient to clean it.”
	Jonathan heard Lottie’s words and he deeply frowned.
	But he was quiet for a while and didn’t say anything finally.
	Angelia walked over and squatted down to pick up the debris.
	When she just reached out her hands, Lottie suddenly called out.
	“Ah! I forget it.”
	Lottie turned to Jonathan and said, “Jonathan, my driver goes back after driving me. It is late now and they may fall asleep.”
	Lottie reached out her hands and held Jonathan’s arm.
	“So could I sleep over at your house?”
	When Angelia heard Lottie’s words, her fingers slightly trembled and were cut out by the broken porcelain accidentally. It was bleeding instantly.
	As soon as Jonathan saw her finger bleeding, he instantly became nervous.
	And he even wanted to rush to her and carefully checked the wound.
	Jonathan firmly stared at Angelia and made a fist. He was trying his best to restrain his thoughts of approaching her.
	Angelia looked at the bleeding finger and she didn’t expect Jonathan to be unresponsive.
	Angelia was depressed. She looked down and continued to pick up the rest of broken porcelain.
	Lottie was stilling pestering Jonathan and shook his hands.
	“Please. Could you agree me to stay here for a night? I have prepared the clothes specially.”
	Jonathan disgustedly frowned. If Angelia was not here at this time, he already pushed the woman in front of him away.
	When Lottie touched him, he felt sick.
	Lottie’s voice made Jonathan have a headache. And seeing Angelia’s bleeding finger, he became more irritable.
	Did she hurt herself on purpose?
	Did she want him to sympathize with her?
	Damn!
	How could he be fooled by her again?
	But he couldn’t help looking at Angelia’s finger.
	Didn’t this woman care about her bleeding finger?
	Did she let it bleed all the time?
	He was angry and looked gloomy.
	“Steward.”
	Finally Jonathan could not bear it and said, “Clean up here.”
	He looked at Angelia and deliberately said, “The room becomes dirty because you are clumsy.”
	After speaking, he turned and took Lottie’s hands, pulling her out.
	“Get out!”
	He threw Lottie out and coldly said.
	Lottie was stunned and didn’t understand why he did so.
	She forced a smile.
	“But the driver goes back. May I stay here tonight?”
	She pitifully said and wanted to pull Jonathan.
	Jonathan frowned.
	“Get out! I don’t want to see you anymore.”
	Lottie surprisingly looked at him and she didn’t expect Jonathan suddenly change his attitude.
	She questioningly asked, “Jonathan, Are you kidding me? We have a good time just now.”
	But Jonathan’s eyes looked cold and she felt afraid.
Chapter 155 The Unexpected Woman
	Jonathan coldly looked at Lottie and raised his voice to order the several bodyguards.
	“She will be not allowed to enter here in the future.
	After speaking, he turned around and returned to the house.
	Lottie blankly stood outside and she still didn’t realize what she had done wrong.
	Why did Jonathan suddenly throw her out?
	The steward looked at the wound on Angelia’s finger. He frowned and was very distressed.
	“Miss Angelia, you can order someone to clean instead of doing it yourself.”
	Angelia shook her head absent-mindedly and didn’t say anything.
	She just wanted to test whether Jonathan really didn’t care about her.
	But she was disappointed and heartbroken finally.
	Jonathan never looked at her.
	His eyes were full of coldness and it seemed that he had no feelings for her at all.
	Maybe she should have given up.
	In the next few days, Anglia didn’t see Lottie anymore.
	And Jonathan also didn’t come back with other woman.
	When she thought Jonathan was already back to normal, an unexpected woman suddenly appeared here.
	Angela stood in front of the French windows. Hearing Angelia’s footsteps, she slowly turned her head.
	She slightly smiled.
	“It has been a long time since we met last time. Angelia.”
	When Angelia saw her, her eyes widened in shock.
	Though the police said Claudia burned the orphanage but Angelia knew that actually Angela was the murder.
	She instructed people to burn the orphanage and the dean also died in fire.
	However, she dared to appear in front of Angelia at this time!
	“Why are you here?”
	Angela smiled and walked over.
	Her face was covered by black chiffon but it could not cover the long wound.
	Angela smiled as she walked.
	“Jonathan brings me back and I also need to thank you.”
	“Because you lie to Jonathan before, he remembers that I am the one he loves.”
	Angelia frowned.
	“You also lie to Jonathan. You are not the one Jonathan is waiting for.”
	Angela burst into laughter.
	“I’m not? You can tell Jonathan the truth. Do you think he will believe you or me?”
	Angelia looked at her and her eyes become cold.
	“I have told you before that you need to pay for what you do.”
	Angela sneered in a disdainful expression.
	“You’d better care about yourself.”
	When Jonathan came back from the company in the evening, Angelia directly blocked him.
	“You know Angela is related to the burning of orphanage and she…”
	“At least she doesn’t lie to me.”
	Jonathan interrupted her.
	Angelia was stunned.
	Jonathan slightly smiled and obviously he was smirking.
	He glanced at Angelia and repeatedly said, “At least she is the one I have waiting for twelve years. No matter how bad she is, she doesn’t lie to me.”
	Angelia was distressed and heartbroken.
	“Angelia lies to you! She is not the one you have waiting for twelve years and she has admitted it.”
	Jonathan coldly looked at her.
	“Do you think I will believe you?”
	Angelia was stunned and bit her lips.
	It was impossible for Jonathan to believe her again.
	Jonathan deeply stared at her.
	“Now I doubt whether you deliberately perform in the matter between you and Angela so as to gain my trust.”
	Angelia heard his words and shook her head in shock.
	“I haven’t…”
	“You know best.”
	Jonathan didn’t look at Angelia and walked in.
	Angela who was in the living room saw him and hurriedly stood up to greet him.
	“Jonathan”
	But Jonathan looked gloomy and he gently pushed Angela’s hands.
	“I have contacted the doctor again and they will heal the wound on your face.”
	Angela nodded and walked behind Jonathan.
	“Jonathan, Could you believe me now? She is the one who hurt my face.”
	Jonathan turned his head slightly but he didn’t dare to look at Angelia. He stood in the center for a while.
	He didn’t answer Angela and turned to go upstairs.
	There were only Angelia and Angela in the living room.
	Angela turned her back to Angelia and she suddenly laughed. It sounded a little scary.
	After a while, she suddenly turned around.
	The fierce gaze fell on Angelia through the black chiffon.
	She stared at Angelia ferociously and walked to her.
	She stood in the front of Angelia and pulled the hair away on her forehead. There was a faint scar on her hairline.
	Seeing the scar, Angela’s expression became distorted.
	Her finger gently ran the wound.
	“I am looking forward who will help you this time.”
	After speaking, she laughed again, turned and walked outside.
	In the next few days, though Angela did not live in the old castle, she was allowed to come and go whenever she wanted.
	Angelia could see Angelia stayed with Jonathan in the old castle nearly every day.
	The steward and Aurelia did not have a good impression of Angela and they still remembered what she did before.
	But they were also confused about Jonathan’s intention.
	Everyone knew Jonathan cared about Angelia very much but he locked up Angelia and was indifferent to her. Instead, he even cared about the woman who harmed Angelia before.
	They were worried about whether Angela would frame Angelia again.
	But Angela didn’t take action in the next days. She came to the old castle on time and met Jonathan.
	In addition, she rarely came to old castle. Though she would meet Angelia by accident, she just treated her as air.
	The same for the next few days, but the steward and Aurelia were worried about it too.
	“Miss Angela hasn’t come yet. Is she planning something else?”
	The steward put the prepared snack in front of Angelia and said.
	“I hear she always goes to the company to find Mr. Jonathan. Now many people are discussing whether they will get back together.”
	He told Angelia the news he heard these days. But Angelia didn’t listen to him.
	She looked at the garden but she seemed to be in a daze.
	She also didn’t eat the snack sent by steward on the table.
	Seeing her, the steward slightly sighed.
