Fall in Love After the Flash Marriage
https://s.swnovels.com/images/book-covers/2.jpg
Jenny is overwhelmed with the evil world.She buys the pregnancy tester for her bosom girlfriend who turns out to be pregnant with her boyfriend.What's worse, the paparazzi take pictures of her when she is buying the tester, and scandals about her premarital pregnancy get massively discussed.To tackle with this emergency situation, she marries the stranger she bumped into at the pharmacy.But things don't develop as the prenup and his husband Luke Lu turns out to be quite a big shot.She tries every possible way but fails to get rid of him...	
Chapter 1 A Pregnancy Test Kit Please
	“Miss, 4 dollars please.”
	Jenny in the back seat gives no instant response to that as she stares fascinatedly through the taxi window at the pharmacy. The impatient driver looks back at her and complains, "Miss, do you want me drive into that pharmacy?"
	"What?" Jenny comes to herself.
	Noticing the driver’s impatient look, she realizes she has delayed him and blushes with embarrassment. She pulls out the cash out of her bag, stuffs it into his hand and rushes out of the taxi.
	"Oh, it’s dilatory to get out of the car!" shouts the driver and he drives away.
	It turns freezing in October in Huaixiu, the Northwest region. Let alone it is December now and heavy snow falls. Even though she wears a thick down coat, Jenny shivers the moment she steps out of the taxi.
	Jenny takes a look up at the neon sign of the pharmacy, and blushes. She hesitates for a while but the severe cold defeats her. She pulls up her mask and runs into the pharmacy shrugging her shoulders.
	The lady behind the cashier counter greets in a smiling manner, “Welcome to our pharmacy. How may I help you?”
	Her blushing face can hardly be hidden by the mask when she hears that. She blinks her sparkling eyes and replies as if nothing bothers her, “I’m good. Just looking around.”
	She shelters herself between the shelves as she says that.
	Jenny pats her chest and regrets, “No, why I do this myself? I should have asked Shawn for help. She’s done this before. She wouldn’t feel awkward like me.”
	Problem is where on earth is the pregnancy test kit stored?
	The phone in the pocket rings at a bad time when Jenny bends herself and looks carefully for the pregnancy test kit on the shelf.
	She picks it up at once, “Jessica, I’m at the pharmacy. Don’t rush me.”
	“Oh that, I don’t mean that...” Jessica falters on the phone, “I mean, the weather is terrible. Be careful on your way back. And it’s important that you keep away from the paparazzi.”
	“I’m aware of that.” Jenny answers with a smile. Thinking about her girlfriend’s trouble, she can’t help complaining, “Speaking of careful, how come you were not careful enough to think about birth control?”
	“Because I like him and we both expect to have a baby.” Jessica answers with sweetness and hints something in it, “You like him too. So please come back ASAP, Jenny.”
	Jenny mourns as she looks for the thing. “I find it. Talk to you later.” She interrupts Jessica at the sight of the pregnancy test kit.
	Her white slender hand accidentally touches another one at the moment she stretches it to the sky.
	Both of them are shocked.
	“Well? Pregnant test kit?” A roar and deep voice on the top of Jenny’s head says. This crack joke adds to the cold. And the guy reaches a pregnancy test kit from the shelf and stuffs it to Jenny’s hand, and says, “You’re welcome.”
	You’re...welcome?
	Speechlessly, Jenny is scared stiff and awkwardly holds the pregnancy test kit into her small hand.
	She feels embarrassed either to take it or not.
	Oh man! That guy is absolutely doing this on purpose!
	At the thought of that, Jenny gets a bit unhappy. She turns around with anger and glares at him from beneath the hat brim.
	What a meddler!
	This tall man wearing a long black down coat muffles himself with a hat and a mask like Jenny does. Even so, his extraordinary temperament still shows, so does the sarcastic smile in his inky eyes.
	Just a peek at him already gives a heartbeat to Jenny. She avoids the eye contact unconsciously and shakes the thing in her rigid hand, whispering, “No, it’s not for me...”
	She just buys that thing for her girlfriend.
Chapter 2 Bestie Jesscia
	“Miss, you don’t have to explain all this to me.” says the man in a cold tone who takes a glance at Jenny. He reaches randomly with his slender hand a condom from the shelf next to him and walks to the cashier counter unhurriedly.
	A box of condom and a pregnancy test kit are put onto the cashier counter.
	“30 dollars in total.”
	“What? I, I need this alone...” says Jenny pointing at the pregnancy test kit bashfully.
	She knows the price of this brand of pregnancy test kit from the price tag and it costs only 5 dollars.
	The cashier runs her eyes over the two of them and scans the code steadily, saying, “Why don’t you pay for both of them? You guys wandered around the shelves together for quite a while. Don’t tell me you don’t know each other.”
	“We don’t know each other at all!” Jenny denies immediately when sensing the doubt of their relationship from the cashier.
	The cashier covers her mouth and smiles secretly, hinting that she knows about this situation well enough.
	It’s been long since the cashier worked here and she has met various couples. So she doesn’t care about the argue or anything they often say like Jenny and the man do.
	Jenny lowers her head and is going to leave this place feeling quite awkward after scanning to pay. Unexpectedly, she runs into a firm muscle wall right after she turns around and she steps back immediately.
	Those things in their hands fall to the ground.
	How come this man stands in her left side?
	In such an awkward place, Jenny has nothing else to care about but picks up the phone and other things. She pulls down the hat brim and escapes out of this place.
	The cashier takes a look at the back of the running Jenny and then the cold faced man holding a box of condom. She can’t help persuading with great concern, “Young man, you should concern about the health of your wife even though you guys are in a fight. You shouldn’t have sex now.”
	Bam! Jenny bangs her forehead at the door hearing this and covers it with anger.
	She says she doesn’t know him!
	The man looks with his deep eyes at the door which was banged by Jenny and finally puts on a smile.
	Jenny rushes out of the taxi after paying the fare on the arrival at the Moon Mansion.
	The Moon Mansion in a high-end residential area accommodates Jessica, Jenny’s bosom girlfriend, by her company in order to protect her privacy as an artist. Jenny is the only person knowing this place and she has the key given by Jessica.
	Jenny reaches the door after taking the elevator and opens the door with the key.
	Hearing the opening of the door, a bright beauty in a silk pajama runs towards the door. The mask on her face hides her facial expression but her fatigue eyes observe Jenny. She says in a gentle tone, “Jen, do you feel cold?”
	“My beloved Jessica, it’s snowing outside. What do you think?” laughs Jenny at what Jessica says. She hands the pregnancy test kit to Jessica and says in a reluctant tone, “Go have a test. Honestly speaking, I hope you’re not pregnant.”
	After all, Jessica is expecting a bright future after winning the Best Actress Award last year. The pregnancy news would have some impact on her more or less.
	Anger flashes in Jessica’s eyes and she complains, “Jen, what you just said? Of course I hope that I would have a baby. It’s a pleasure to the man I love. Forget it. I don’t blame you. I’m checking it in the bathroom.”
	Obviously Jenny doesn’t take it seriously since she knows Jessica’s temper well enough after all a long time being close friends.
	Jenny puts on the indoor slippers and goes to heat up water in the kitchen.
	The bell rings vaguely when she washes an apple to eat as the water is boiling. She’s curious about who comes this late. Jenny walks to the door and sees through the peep hole. She’s stunned at the sight of the man.
	Frankie?
	Could it be that he gets the address from Jessica?
	
Chapter 3 Best Friend Has Her Byfriend's Child
	Jenny can’t help smiling thinking that Frankie might come to her out of concern. She opens the door and says, “Hey, Frankie, what brings you here in this time?”
	This elegant handsome gentleman looks even taller in a brown tweed coat. He stares at Jenny with his deep and cold eyes for a while before he says, “To make sure what you’re doing.”
	“You’re the only person always treating me as a child” says Jenny shyly with a smile. She drags him in and asks, “How about some food? I bought some food for hot pot earlier today. Would you like a hot pot now?”
	Frankie nods his head, “Sure?”
	“Wait for a sec” says Jenny and she kisses on his cheek standing on her toes. She runs towards the kitchen, saying “It’s the best season for spicy food. But I’m gonna make light soup since Jessica shouldn’t eat spicy food.”
	She has no idea that Frankie keeps looking at her back with complication.
	A moment later, Jessica comes out of the bathroom. Holding the pregnant test kit in her hand, she wears a sweet smile. She’s even happier at the sight of Frankie in the living room, greeting “Frank.”
	She hands the pregnancy test kit to Frankie and says shyly biting her lips, “It seems I’m pregnant.”
	“What?” Frankie is stunned to know that.
	He takes the pregnancy test kit over and checks it. His surprise turns into joy. He stares at Jessica for a while and holds her to himself, says in a happy gentle tone, “Jessica, I never expect this...”
	Jessica holds his waist and whispers, “I was super nervous at first. I was afraid I got it wrong. And I find it’s true after the test of this. Frank, will you, will you love this baby?”
	Frankie kisses her forehead with love, “You give me this present. I absolutely love it.”
	“But, about Jenny...” Jessica hesitates and seems to make a big decision, “Frank, we’d better keep this behind Jenny. She’s my best friend. I don’t want to upset her.”
	Jessica sobs on his chest as she says that, “It’s never been my intention to grab anything from Jen. But, but I love you so much. I can’t let go of you. I am so happy and I am so sad to know about the pregnancy thing.”
	“Easy, you can’t be too emotional at the start of your pregnancy.” Frankie feels upset about this. He covers her with the coat from the sofa, saying “I can break up with her. Why do I care about her feelings?
	“Frank, don’t do that. It hurts Jenny so much.” says Jessica with a satisfying smile like a victory.
	Crack! A harsh noise of the ceramic dish falling to the ground comes out of the kitchen.
	Jenny stands at the kitchen door with two rigid hands in the air. She doesn’t miss a word of their conversation. She keeps her eyes wide open at the two of them leaning on each other, “You, what did you just say?”
	Does she misunderstand their conversation? Does she have an illusion?
	“Jenny...” Jessica panics at the sight of Jenny and tries to get rid of Frankie.
	Frankie, instead, holds her tight in his arms. Indifference appears on his handsome face. He stares right at Jenny without showing any pity and says in a cold tone, “I said, Jessica is pregnant. I’m gonna marry her!”
	Jessica is pregnant...
	This is like a sword sticking to Jenny’s eyes.
	Jenny stares with her dark eyes at the tummy covered by Jessica. She moves her eyes up and stares at Jessica’s face which shows guilty or sorrow. She asks word by word, “The man you mentioned you are in love with is Frankie Hill?”
Chapter 4 the Greatest Joke
	Jessica bites her lips and says with tears running in her eyes, “Jenny, I don’t mean to grab Frank from you. Never! I, I just love Frank so much. Don’t be mad. He’s still yours, okay?”
	“Jessica, why do you always concern about her feelings?” Frankie feels angry and pity for Jessica being tenderhearted. He takes a glance at Jenny, “Without me, she’s nobody.”
	How interesting!
	Jenny finds it disgusting.
	Her girlfriend is expecting the baby of her boyfriend and she even bought the pregnancy test kit for her girlfriend.
	What the heck!
	“Right, without you Frankie, I might not be able to become an artist.” Jenny rubs her temples and flares with anger, “What the heck makes it the excuse for you to have an affair with my girlfriend? You think it makes sense, don’t you?”
	“Jenny, it’s not the way you think.” explains Jessica anxiously. It doesn’t seem that she’s happy to upset Jenny, “It tortures me if you get angry. Don’t ignore me.”
	Jenny looks at her with her cold eyes, “I wouldn’t be angry if you abort the baby!”
	“Shut up! What are you talking about, Jenny?” yells Frankie at her. What she says gets rid of the last bit of guilty in the heart of Frankie. He feels nothing but angry, “It’s my decision to be with Jessica. Come blame me not her!”
	“Ask yourself with conscience how Jessica treats you. She picked you up when you returned China and arranged everything for you. She even begged me to find a position in Jade Pictures for you and show you more concern. If it was not because of Jessica, do you think I would even notice you?”
	Jessica drags Frankie by the sleeve, shaking her head, “Frank, it’s enough.”
	Jenny sneers in her heart.
	Oh, it turns out that Jenny owns her girlfriend for the work in Jade Pictures?
	Jenny has never found this delicate looking Jessica so disgusting for seven or eight years!
	“Jenny...”
	Jenny interrupts Jessica with her fierce eyes, “Jessica Vogt, you take my boyfriend from me in public. Don’t you find your gross face disgusting?”
	Jessica seems scared by Jenny’s tone, shrinking herself in Frankie’s arms.
	Jenny not only disgusts at this gross couple but can’t even spare the air in the house. She gets her down coat from the shelf directly and leaves with a sneer at Frankie, “But to be honest, you’re meant to be with each other!”
	A jerk and a whore, stay forever!
	It’s in the dead of night outside the mansion, which is like a back hole able to absorb a person in it. Crystal snowflakes still float in the air. However cold it is, it couldn’t be colder than how Jenny feels.
	Chances are this affair thing between friends happens in novels or televisions. But actually it happens to her! How insincere!
	How interesting!
	Jenny laughs scornfully twitching her mouths and leaves estate pulling her down coat tighter.
	Not until Jenny is ready to take a taxi by the road does she notice she has left her handbag at Jessica’s as she left in a hurry. She just takes her down coat with her and fortunately the phone is in the pocket.
	Having a look back at the mansion, Jenny would still find it disgusting if she went upstairs. So she decides to ask someone to pick her up on the phone. She takes the phone out and slides down the lock pattern proficiently.
	Yet it doesn’t work.
	Jenny thinks she has slid the wrong pattern so she tries again staring at the screen. But it still doesn’t work.
	She stops after trying four times, frowning.
	If she fails again, the phone will be blocked.
	
Chapter 5 Don't Whine at Midnight
	The failure of unblocking the phone just adds to her anger. Pissed off at the flowerbed along the road covered by thick snow, she kicks it, gnashing her teeth, “This has definitely not been my day!”
	Fortunately, it’s not far away from the apartment she lives in. So Jenny walks back to the apartment suffering the cold all the way.
	Being a freshman in Jade Pictures, she couldn’t be offered a great apartment. It’s been over a month since the elevator in the apartment broke down. Of course no one fixes it today. She has to climb the stairs to the tenth floor.
	The phone vibrates in the pocket of the down coat while Jenny is climbing out of breath.
	It’s from a stranger.
	Raising her willowy eyebrows, Jenny slides to the answering side with her round finger. Before she even says hello, a sexy but cold voice speaks on the other side of the phone, “Let’s exchange the phone at Diffuse Coffee at 10:30 tomorrow.”
	“Why the hell do we exchange the phone? What’s wrong with you?” The angry Jenny gets irritated by this weird word, “You need some pills for this. Do not whine at midnight!”
	She hangs up the phone after finishing the yelling.
	Luke holds his phone tight in his hand, knitting his eyebrows, in the Guanlan Lake Mansion.
	Did that woman yell at him just now?
	Sitting next to him in a dandiacal way is George, Luke’s good friend. George is throwing cherries into his mouth casually. He gets curious about the yelling from the woman on the other side of the phone.
	“Ah ha!” cries George, leaning his body to Luke. He squints with his flirting eyes, “How dare a woman yell at our dear Luke! She got guts!”
	Luke squints down at George and twitches his thin lips, “Aren’t the cherries big enough to clog your mouth?”
	This low and cold voice gives George a shiver.
	“Hey! I’m just thinking what you did is useless!” George moves backward, saying, “I can find out her address for you. You take the phone from her. That’s it. What’s the point in asking her out to change the phone tomorrow?”
	“Unless...” stops George on purpose. He looks at Luke and asks, “Do you have a crush on her?”
	“Get out!”
	“Get out! I will!” George jumps to the sofa in front of him with that bowl of cherries.
	He is flashing his phone as he is eating cherries.
	All of a sudden, George stops and immediately moves close to Luke with his phone, saying, “Look, our dear and adorable Luke is on the news, for the first time. How rare!
	Luke grabs his phone to check the news, frowning more anxiously.
	As reported in the news, new artist Jenny bought suspicious thing at a pharmacy late at night. Below this dense text posts a clear big picture of their occasional encounter at the cashier counter, which happened before.
	In this angle shot by the journalist, it seems she snuggles against him.
	He skims the comment below the hot news. Those insulting comments upset Luke. He turns around and looks at him, asking, “How’s John?
	“I talked to him on the phone just now. He’s okay.” answers George sitting on the sofa with his legs crossing. He can’t help laughing thinking of what his dude said, “He said the medicine was too strong and he gets a bit weak.”
	Luke’s face falls sharply, glaring at George.
	George hides his dandiacal smile immediately and says to Luke seriously, “Dude, don’t worry. I have sent three groups of people to different harbors and airports. They’re absolutely not gonna leave this city!”
	The gloomy-looking man gives no response, holding the phone tight in his slender hand.
Chapter 6 Scandal Goes Out
	All these years in the business filed, it’s never occurred to him that someone would push his button. The guy uses dirty tricks to threaten him by some photos. But he is to blame for being careless to go to the meeting without any company.
	Things would get terrible if Tom, the body guard, hadn’t drunk the wine for him when noticing something was wrong. As he goes downstairs supporting Tom, he pushes the woman to the car and runs for Durex at the pharmacy nearby.
	This must come with serious consequences.
	...
	Bang! Here comes the desperate knock on the door by a seemingly irritated person.
	As Jenny didn’t fall asleep until 3 or 4 am troubled by the affair thing, her mind goes completely blank. Woken up by that noise, she can no longer contain her anger. She kicks away the quilt and rushes out of the bedroom angrily.
	“Who’s that? What the hell is wrong with you...?” Jenny yells with anger as she opens the door. At the sight of the woman behind the door immediately melts away Jenny’s anger, “Shawn, what brings you here?”
	The 30-year-old-or-so woman named Shawn by Jenny wears a black suit and a pair of wide black glasses on her freckled face. Under the pair of glasses, two angry eyes stare at Jenny.
	“Jenny, what on earth is wrong with you?” Shawn points at the forehead of Jenny. She keeps stepping back, biting her lip, as Shawn keeps saying with rage, “How dare you not pick up my phone, ten times! Who do you think you are? Are you being difficult, huh?”
	“But my phone never rang...” says Jenny timidly.
	She hasn’t muted her phone so she couldn’t have missed any calls.
	Her words cause greater irritation to Shawn who then yells, “How dare you try to talk back? Do you have any idea of what trouble you’ve made? Be honest with me if you give up your future. But please don’t drag me into this.”
	Jenny has no idea of what Shawn is talking about and asks, looking at her confusedly, “What trouble have I made?”
	She went straight to bed when she came back home last night instead of going anywhere else.
	“You don’t recall anything, huh? Well, let me help!” says Shawn. She flashes her phone, enlarges a picture and shows it to Jenny, “Don’t tell me this woman at the pharmacy is not you!”
	Jenny’s confusion turns into shock when she looks at Shawn’s phone.
	She was taken a picture when buying a pregnancy test kit yesterday?
	“Well, Shawn. It’s a mistake!” Jenny comes back to herself and explains urgently to Shaw, “I don’t know that man. And the pregnancy test kit isn’t used by me. It’s for that bitch...”
	“Explain? Does it help?” Shawn hisses at her and interrupts her words, “Jenny, we have so many artists of your type in the company. I’d rather spend some time training another one than take risk on you!”
	Jenny keeps silent, biting her lip.
	As a new artist in the Jade Picture, she gets an offer as a supporting actress thanks to Shawn. Jenny also has followers as her character popularizes her.
	This event has obviously caused negative influence on both her and the company.
	“Shawn, I was too careless.” Jenny says that after keeping silent for a while and she acknowledges her mistake with sincere attitude, “I’ll definitely be more careful starting today. I’ll never make such a stupid mistake.”
	Shawn stares at her for some time and suddenly laughs grimly, “Do you think you’ll have another chance?”
	“Jenny, dare you think your old scandal would be safely kept unknown forever? I’ve given you chances, but you never cherish them. You now get yourself into trouble and beg me for help? Are you kidding?”
	“No, Shawn. I didn’t expect a paparazzi outside...” Jenny struggles to explain, “I do appreciate your trust and cultivation. I’ve tried to be a good actress. And...”
	Her red lips shut in what she is going to say.
	But Shawn says it out for her without taking a glance at her, “And be the best actress, right?”
	Shawn directly changes her face before Jenny says anything. She says cruelly in a mean tone, “Jenny, you made the trouble, you fix it. I will definitely not help you, neither will the company! Even if you get banned, you deserve it!”
	These words give a tremble to Jenny and she bit her lip tightly.
	
Chapter 7 Grandmother Urge to Get Married
	Shawn looks back at Jenny before leaving, “Jenny, you’re in this field. You should know the rules. No company will make any useless artist a star!”
	Jenny stays at the flat door with blankness even until Shawn creaks downstairs with her bag.
	What Jessica said when Jenny was at the pharmacy echoes in Jenny’s ear.
	“Oh that, I don’t mean that... I mean, the weather is terrible. Be careful on your way back. And it’s important that you keep away from the paparazzi.”
	Jenny laughs at herself for her foolishness.
	She bought a pregnancy test kit for her girlfriend who has her boyfriend’s baby. And she gets cast aside after her girlfriend sneakily let out the news to reporters.
	Diffuse Cafe!
	All of a sudden, Jenny recalls that this seems to be the cafe where the man said last night he would exchange their phones with her.
	Thinking that she may have taken his phone, Jenny rushes to change her clothes.
	Hopefully, the man is in the cafe!
	Jenny leaves the flat in about ten minutes. She stops a taxi and sets out straightly for Diffuse Cafe.
	There is pretty much important information in her phone. Would the man swipe her phone?
	Jenny is worried about that, biting her lip.
	Noticing the phone vibrates in her pocket, Jenny picks it up without hesitation.
	Before she says anything, an old voice talks on the other side of the phone, yelling, “Luke, are you hiding from me? And pissing me off, huh?”
	“Well...”
	There’s no way for Jenny to cut in and the old lady cries over the phone with somewhat threat, “Luke, here’s the warning. If you don’t bring to me your girlfriend, I’ll refuse to eat. No food anymore!”
	“...”
	Those threatening but adorable words are amusing for Jenny.
	Telling from the voice, Jenny thinks it is an old lady who talks on the other side of the phone, so she explains with patience, “Luke is not around the phone. But I have his phone.”
	She gets no reply for two seconds.
	At the third second, the old lady suddenly says with joy, “You mean he is taking a bath?”
	“Ah?” Jenny is embarrassed to hear that.
	What a brainstorming!
	“Nothing like that. I went shopping yesterday and accidentally took his phone.”
	Pharmacy is quite an embarrassing place so Jenny mentions another place, “So I’m on my way to Diffuse Cafe to exchange our phones.”
	“Oh, I see”, replies the old lady.
	Hearing that, Luke’s grandma gives some hint to the butler. Mrs. Lu, a 60-something old lady in a tight piece of blue chi-pao, lives in the Lu Mansion surrounded by mountains and lakes.
	The butler has served Mrs. Lu for decades, so he knows her hint well enough. He gets the car prepared on hearing Diffuse Cafe.
	“Sweetie, you two are meant to meet.”
	Mrs. Lu says with a smile and her eyes rolling. She asks with love, “I suppose you have met Luke. Has he left a good impression? Would you like to consider him?”
	Jenny is shocked to hear that and says awkwardly, “I’m afraid it’s a mistake. I really just want to get my phone back.”
	“You can have a little chat when you get your phone back! Sweetie, my grandson is excellent. He never has a random date. He’s loyal to love. Why not try to get along with him?
	On hearing the world “love”, the smiling faces of Jessica and Frank appear in front of Jenny, which badly upsets her.
	Jenny suddenly felt upset and replies with calmness, “Sorry, I reach the cafe now.”
	She hangs up as she says that.
	“Hey!”
	The phone beeps on the other side and Mrs. Luke frowns, stares angrily at the old phone, and complains, “She hangs up on me?”
	
Chapter 8 Meet at the Cafe
	The butler walks in and says to Eugene politely, “Mrs. Lu, the car is ready.”
	“Let’s go!” Eugene says with a smile as she puts away her phone, and her unhappiness gets erased.
	Since her grandson doesn’t date anyone as she wishes, why not just find one for him?
	Jenny breathes a sigh of relief at the moment the nagging stops after she hung up Eugene.
	Jenny can’t help bursting into laughter at the thought of the lovely conversation with the old granny, and she says to herself, “She’s one of those all grandmas who like to brag about their grandsons. She even said ‘My grandson is excellent and attracts many women’. How hilarious!”
	Wait a second!
	It seems something breaks in her words.
	At this moment, a sweet voice from the radio is echoing inside the car.
	“It’s reported that Mr. Luke Lu, CEO of Luke Up Group, has planned to purchase a famous domestic film and television company, Jade Picture...”
	Jenny gets startled to heart that and realizes why that name sounds familiar.
	Luke Lu is the grandson of Luke family which enjoys a high social status. Five years ago, he established a widely known company Luke Up Group in Xicheng all by himself. At present, he owns a fortune of almost 15 billion dollars and becomes the dream husband for many celebrity girls.
	He is also called as global husband by online users.
	Luke is however quite profile low; he rarely shows up in the public. Even on special occasions like the charity banquet, he leaves immediately after the charity bazar is finished, which brings great disappointment to many celebrity girls.
	It never occurred to Jenny that she would meet Luke Lu but it did happen when she bought something embarrassing.
	Recalling what happened that night at the pharmacy, she seems able to hear the cold joke of that man, and she feels terribly awkward!
	About 10 minutes later, the taxi reaches Diffuse Cafe.
	Jenny rushes out of the taxi immediately to the cafe. As she pushes the door open, she hears some elegant French music and sees only several customers.
	She fails to spot anyone familiar after looking around, and gets upset, biting her lip.
	She regrets she took it out on the man on the phone since she mistook it as a disturbance call.
	He must be pissed off for that.
	Jenny waits on a seat with the hope that the man would show despite that she knows he won’t.
	As the last customer leaves the cafe and the sun begins to dazzle her, Jenny is forced to leave.
	She promises to herself walking out of the cafe that she would talk nicely if Luke Lu called back.
	She pushes the door open with the head lowered, and accidentally crashes into the man walking in. His cold clothes freeze the tip of her nose, giving her a shiver.
	“So...sorry!” Jenny immediately steps back and stands straight.
	In front of her stands a tall man in a brown woolen coat. He wears a pair of black sunglasses which is big enough to cover his face except for his cold but sexy lips. He looks conceited and unsociable.
	The man doesn’t walk away and stares at her for a while. He asks, “Jenny?”
	This cold voice seems familiar and drives Jenny to look up at him.
	He looks quite familiar even his sunglasses can’t cover his cold face and thin lips.
	To her surprise, she asks “Is that you?”
	She smiles and keeps saying, “I thought you wouldn’t come...”
	“So did I.” Luke says as he grabs a silver phone from his right pocket and hands it to her.
	She recognizes the English letters on the back of the phone, and it is hers!
	Her eyes twinkle and she reaches her hands to get it. She flashes the screen and says, “Thank you so much!”
	“It’s yours anyway.” Luke says as he looks at her.
	She feels uncomfortable about the way he looks at her. All of a sudden, she recalls something. She scrambles another phone from her bag and hands it to him.
	“It’s yours.”
	Luke Lu takes it.
	He has long fingers and a cold finger pulp with such thin callosity on it as that of those doctors who cure sick people and save dying ones.
	“Thanks.” Luke Lu says indifferently, putting his phone into his pocket, and turns around.
	Is he leaving?
	Jenny seems to have an idea and runs after him, “Excuse me, Mr. Luke.”
	Luke Lu stops and turns back.
	Jenny widens her eyes and crashes into his cold chest being unable to stop her fast steps. She is bounced back and loses her balance, falling down.
	“Oh no!” She is going to fall to the stairs and the last thing she thought was that she will get a scar on her face.
	At the very moment, a long but strong arm reaches out to get her waist so that she can escape from a tragedy.
	What a startling moment!
	Jenny widens her eyes with fear and looks up at the man much taller than her. He looks at her silently and she can feel his elegance.
	
Chapter 9 Media Reporters Fake A Story
	“I...” She moves her lips as if she couldn’t control her brain, “I just want to say sorry about last night...”
	As she tries to explain something, someone just interrupts.
	“Look, Jenny is over there!”
	There comes a loud voice from far away. In an instant, a crowd of media reporters carrying cameras and holding microphones rush towards her from all directions.
	Jenny is so frightened that she immediately grabs the man beside her by the arm before she can keep her balance to look at the crowd running to her.
	Luke Lu knits his eyebrows.
	The two of them soon get surrounded at the door of the cafe by the media reporters and some of them are onlookers.
	“Jenny, did you really hug and kiss a man at the pharmacy?”
	“You bought a pregnancy test kit as the cashier said. Are you pregnant?”
	Cameras and spotlight keep flashing without a break. It dazzles her so that she is forced to cover her eyes with her hands. All those sharp words almost deafen her.
	“People say the Jade Picture is going to make you another Miss Pure after Monica Tang. But now you date someone publicly. Are you provoking the company?”
	...
	Those reporters throw out all embarrassing questions for her to answer, which upset her deeply. Her face looks abruptly pale under the flashing of spotlight with her legs going numb.
	“I...” How on earth can she explain?
	She never expected the reporters would chase her to answer all the questions.
	For 10 short seconds after the reporters rushed out, Luke Lu keeps supporting Jenny by holding the waist. Sensing something wrong about her, he holds her steadily, compressing his lips even harder.
	It’s really not what a gentleman should do to leave her alone at this moment.
	Looking around, he says in a cold tone, “Enough!”
	Even though his almost perfect face is covered mostly by the sunglasses, his unique composed temperament can’t be ignored.
	This low sound distracts the reporters’ attention.
	All of a sudden, all cameras focus on Luke Lu.
	“Are you Jenny’s boyfriend? When did you start the relationship?”
	“Please tell us, is Jenny really pregnant?”
	“Have you watched Jenny’s TV shows? What do you think of her in bed?”
	...
	All these sharp and impolite questions vex Luke Lu. His face turns sullen especially when he senses the girl trembling in his arms.
	“Even as an entertainment reporter, you should have a bottom line! Please excuse me for not answering these boring questions!”
	Right after he finishes his words, a black Range Rover pulls over across the street.
	Mrs. Lu came down from the car with the help of the housekeeper, and looked refreshedly at the opposite gold plaque-Diffuse Café.
	She nods happily. Here it is!
	“Wow, why so many people here?” As she walks towards the cafe, she frowns and takes down her reading glasses, trying to figure it out.
	She finds some people surrounded by the reporters who keep asking questions and taking pictures.
	In the middle of the crowd...
	Mrs. Lu widens her eyes in surprise.
	The tallest reporter is only 5.5 inches tall. That’s shorter than her 6-inch Luke Lu.
	She captures her baby grandson among those reporters.
	She stands on tiptoe and notices a short figure in pink in Luke Lu’s arms.
	What a surprise!
	The little girl is probably her granddaughter-in-law!
	Or else, would Luke Lu protect her in such a way?
	It’s deep in her mind that her grandson is obsessively tidy and never touches a woman randomly!
	Mrs. Lu pushes the butler with her elbow and asks with curiosity, “Do they even report about people in love these days?”
	Mr. Wei gives it a thought before saying insightfully, “I guess that’s because Mr. Lu is so famous that whoever becomes his girlfriend will become the focus.”
	Mrs. Lu agrees but seemingly confused.
	“Well, never mind. Let’s go check it out.” she says and walks to Luke Lu hurriedly.
Chapter 10 Picked up by a Luxury Car
	All the reporters surround Luke Lu without anyone willing to step back. In this situation, it’s hard for Luke Lu to get out of the crowd and he frowns to catch sight of Mrs. Lu crossing the street towards him.
	It doesn’t matter to be surrounded by the reporters but it will bring trouble if his grandma mistakes him.
	There instantly comes a cold look on his face before he says in a cold but furious tone, “I repeat, back off!”
	The reporters are jolted by his cold voice and forced to step back.
	Jenny suddenly feels some coldness on her wrist before she realizes Luke Lu holds her by the wrist with his cold hand, striding through the reporters.
	He rushes a few steps to the car he pulled over, pushes Jenny into it and closes the door.
	After he turns around, he happens to see Mrs. Lu looking at him with curiosity. He immediately stands in front of the car.
	“Grandma, why are you here at this moment?”
	“Oh, I just pass by!”
	Mrs. Lu lies as she tries to peer over him into the car from the half-shut door. She asks with curiosity, “Luke Lu, I saw you push someone into the car. Who was that?”
	To deal with such a question, a lie can work.
	“Just a client.” he explains blandly.
	Noticing the reporters are about to rush towards him, he immediately takes out his key and walks to the driver seat, “Grandma, I’ve got to go back to the company to take care of something. Be safe back home with Mr. Wei.”
	On finishing his words, his slender body already gets into the car.
	He inserts the key, starts the engine and steps on the gas.
	Before everyone notices, Luke Lu already drives away.
	It takes a few seconds for Mrs. Lu to realize what happened. All she can see is nothing but the gray gas and the back of the car.
	The reporters surround her and take millions of pictures of the licence plate on the luxury car.
	“Who is that man? He owns the limited edition of Lykan Hypersport!”
	“My gosh! Jenny is dating with a millionaire?”
	“Hey, don’t you find the licence plate familiar?”
	...
	The reporters’ discussion arouses Mrs. Lu’s guess, “Jenny? Dating a millionaire?”
	Obviously, that millionaire is her grandson Luke Lu.
	But who is Jenny?
	Mrs. Lu gives it a deep thought before ordering the butler meaningfully, “Mr. Wei, please look into that Jenny!”
	“Sure, Madam.”
	Luke Lu has observed from the rearview mirror until he loses sight of the reporters. He then slows down and keeps driving slowly on the road.
	But obviously, Jenny sitting next to him doesn’t recover yet, still slightly trembling.
	“You alright?” asks Luke Lu in a cold but caring tone and he even turns on the air-conditioner.
	Jenny shakes her head. The grim countenances and the mean words of the reporters still echo around her so that she bites her fingernails unconsciously to suppress the fear in her heart.
	The reporters chased after her when she went popular among audience while now the reporters turn to blame her.
	They will desperately collect whatever could be news fodders, even ignoring the truth and unwilling to listen to any explanation.
	Luke Lu takes a glance at her, and says quite a moment later, “You’re in the entertainment circle, and you should go by rules.”
	Or else, she will be eliminated.
	“Right. This is the entertainment circle...” says Jenny in a bleak and helpless tone and she smiles reluctantly.
	If Luke Lu didn’t help her just now, she would probably have made a show of herself in front of the reporters again. So she feels grateful for the man and says sincerely, “Thanks for the help.”
	Luke Lu looks ahead and grunts assent before asking, “Where would you like to go?”
	Where to go?
	If she goes back to the apartment, all she can do is sleep. Moreover, if she hides under this urgent situation, the reporters will believe in the rumor.
	Two seconds later, Jenny answers, “The Jade Picture please.”
	...
Chapter 11 Not Worth Getting Angry about You
	In front of the Jade Picture Company a grand black minivan parks.
	The company owns the whole edifice and has the surrounding area strictly secured to guard fans from gathering around. That makes it possible for stars’ nanny vans to park in front of the gate.
	As the car’s door opens, Assistant Yip gets out and puts away the stuff before moving Jessica Vogt out of the car. Yip reminds her in a caring but flattering tone, “Miss Vogt, you’re wearing high heels. Mind your steps.”
	Jessica Vogt in an aqua blue dress gets out of the car. Her eyes flash with disgust as she notices the weather-beaten hands of her assistant. Holding her assistant’s wrist, Jessica says in a soft tone, “Thank you.”
	Her assistant gets more excited to hear that.
	She lives up to the reputation of movie queen, remaining elegant all the time as if she were an angel free from vulgarity!
	“Miss Vogt, here’s a massage from York an hour ago, Mr. Wang chose you female lead in his new movie.” says her assistant, “But he wants you in the spot this afternoon.”
	“Really?” Jessica asks in surprise, failing to hide her joy.
	This time Mr. Wang gravitates to a commercial movie as usual. Besides, another one Spy Game has received much public praise in the market. Leading characters can share much takings even with the cost deducted.
	Not a single artist will not get thrilled at such a chance to increase exposure and raise value.
	“Really. Miss Vogt, you’re a national heartthrob. Even Mr. Wang would show respect to you!” her assistant keeps flattering Jessica, “He wants you to present just in case artists from other companies would resent that.”
	Jessica feels somewhat vain, smiling slightly, “Never mind. I’m available this afternoon.”
	How would she spare this chance of leading in a promising movie?
	“Wow, fabulous, who owns it?” A guard nearby shouts in a low voice.
	Jessica knits her eyebrows and turns around to have a look.
	In front of her nanny van parks a black sports car. It is so low-profile with all windows shut tightly that it draws more of her attention. At the sight of the logo on the car head, she instantly covers her red lips with her hands.
	Gosh! It’s Lykan Hypersport!
	People say this car is produced in a limited quantity, only 7 of them. She never expected she could see such a legendary sports car here!
	What she is expecting is someone to inform her owner of this car. All of a sudden, the door of the passenger seat is opened, and a slim figure in pink shows.
	At the sight of the lady gives Jessica a shock, she widens her pupils.
	How could it be Jenny?
	After getting out of the car, Jenny bends over and talks to the driver through the window. Jessica is a bit far from them so that she can only see the side of his face, which is perfect enough to make her heart beat fast.
	She stares at Jenny next to the car with great jealousy and anger aroused in her heart.
	Out of Jessica’s expectation, Jenny managed to date a rich man in such a short time!
	Jessica grits her teeth angrily secretly. Then she puts on a smile instantly and walks to Jenny holding her skirt, “Jenny!”
	Jessica calls her name in a gentle tone as before, yet Jenny finds it less joyful but disgusted to hear her own name from Jessica.
	“What’s up?” says Jenny in a bland tone after adjusting herself in no time.
	“Jenny, are you still mad at me?” Jessica asks softly, pretending to be poor, while she watches over Jenny at the car. Unfortunately, she fails to see the man’s face as he has put on sunglasses.
	“Mad?” Jenny puts on a cold smile, “Why would I be mad at such a person like you?”
	“That’s so mean!” Jessica’s assistant yells and glares at Jenny, “How dare you talk to Miss Vogt in such a tone? You’re nobody in the movie field.”
	
Chapter 12 Argument
	“Ever since you entered our company, Miss Vogt has taken great care of you, getting jobs for you and asking everyone to be nice with you. What about you? Bah!” The assistant scolds Jenny, “Even dogs are more grateful than you!”
	Jessica turns around to glare at her assistant and says unhappily, “Mind your manner. Jenny is my bosom friend!”
	But the corners of her mouth lift slightly, and she seems to be happy about what her assistant says.
	“Miss Vogt, you’re so nice that Jenny always takes advantage of you!” Out of admiration, the assistant doesn’t get mad at all and adds coldly, glancing at Jenny, “Hug a man at a pharmacy, didn’t she know that was inappropriate?”
	Hearing that, Luke Lu, who was about to drive away, frowns and turns aside to look out of the car.
	“Enough, shut up!” Jessica blames her assistant and walks to Jenny to hold her hands. Being a bit annoyed, she says hastily, “Shawn appointed Yip as my new assistant. She doesn’t talk nicely. Please don’t be mad at her.”
	Biting her lip, Jessica adds, “But why did you hug a man at a pharmacy? I reminded you reporters might follow you, but you still...”
	Jenny laughs coldly.
	She wouldn’t have fallen into Jessica’s trap if she didn’t buy the pregnancy test kit for Jessica!
	“Miss Vogt, you really deserve to be movie queen. I’m so impressed!” Jenny takes her hands out and smiles angrily, “I wouldn’t be as good at acting as you, even in a few years.”
	“That’s not true!” Jessica smiles disdainfully, avoiding her assistant’s sight, and says softly as usual, “Jen, I think highly of you. I’m sure you’ll be the ‘focus’ of people!”
	Interesting, Jenny indeed becomes the “focus”!
	However, Jenny doesn’t feel surprised at Jessica’s ironic tone but finds it a bit amusing.
	Wouldn’t Jessica feel tired, always pretending to be the other way on the outside?
	Jenny stares at Jessica’s red lips for quite a while before bending towards her and saying to her ears, “Jessica Vogt, Frankie has served me for over five years. If you like, he’s yours.”
	Jessica narrows her eyes a bit and laughs, “Dear, are you aware of his comments on you? He said, you are the daughter of a drug dealer. You’re dirty...”
	Sensing Jenny’s body gets stiff, Jessica no longer hides her smile, “And sooner or later, you’ll lead a life of drugs as your mother did. He dated you before just because your parents are rich.”
	Jenny glares at her and smiles coldly, “Do you think it works, vexing me with my family history?”
	“Why would I vex you?” Jessica gets angry, bends forward slightly and pinches Jenny’s shoulder with her sharp fingernails, which looks as if Jessica is hugging Jenny.
	“Jenny, you have no man, no home, like a homeless dog. How can you win me? If I haven’t given you chances, you might have even died of hunger in the middle of the homeless!”
	She continues in a disdainful tone, “Feel good about getting on front page again?”
	Jenny clenches her fist fiercely.
	It was indeed Jessica that planned all this before!
	Jenny finds Jessica’s pretty face extremely disgusting, which even gives Jenny the impulse to slap on it. But Jenny manages to ease her tension and looses her fist slowly.
	“Speaking of that, I should really thank you, Jessica Vogt.” Jenny puts on a smile and says when she notices Jessica frowns, “Without you, how would I have met such a rich man?”
	That completely changes Jessica’s face. Jessica stares at the sports car behind Jenny.
	“Let’s keep this between us. The driver is a real rich man. Even though Frankie is a leader, he only deserves to serve that man.”
	Jenny glances at Jessica’s unhappy face, and smiles, “I could ask for anything from him, even the movie queen. So, I should thank you Miss Vogt, shouldn’t I?”
	Jessica releases her extreme anger by laughing, and satirizes, gritting her teeth, “Shame on you! How could you sacrifice your body and abandon your boyfriend for higher career ladder? What a model in the entertainment field!”
	“Nope, you’re wrong.” Jenny pats her chest and looks frightened, “I gave my ex-boyfriend to you because you’re pregnant. Otherwise, your child will be born without a dad!”
	Jessica can’t believe Jenny said such vulgar things, which gives her a heart attack.
	
Chapter 13 Cancel the Contract
	Until Jenny leaves, Jessica remains stiff and looks shocked, widening her eyes.
	How dare Jenny even humiliate her child?!
	“Miss Vogt, are you alright?” Jessica’s assistant runs to her and asks when seeing her trembling.
	Watching Jenny’s fading back, Jessica shakes her head and answers, “I’m alright.”
	...
	The argument with Jessica dampens Jenny’s spirit so she leaves here instead of going to the office. But she suddenly receives a call from Shawn who says with a tough attitude, “Jenny, back to the office. We’ll have the contract canceled!”
	Jenny is in a great shock to hear that, “Shawn, it isn’t that serious, is it?”
	“The news travels everywhere. Don’t you think it’s serious enough? What’s serious then?” Shawn laughs coldly, “Jenny, who do you think you are? You ruin the company’s reputation, what’s the point in popularizing you any further?”
	“No, I didn’t expect that...” Jenny can’t wait to explain.
	Shawn interrupts her, “Say no more. The contract must be canceled! Apart from Joy Catering Company, you need to pay 3 million yuan to our company as reputation damage compensation.”
	“If you keep dragging on this, I’ll move forward with the legal process.” Shawn hangs up the phone right after she finishes her words.
	Jenny stands still in the street, holding her phone. Her face turns pale.
	The contract has to be canceled?
	Even her feet start to hurt after walking for a long way on her stilettos, but she doesn’t care about that. Her eyes go blank and her body shakes, as if she would fall down at any time.
	The loss of her boyfriend, bosom friend and career happened successively in a few days. What could be more dramatic?
	Sometimes, life can be really dramatic...
	It gets completely dark when Jenny comes back to herself after walking a long, long way.
	Next to her stands an upmarket bar. The large neon brand keeps twinkling, whose colorful shadow constantly flashes in Jenny’s confused eyes.
	“Luxury Life?” Jenny reads and staggers on the stairs.
	The guard at the door lets her in after simply looking over her.
	Inside the bar, loud electronic music is deafening; weird men and women are walking around.
	Jenny walks through the foul crowd to the bar counter in the dark.
	Seeing a beauty coming towards him, a bartender whistles, “Gorgeous, would you like any drinks?”
	Jenny’s slender fingers point over the glasses with color liquid and stop at the last one. She blinks her crystal eyes and says, “I’d like... this one.”
	Jenny spent the subsequent three whole nights in this splendid world in Luxury Life.
	She ordered a cocktail named after the bar every time, one after another. If she got bored, she danced with the young people there and kept drinking afterwards.
	She would come back the next evening even though she vomited seriously the night before.
	Tonight, Jenny comes here again. She lies on the bar counter after drinking some wines. The bartender can’t help asking, “Gorgeous, wines can hurt! Your parents will be concerned seeing you like this.”
	Jenny puts on a cold smile, “I have none.”
	“Well, you boyfriend will be.”
	Boyfriend?
	The man she has been in love with for over five years is with her bosom friend and shows great concern to her. Thinking of that, Jenny gets mad all of a sudden and blames the bartender, “Don’t mention...that jerk!”
	She hiccups and swings her fair finger, “Or else, I’ll beat you up!”
	“Fine, I’ll shut up!” He clears away the counter.
Chapter 14 Luke, I’m with Your Gossip Girl
	Perhaps she’s had too much drink, Jenny needs the bathroom badly.
	She gets off the seat and staggers through the crowd. Suddenly, she bumps onto the man in front of her by the push from the back. She apologizes hazily, “Hmm, I’m sorry...”
	She tries to push herself up by pushing the man’s chest.
	“Uh-huh, nice voice!” There comes a whistle above Jenny’s head. The man doesn’t let go of her, he grabs her by the waist and puts her into his arm, “Would you like to hang out with me?”
	George Qiao never refuses a voluntary beauty, let alone this attractive one.
	Look at her slim waist...
	As George feels the tenderness on his palm, he has more interest in her and holds Jenny tightly in his arms. He pushes up her jaw and says, “You have a sweet voice, I’d like to hear more lately.”
	Jenny tries hard to pats off his hands. The strange sense drives her to refuse him and she yells unhappily, “You jerk, let go of me!”
	“Good girl, feel the warmth in my arms.” George giggles and drags Jenny to his room
	Inside the room, all of George’s friends are here to have dissipation. They instantly whistle at the sight of George and a beauty.
	“Good for you. She looks sexy!”
	“Wow, big boos!”
	“Hey, you may need lots of condoms.”
	...
	Mocked up by his friends, George moves Jenny to the sofa and delivers a wine to her lips while Jenny pushes it away fiercely. George bursts into laughter, “You want me to feed you, and you should tell me”
	George takes a sip of whiskey and pinches Jenny’s jaw with two of his slender fingers. The pretty face under the dark light gives George a shock. He gets closer to have a careful look. It seems he has met her before.
	Three seconds later, George is frightened and swallows the whiskey, staring at Jenny.
	Rumor says his brother is dating a star, isn’t she the star?
	The people around make noises. Seeing George stop moving, someone slaps on his face and laughs, “George, she wants you to feed her, why do you stop?”
	“You talk too much!” George glares at him.
	The man doesn’t dare to say anything more.
	Jenny pats George’s hands off and mumbles, “Don’t pinch my jaw, or... I’ll hit you!”
	“How much have you drunk?” George didn’t realize that until he smells the strong wine flavor from Jenny. Her eyes look blank. She seemed to have drunk a lot when she bumped into him.
	Alas! Pretty ladies are rarely seen, but she can’t be touched!
	George curls his lips. When he is about to send someone to get her back home, he thinks of something. He calls Luke Lu directly.
	Luke’s mansion.
	Luke Lu is lying on the European sofa. He looks like a prince of elegance and composure in a casual light gray pajama, stretching his vigorous and graceful legs.
	The phone keeps vibrating in his pocket.
	It keeps vibrating.
	Luke Lu can’t help frowning and picking it up seeing the same number calling in again.
	A few seconds later, he frowns even more tightly. Something seems to be more bothering. At this moment, his grandma pats on him angrily since she receives no response from him, “Luke Lu, did you hear me?”
	A few seconds later, Luke Lu hangs up and stands up, “Grandma, I have something to deal with. Probably I won’t come back tonight. Please go to bed early and don’t wait for me.”
	
Chapter 15 Give me a hug
	Then he grabs up a coat and leaves home.
	“Hey, why are you going out so late?” Mrs. Lu follows him.
	But he walks fast with his long legs. At the moment she reaches the door, the sports car has already left.
	His anxious behavior arouses Mrs. Lu’s suspicion, who yells, “Why the hell is my grandson so hurried? Never seen him like that before.”
	Butler Wei hesitates for a while and makes a guess, “Perhaps it’s about the star in the scandal?”
	“Is it?” Mrs. Lu mumbles and is absorbed in thought for a moment. She seems to recall something, “Any information about that girl?”
	“Oh, here it is, Mrs. Lu. Her parents had died. She has a clear family background and no scandal, apart from this one...”
	Pregnancy test kit event.
	“That’s right. I’m pretty sure it’s my grandson’s child!” Mrs. Lu is fully certain about that.
	...
	The car reaches Luxury Life. Luke stretches his long legs out of the car, takes a look at the neon brand and walks inside.
	He walks through the foul ballroom to George’s room.
	Inside the room, people laugh and yell at each other. There comes a weak charming laughter. No matter how dark the light is, the lady talking randomly on the sofa can still be seen. She yells, “More wines!”
	She is wearing a black skirt and her coat was lost somewhere. Her plump shoulders are exposed and her fair legs mingle with George; her face flushes and her crystal eyes are half closed.
	The drunken charm drives Luke to frown more tightly.
	“Hey, isn’t that Lu...” Someone finds it surprising to see Luke Lu.
	He doesn’t like this occasion, does he? Or is he here for George?
	“Hey, dude, you finally come here!” Seeing Luke, George seems to find his savior. He pushes Jenny to Luke’s arms and says, “She’ll be deadly drunk if you don’t come!”
	Jenny lies on Luke powerlessly with an empty glass in her hand, “More. I can have more!”
	“Dude, don’t miss this wonderful night!” George giggles. When he puts a coat on Jenny, he calmly stuffs a small box into Luke’s pocket, “Don’t waste it.”
	With his eyes darken, Luke says, “George, don’t you have anything serious to do?”
	Suddenly, Jenny throws away the wine glass and holds Luke by the waist with her fair arms. She gets a bit sober and complains it’s suffocating here in a soft voice.
	“Stand well.” Luke pushes her arms, frowning.
	But Jenny refuses to let go of him.
	Luke looks up and finds George is already enjoying himself with his friends, yelling loudly. He seems to ignore Luke’s expression, leaving Luke standing there and frowning tightly.
	Luke tries to move Jenny’s hands off but fails. So he drags her out of the bar.
	Jenny refuses to loosen her grip even when they get on the car. She is like a sloth. Her soft body lies on the gear of car and her face lies on his underbelly.
	Luke’s face turns stiff. He controls the steering wheel with one hand and pats on her flushed face with the other one.
	“Where’s your home? I’ll get you home.”
	“Hmm, no...home...” Jenny mumbles hazily.
	Perhaps she feels uncomfortable because of the gear. Her small hand propped his thigh and wanted to get up. Unfortunately, the car is passing by a slow road section. When it passes the road humps, Jenny loses her balance and falls onto Luke again.
	Her face sinks into the gap between his legs. She arches her nose when she suffers from the suffocation. She has no idea of the man’s thought. He clamps his lips tight.
	Luke grabs her head and throws her to the passenger seat, “Where’s your home?”
	“I told you, no home!” Jenny mumbles unhappily. Her soft body lies on the seat and says in a tired voice, “No parents... No home...”
	Before she finishes her words, her head turns aside.
	
Chapter 16 Grandma’s Spot Check
	“...”
	Watching the dark night through the window, Luke narrows his eyes and turns around at a crossing.
	Around ten minutes later, he drives to a private apartment.
	Jenny is sound asleep, so Luke bends over and gets her out by carrying her in his arms. She seems conscious, holding Luke by the neck with both arms and lying on his chest obediently.
	Sometimes Luke rests in this private apartment if it is too late for him to go back home from work. The apartment is well-equipped and cleaned up every Saturday by a cleaner.
	Luke puts Jenny on a bed and covers her with quilt. A warm hand drags him back when he is about to leave.
	“Mum, please stop the ballet training...” Jenny mumbles with her eyes closed on the bed and grabs Luke’s arm tightly, “I’m so tired... I want meat...”
	Her soft and cutesy voice stops Luke from pushing her hand off abruptly.
	“Mum.” She brushes her head against his arm and continues acting cutesy, pouting, “Keep my company please...”
	Luke goes speechless. She treats him as her mum, doesn’t she?
	Luke is a bit in shock. He bends over, uncovers the quilt and tucks himself in. The moment he gets on the bed, Jenny closes to him.
	Jenny is wearing an off-shoulder dress. The shoulder belt is rubbed off and much of her fair and tender skin shows. Her chest, making two arches, lean against his leg, and almost shows completely.
	Luke accidentally catches sight of that. He instantly puts on a serious look and stops the breath.
	He directly covers her with the quilt.
	“No, I can’t breathe...” Jenny complains, kicking the quilt off fiercely. Her tender hands hold Luke by his slim waist; she brushes her head against his waist and says, “Hmm, the pillow is uncomfortable...”
	Luke feels quite helpless about this girl.
	...
	The next morning, there comes a rhythmic doorbell to the bedroom.
	As the doorbell adds annoyance to Luke who failed to sleep well, he instantly turns angry. But he fails to get off the bed since something heavy is lying on his arm. He turns around slightly and finds a head on his arm.
	A lady holds his neck with her fair hands, pouting her red lips and breathing steadily. Some light aroma reaches Luke’s nose.
	Obviously, Luke didn’t sleep well last night because of her.
	Luke rubs his eyebrows and gets out of the bedroom to get the door.
	Luke’s pretty face turns somewhat astonished when he and his grandma catch sight of each other. Subconsciously, he closes the door but his grandma blocks it with her leg.
	“Why the hell do you close the door? You wanna piss me off, don’t you?”
	Mrs. Lu pushes him and squeezes herself into the apartment. Luke has no choice but to open the door and lets the butler in as well. Seeing that Mrs. Lu is rushing to his bedroom, Luke knits his eyebrows, steps up and blocks her way.
	“Grandma, it’s messy.”
	Luke stands in front of Mrs. Lu and stops her from getting inside. He touches his nose and says, “I was working and had no time to clear it up...”
	Mrs. Lu agrees but denies believing it.
	Looking at his face, he’s so scared of her check in the room. He must be hiding some secret in the room!
	Mrs. Lu has no choice but to step back since her grandson refuses to let her in. She walks to the table, carrying the breakfast, and says, “I made this porridge for you. It smells so great. Have a try.”
	Luke somewhat breathes a sigh of relief.
	He brought Jenny back home only out of the worry that she would be in danger outside. But he doesn’t want to be misunderstood.
	Luke walks to the bathroom after making sure his bedroom is closed.
	
Chapter 17 Did she sleep with someone?
	At the moment he turns around, Mrs. Lu gets excited. She stops making the table, puts down everything and rushes to the room hurriedly in just a few steps.
	Luke didn’t expect his grandma would do such a thing. He yells in surprise, “Grandma, it’s messy there.” Before he goes to stop Mrs. Lu, the butler stops him.
	“Sir, don’t worry. Mrs. Lu won’t mind it.” the butler says politely and tries hard to stop him even though he is a head shorter than Luke, “Sir, Mrs. Lu has seen your room that hadn’t been cleared up for three days.”
	Luke goes speechless. That was because George lived in that room instead of him.
	When Mrs. Lu is about to open the bedroom, Luke pushes the butler away regardless of anything. He walks to the door in a few steps, reaching out to grab Mrs. Lu, with sweat welling up on his forehead.
	“Grandma, it’s really a mess. You’d better not get in there.”
	“Never mind. I’ll clear it!” Unexpectedly, Mrs. Lu is stopped. All she could see is something bulging under the quilt, which arouses more of her interest to check it out.
	However, Luke refuses to make way.
	She tries to squeeze in but she fails, again and again. She worried yell that she pretends to lose the balance and falls down. Luke is terribly terrified and supports her immediately, “Grandma, are you alright?”
	“I’m a bit dizzy and my waist hurts... Ouch!” Mrs. Lu yells and looks bad, supporting her waist. She says, “I twisted my waist when I danced last time. It hurts again.”
	“Let me move you to the sofa, and you take a rest.” Luke says, moving her to the living room.
	Mrs. Lu gives Butler Wei a wink. The Butler instantly gets her meaning and yells in panic, “Mrs. Lu, a rat! Under you feet!”
	“Gosh!” Mrs. Lu gets a shock. She pushes Luke off and runs around, “Dear, get the rat! I fear rats above all others!”
	But this is an upmarket ancient apartment, which charges up to almost 8,000 dollars every year as property management fee. How could there be rats around?
	Luke looks down but sees not a single track of rats on the sparkling floor.
	Realizing his grandma makes a fool of him, Luke feels terrible. When he reaches his bedroom, Mrs. Lu is already beside the bed, who hints him for explanation of why there is a person on his bed.
	“...” His grandma never gets tired of this trick.
	Under such a big noise, Jenny can no longer be sound asleep.
	Out of her expectation, she sees an old granny in a blue chi-pao beside the bed at the moment she opens her eyes. Mrs. Lu looks at Jenny, smiling. Jenny is confused and looks at her back, lying stiff.
	“I...” Why is she even here?
	As Mrs. Lu stares at Jenny, she feels happier.
	It turns out that Luke went out to bring her girlfriend back home to sleep last night. Good for him!
	Mrs. Lu smiles more tenderly as she recalls they hugged each other the pharmacy. She sits down on the bed and asks in a caring tone, “Did you have a good sleep? Did Luke bully you?”
	Her questions confuse Jenny to a greater extend. Jenny looks aside and catches sight of the man’s sparkling eyes.
	She keeps staring at Luke’s wrinkled pajama, and looks down at her naked shoulders. Her almost shout and her fair hands tightly catch the quilt.
	Had she have sex with someone?
	
Chapter 18 Splendid Marriage Ceremony
	Seeing her motion and her embarrassed look, Mrs. Lu mistakes Jenny feels shy in front of her. So Mrs. Lu pats on Jenny’s shoulder and smiles more softly, “Take it easy. Get changed and let’s have breakfast.”
	Before Mrs. Lu leaves the room, she points at Luke, “Good for you. You should have told me!”
	Luke goes speechless.
	The two of them remain in the room after Mrs. Lu gets out.
	It can’t be more awkward.
	“Well...” Jenny can’t even burst into tears when thinking that she was brought back here last night. She feels too ashamed to ask whether he did that thing to her. All she could do is catch the quilt and bite her red lip.
	“Don’t worry. I’m not interested in the drunken girl.” Luke glances at her and turns around to leave the room.
	Jenny seems a bit suspicious of that, staring at his fading back.
	Really?
	She breathes a relief when she finds her dress only a bit wrinkled and no sign of doing that thing. She also wonders why he didn’t do that since he obviously spent the night with her together...
	Jenny pats on her cheek to stop herself from any wonders. She washes her face in the bathroom. It takes her quite a while before she gets out. Mrs. Lu is sitting by the table. She smiles at her, “Dear, come and have breakfast!”
	Jenny takes a look at Luke by the table and bites her lip. She gingerly sits opposite to him.
	Mrs. Lu shows hospitality to Jenny by putting a bowl of porridge to the front of Jenny. She pats on Luke’s hand when seeing her grandson is about to get the last fried egg, “Hey, don’t you see the fried bun?”
	Luke goes speechless and takes back his chopsticks.
	“Dear!” Mrs. Lu gets the egg for Jenny and says with a smile, “I made these, nutritious and healthy. Don’t let it cool down!”
	Speaking of that, she glances at Jenny’s plain belly.
	She has no idea how long Jenny has been pregnant.
	Ever since Jenny came back China, she has lived by herself and made food by herself. It was coldly silent in her apartment. So she feels warm with the sudden care from a granny.
	She lowers her head and takes a bite of the egg, with tears almost welling up in her eyes. She smiles at Mrs. Lu and says, “It’s yummy. You’re so good at cooking!”
	“It’s so sweet of you!” Mrs. Lu covers her smiling mouth, feeling pretty happy.
	Wow, she is a pretty and adorable girl!
	Mrs. Lu glances at Jenny’s belly again and she can’t bear it any longer. She gets close to Jenny and asks, “Dear, since you’re pregnant. Why not marry Luke?”
	“What?” This really scares Jenny so much that the egg drops out of her mouth.
	Luke sitting opposite to them also knits his eyebrows.
	It seems Mrs. Lu can’t see the expressions on their faces. She turns around to say to Mr. Wei happily, “Mr. Wei, please select a good day for their marriage!”
	“Sure!” The butler immediately takes out an iPad and presses on the screen rapidly.
	“No, madam. I...” When Jenny comes to herself, she hurries to explain while Eugene complains, patting her hand, “My grandson should have introduced you to me. Or else, you wouldn’t get married with a baby.”
	“Don’t worry. I’ll talk to him!” Eugene holds Jenny’s hand more tightly and says, “Chinese or western style, it’s up to you. I promise, you will have a splendid marriage ceremony!”
	
Chapter 19 Don’t Worry, I Won’t Marry You
	At this moment, the butler steps up and says, “Mrs. Lu, today’s an auspicious day.”
	“Hey, it is!” Mrs. Lu’s eyes sparkle. She makes an order immediately, “Call Mandy and Nick now and ask them to deliver the most expensive wedding dresses to here!”
	Jenny doesn’t even have a chance to talk.
	Can she be given a chance to talk?
	“Grandma...” Jenny tries hard to take her hand out of Mrs. Lu’s. She smiles reluctantly at Mrs. Lu and says, “I need to do the pregnancy check-ups. I should probably go.”
	“Right, of course!” Mrs. Lu nods fiercely. Luke comes out of his bedroom in a new suit, so she yells at him, “Luke, Jenny has to do the pregnancy check-ups. Go with her!”
	Luke is adjusting his bow-tie with his slender fingers. When he hears that, he frowns and says, “Grandma, I’ve got a lot to do.”
	“What could be more important than my great grandson?” Mrs. Lu glares at him and makes an order, “No more business today. Send Jenny to the hospital for check-ups and stay with her. Understand?”
	Luke worries his grandma would get mad, so he nods and says, “Yes, I’ll go with her now.”
	When the two of them set off after breakfast, Mrs. Lu follows them downstairs out of concerns. She doesn’t smile until she sees them onto the car, “Jenny, come back here for dinner. I’ll make soup for you to add more nutrition!”
	That gives Jenny a tremble. She squeezes a smile at Mrs. Lu and answers, “Okay...Okay.”
	The car leaves the gated community in no time.
	Jenny pats on her chest when she can no longer see Mrs. Lu. She seems to breathe a sigh. She turns to Luke and says, “Your grandma is really... pretty adorable.”
	Luke agrees.
	All of a sudden, the atmosphere gets silent and embarrassing.
	The sports car runs forward fast on the road with views and other cars running backwards. Luke strikes on the steering wheel with his slender fingers. He doesn’t ask before keeping silent for a while, “Your baby...”
	Jenny is shocked.
	She explains immediately in case Luke would worry she would entangle with him, “Mr. Lu, don’t worry. I won’t entangle with you, or marry you. But thanks for keeping me at your home last night.”
	Hearing that, Luke narrows his eyes for no reason and holds the wheel tightly.
	The temperature suddenly drops inside the car so that Jenny rubs her slender arms naturally. When she is about to ask Luke to adjust the air-conditioner, the car suddenly stops. She can’t help crashing forward.
	Luke says in a uniformly cold voice, “Here’s the hospital. Get out of the car.”
	Jenny comes to herself and gets out immediately.
	She thinks Luke would leave when they reach the hospital. Unexpectedly, Luke pulls over the car, locks it and walks to her.
	Jenny is confused.
	Isn’t he leaving?
	The obedient look on Jenny’s face drives Luke to lift the corners of his thin lips. He stands in front of her against the sun, and says, “It’s the weekend. There are many patients. You can’t handle it by yourself. I’ll be with you.”
	Jenny is surprised and waves her hands immediately, “No, thanks...”
	The mention of pregnancy check-ups was just an excuse to get rid of Mrs. Lu. How could she be pregnant?
	Luke looks at her and asks, “Jenny, you look nervous. Are you afraid of anything?”
	“Huh, nothing at all!” Jenny says immediately and laughs guiltily, “I just don’t want to bother you, since you’re so occupied...”
	“It’s okay. I’m available.”
	Jenny says nothing.
Chapter 20 Emergency
	Jenny has to accept his offer for she worries Luke would suspect her if she finds more excuses. She braces herself to follow him to the outpatient hall.
	It’s weekend and there are really many patients. They even have to line up in front of the automatic registration machine.
	Luke points at the rest area and says, “Go and find a seat there. I’ll line up for a service number.” He walks to the machine as he says, looking extraordinarily tall among the crowd.
	Jenny sits next to the woman who should be pregnant for almost 8 months. The belly under the dress looks like a round watermelon. Jenny can’t distract her attention from it and feels scared.
	It’s rather scary...
	“Hello, are you with your husband?” The woman, biting a crispy red apple and asks. It obviously because she saw Jenny come here with Luke.
	Jenny looks embarrassed and explains, “No, I...”
	“Premarital pregnancy, right?” The woman seems to know everything. She talks to Jenny emotionally, “Hey, you should have thought about yourself. He’s rather good looking. Don’t you worry he would treat on you?”
	Jenny goes speechless.
	Before Jenny says something, the woman says to her ears, “Let me tell you this. Men are very likely to have an affair when their wives are pregnant. In your case, you should pay attention to that!”
	At this moment, Luke is back with a service number.
	“It was a long queue.” Luke asks as he sees sweat welling up on Jenny’s forehead, “Well, are you sick?”
	Her mouth’s corners twitch.
	She is not sick at all. She is just scared by the woman next to her.
	The woman is sociable. When she sees Luke come back, she asks with a smile, “Your wife doesn’t look obviously pregnant. I guess it’s been two months, isn’t it? She might kick off the quilt in this period. You should take care of her.”
	Luke doesn’t know what to say.
	Jenny indeed kicked off the quilt the whole night and he tucked her in several times.
	The woman ignores the look on Luke’s face and keeps talking to him passionately. She mentions that the pregnant lose their temper easily, and hands and feet will bulge. So she even asks Luke to take good care of Jenny.
	When the woman is talking, her husband shows and leaves for the check-ups with her.
	Before she leaves, the woman doesn’t forget to remind Jenny, “Listen to me, if you can’t get to his heart, you’d better get to his money, in case you would get none of these!”
	Jenny goes speechless and completely breaks down. She doesn’t know how to face this passionate woman.
	After she leaves, Luke sits down next to Jenny. Instantly, Jenny can’t feel more embarrassed. She takes a peek at Luke who is frowning, and smiles awkwardly, “She’s pretty passionate, interesting...”
	Luke nods and agrees, “But she was right. You kept kicking off the quilt last night.”
	That makes Jenny’s face totally flush. She lowers her head down enough to reach her chest.
	She’s not pregnant!!
	Jenny expects that it would be a long turn to wait so that she can win more time before facing the awkward moment. However, half an hour later, it’s their turn. Jenny becomes more nervous instantly.
	What should she do? Is her number going to be shown on the screen?
	She usually bites fingers when she is nervous. As she bites her fingers, she looks at Luke. She unexpectedly finds him talking on the phone. He is frowning. Perhaps something bothers him.
	“I get it. You deal with it. I’ll be back soon.”
	Does he have an emergency?
	Jenny thinks to herself. When Luke hangs up, she gets closer to him and says, “Mr. Lu, if you have an emergency, you should go to deal with it. I'll just ask the doctor if I have anything.”
	“Never mind. You’re the next one. Let’s wait.”
	“I can. Trust me!” Jenny is worried that Luke refuses to leave. She incites him, “It must be something urgent. Please go back. I can ask doctors for help if anything happens.”
	
Chapter 21 Live in Luke’s Mansion
	Luke hesitates for a while but nods in the end. He also inputs his own number to Jenny’s phone.
	“Call me anytime.”
	Jenny gawks at him in surprise as he leaves.
	What makes him take so great care of her?
	Knowing Jenny is pregnant, does he want to be the father of her baby?
	When seeing her own service number on the screen, Jenny gives her registration number to the pregnant woman next to her and says with a smile, “Madam, you seem anxious. It’s my turn. Just take it.”
	The woman’s husband extends thanks to her and then supported his wife to leave.
	Jenny waves at them and remains in the seat for ten minutes to make sure Luke has driven away. Then she leaves the hospital sneakily and soothes herself by patting on the chest after walking for quite a while.
	The one who made a call to Luke was her savior, without whom she would have met some gynecologists!
	Having left the apartment so urgently this morning, Jenny didn’t have much breakfast so she feels a bit stomachache now. She enters the breakfast shop without hesitation at the sight of it.
	“Sir, duck soup with vermicelli and steamed bun, please!”
	“Sure!”
	The tasty breakfast is served soon.
	She gets the chopsticks and begins to eat. She feels satisfied at the delicious duck.
	She could have eaten more if she doesn’t have to keep a diet!
	When she is enjoying her breakfast, Jenny senses someone stops next to her. She can’t help looking at the person. The sight of the person gives her a terrible shock so that she spurts the duck out of her mouth.
	“Grandma?!”
	...
	Luke’s mansion.
	“Seriously? Mr. Lu is getting married?”
	“Of course it’s true. Mrs. Lu has brought her back home! Wedding dresses have been delivered here, didn’t you know that?”
	“That’s true! That lady is so fortunate to marry Mr. Lu. She’ll become the daughter-in-law of a billionaire!”
	Maids are talking as they are working. Every single word of their conversation shows their jealousy and envy to the future granddaughter-in-law.
	Luke is one of the rare bachelors in Xicheng who enjoys a high status and appeals to many heiresses. Whoever marries him would arouse other women’s jealousy.
	Maids are making guesses. A century wedding ceremony is probably going to be held.
	Inside the house, a dozen of maids hold the exquisite wedding dress to the living room. Mrs. Lu drags Jenny to the middle of the dresses and says to her with a smile, “Jen, you can try any of these!”
	Jenny twitches the corners of her mouth as she takes a look at all these valuable dresses.
	She didn’t expect she would be brought back their home when she was having breakfast outside the hospital.
	Look at all this. Is she really going to marry Luke?
	“Grandma, to be honest, I...” Jenny tries to explain and confess that she’s not pregnant and that she has nothing to do with Luke. Out of blue, Mrs. Lu puts her hand on Jenny’s bully, giving Jenny a shock.
	“It doesn’t show. I don’t think it’s been over two months.” Mrs. Lu mumbles and asks Jenny, “Jenny, would you please show me the check-up report?”
	How could Jenny get the report since she is not even pregnant?
	Before Jenny responses, Mrs. Lu says as she touches Jenny’s belly, “When Luke’s mother was pregnant, her belly didn’t show either. It didn’t bulge until it was five months and it will like a big watermelon!”
Chapter 22 Dear, Be Careful
	That’s an awful metaphor.
	Jenny shivers convulsively, looking at her own belly after recalling the pregnant woman in the hospital. “Really...” She can’t think of what else to say, faking a smile at Mrs. Lu.
	“Listen, things will get particularly harder after you get pregnant. You must always be careful!” Mrs. Lu moves Jenny to the sofa carefully in case she would crash into something.
	“Jenny, you live here from today!” Mrs. Lu says in such a firm tone that Jenny has no chance to negotiate. “Don’t work anymore. I’ll ask maids to take good care of you.”
	“Ah? No, I don’t...” Jenny gets a bit anxious, worrying Mrs. Lu would really force her to stay.
	Before she is about to say something, Mrs. Lu pats on her hand and says, smiling, “Don’t worry. I promise Luke will spend more time with you, taking you out for a walk and giving prenatal education.”
	“The bone soup.” Then Mrs. Lu hurries to the kitchen.
	Jenny says nothing.
	Mrs. Lu keeps Jenny in Lu’s.
	Four capable maids are appointed to take care of her daily routine. The most prestigious wedding dress and jewelry designers are invited. If Jenny likes none of their designs, Mrs. Lu will ask Luke to invite other designers.
	Yet Mrs. Lu’s considerate care overwhelms Jenny, leaving her in panic all the time.
	How could she marry Luke, a man having nothing to do with her?
	Jenny brainstorms every possible way to get away all the time. She disguised herself as different characters, a maid going out to throw the rubbish and an assistant cook going out to purchase food. But Mrs. Lu managed to stop her every time she was about to leave.
	“I know, it’s the rehearsal, isn’t it?” Mrs. Lu seems to have no clue of her escape, and persuades her and shows great care, “Jen, stop practicing. No more acting for a period of time. Just take care of my great grandson.”
	Jenny giggles, not knowing how to respond.
	Jenny can’t bear anymore three days later in Lu’s, so she starts to plan escape again.
	She sneaks downstairs at most maids’ nap time, runs to the garden through the living room and climbs onto the top of a wall by the pipe. There suddenly comes the voice of Mrs. Lu.
	“Oh, no! My dear, what are you doing up there?” Mrs. Lu runs to Jenny followed by the maids. She can hardly breathe and her face turns pale when seeing Jenny sit high on the wall.
	“Get a ladder, hurried!” The pale-looking Mrs. Lu shouts at the maids and turns to Jenny, “Oh please. You scare me and the baby.”
	Jenny’s smiling countenance looks even more terrible than her crying one.
	To her surprise, her plan to sneak out at nap time still fails.
	At this moment, a black sports car comes in the yard and a tall figure gets out of it. The combination of a white shirt, trousers and exquisite Tourbillon on the left wrist presents elegance and composure.
	Luke throws his car key to the butler and walks to Mrs. Lu. He frowns at the sight of those maids, “Grandma, what are you doing in the sun?”
	“Come, your wife climbed onto the wall!” Mrs. Lu drags Luke back and points Jenny on the wall, saying terribly anxiously, “She’s high up there. I’m scared to death!”
	Luke looks up, following Mrs. Lu’s finger.
	
Chapter 23 Push her to the ground
	On the top of the high wall indecently sits Jenny in a dark gray knitted dress. Facing Luke against the sun, she lightly bites her lip and looks particularly confused of what to do.
	Jenny’s heart trembles when she makes eye contact with Luke.
	“I...” She is anxious to explain the whole story but afraid he wouldn’t believe her, so she pulls down the hemline awkwardly.
	The pull abruptly drags her down from the top due to the sedentary numbness in her legs.
	“Oh my god!” screams Mrs. Lu, whose face turns even paler.
	Luke runs faster than the maids. He reaches out his powerful arms before Jenny falls onto them; her light body remains slightly trembling in his arms.
	Jenny keeps her eyes tightly shut, worrying she would fall onto the lawn.
	She carefully opens them when she feels the warmth of Luke’s arms and smells his cold breath. She looks up at him and lowers her head down, “Thank you...”
	Why is she in Lu’s house?
	She promised to leave him in the car but she is in his house again. When thinking about this, he becomes cold. He throws her down onto the lawn and says in an emotionless voice, “I need an explanation!”
	“I...” Jenny pulls the hemline, biting her lip.
	“Jenny, are you alright?” Mrs. Lu runs to her, feeling over Jenny’s body to make sure she’s alright. Then Mrs. Lu soothes herself, patting on the chest, “Oh dear, you scared the hell out of me!”
	“Explanation, I need one now.” Luke repeats his question, having received no response.
	Explain why she appears in his house again!
	But Mrs. Lu mistakes Luke’s questioning as worrying why she climbed onto a wall. To defend Jenny, Mrs. Lu instantly says, “Luke, that’s because, I...”
	“She explains it!” Luke sharply interrupts Mrs. Lu. But Jenny still remains unmoved, lowering her head, so Luke pulls her to the house by the arm, “Come with me. Let’s talk it over!”
	He walks fast with long legs while Jenny staggers to catch up.
	Right after Mrs. Lu sees that from behind, she shouts at Luke, “Luke, she’s pregnant. If anything happened to my great grandson, I’d kill you!”
	Luke frowns and carries Jenny on his arms directly so that Mrs. Lu feels somewhat relieved.
	He goes upstairs to the room. He kicks the door open and throws Jenny onto the bed. As he takes off his bow-tie, he coldly watches Jenny get up on her hands and knees from the bed with her fair legs particularly dazzling in the air.
	“Well, I...” Jenny hesitates and knows nothing to say.
	The truth doesn’t make sense for him and he would definitely retort, “You got legs, why didn’t you run away? That’s a crap excuse!”
	Luke casts a glance at her and turns around to the bathroom, “You got time to organize your words.”
	Ah?
	Jenny gets confused, watching him go into the bathroom.
	He said he needed a talk, but why does he go to the bathroom on his own?
	Does he mean...
	At the thought of something embarrassing, Jenny’s face flushes and she gets out of bed.
	At this moment, the bathroom’s door opens and Luke steps out.
	Water drops from his wet hair over his muscular chest of a healthy complexion to the bath towel wrapped around his waist. His sexy look stuns Jenny.
	But she finds it a huge pity when peeking down only to find the sexy V lines are behind the towel.
	Not to be seen...
	Two long legs approach and stop in front of Jenny when she is peeking.
	“Ready to tell me?” Luke wipes his short hair with a towel and sits down, lifting his sexy and thin lips, right next to Jenny who shivers, surrounded by his hormone.
	“Sorry.” Jenny moves aside to get rid of his hormone, “I know it’s my fault to bring all this to you. I promise, it won’t...”
	“You promise?” Luke stops the wiping abruptly and moves closer to her. It gives Jenny such a shock that she crawls on hands and knees to the sofa and shrinks into herself. Luke adds, “You promised you wouldn’t be around me, but now?”
	“I didn’t mean it.” Jenny almost bursts into tears and says after hesitation, “I came across your grandma outside the hospital. She brought me back here, so...”
	As Jenny says that, Luke’s eyes narrow more lightly and he says, “So you’ve been here for days?”
	Jenny confesses reluctantly.
	Sensing Luke was angry, Jenny immediately vows to Luke, “Don’t worry. I’ll leave right now and never ever bother you again!”
	As she speaks, she slightly pushes Luke away and runs to the door in panic.
	Luke slightly frowns, gets up, steps up, reaches out to get her and says, “Jenny...”
	“Oh!” Abruptly, she is turned around, falls to his naked chest and pulls down his bath towel because her leg goes limp and she slides down. Instantly, Luke’s face falls.
	
Chapter 24 the Bath Towel is Torn off
	Bang!
	They both fall on the cold floor.
	“Luke, listen up. Jenny is pregnant, don’t bully her...” As the voice gets nearer, the half closed door is pushed open.
	Mrs. Lu gradually turns shocked when she stares at them at the door.
	That...
	His grandson is far bolder than she expected!
	When Luke and Jenny turn to make eye contact with her, Mrs. Lu immediately fakes blindness. She turns back and mumbles, “Old people have poor eyesight. Everything becomes vague...”
	Luke and Jenny go speechless.
	After Mrs. Lu leaves the bathroom, Luke looks down at Jenny.
	The seriousness in his eyes is a bit scary for Jenny. She subconsciously turns aside and catches her dress tightly, mumbling, “You get off me...”
	Luke says nothing, casting a glance at her belly. He seems to think of something, narrowing his eyes, and he asks in a suspicious and cold tone, “You’re not pregnant?”
	“I...” Jenny bites her lip. She didn’t believe he had such sharp eyes. Since her lie is exposed, she stumbles, “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean it. Your grandma is pushy, so I...”
	She continues to convince him, “I didn’t mean to come here. Your grandma kept me here. I tried a couple of times to tell the truth, but she always interrupted me.”
	Luke’s frowning eyebrows gradually relax as he listens to her.
	She is not pregnant.
	Luke grabs the towel, wraps himself and stands up, before Jenny crawls up in panic. Her face flushes as she tidies up her clothes and says, “I’m sorry. I really didn’t mean it. I’m leaving now...”
	She did pull down Luke’s towel. How embarrassing!
	Luke lowers his head, muttering, “From today, you’ll live in my house.”
	Jenny looks up at him, looking confused.
	She tells him she is forced to stay here before. Why he invites her to stay here?
	Luke’s eyes flash with a smile when he looks at her adorable face. As he wipes his wet hair, he explains the reason.
	“My grandma has a heart problem, so any provocation could be risky. If you told her you are not pregnant, it would be a huge attack to her. If anything happened, you would feel sad.”
	Jenny looks reluctant, biting her fingers.
	It’s unbelievable that his grandma who is in a poor condition looks vigorous.
	Luke lifts his thin lips at the sight of Jenny’s upset look, and says, “Besides, negative rumors about you still have an influence. You will be attacked by reporters if you go out.”
	Jenny finds it make sense but living in his house...
	She looks up carefully to look at Luke and her heart beats strongly when they make eye contact. She immediately lowers her head down and hesitates before says, “If you don’t mind, I will bother you some days...”
	Luke says okay.
	He finds Jenny quite adorable with a flushed face.
	At lunchtime, Jenny and Luke get downstairs together. Mrs. Lu can’t hide her smile when seeing them. She runs to hold Jenny and says softly, “The stairs have been mopped. Be careful.”
	Jenny almost chokes herself.
	At the glance of Luke, Jenny has no choice but to nod, awkward but obedient, “Okay, I will.”
	...
	The maids find Mrs. Lu has smiled all the time and become more and more happily ever since Jenny came here.
	Mrs. Lu has not only made clothes for her future great grandson, but also gone shopping every day with the butler for fresh fruits and food to make soup for her future daughter-in-law, which has aroused the maids’ jealousy.
	The lady will marry a handsome, rich man whose grandma shows great care to her as well! And she will enjoy a large fortune and power as her son is born with a high status in this family!
	On a nice day, Jenny learns knitting with Mrs. Lu in the warm sun.
	“Dear, you got the wrong direction.” Mrs. Lu teaches Jenny patiently, step by step, “It’ll get loose hooked from inside out, but it’ll work well from the opposite way.”
	Nodding her head, Jenny uses the needle clumsily, “Like this, the opposite way?”
	Soon two hours have passed.
	When Luke drives back home, he finds Jenny and Mrs. Lu in the garden and the dim sum and tea are barely eaten on the table.
	Jenny, lowering her head, is hooking skillfully and silently with colorful threads, under the yellow twilight which penetrates through the gaps between leaves. No one would be willing to interrupt this wonderful moment.
	Jenny compresses her lips and smiles at Mrs. Lu. Luke abruptly but silently holds his steps, looking mysterious in his eyes.
	Ever since Jenny stayed in his house, she has always amused Mrs. Lu. Even he himself has felt more hilarious at home.
	She is indeed adorable of no arrogance.
	“Sir, welcome back.”
	As the maid’s respectful greeting travels to Mrs. Lu, she waves at him, “Luke, come over!”
	Luke goes to them, “Have you spent the whole afternoon siting right here?”
	“What? Does it bother you?” Mrs. Lu rolls eyes at him and points at the rough baby doll in Jenny’s hand, saying happily, “My dear is really smart. She’s a rapid learner!”
	Jenny feels flattered and smiles, “Thanks, because I have a great teacher.”
	“Oh, how sweet of you!” Mrs. Lu says happily. She rushes back inside, seeming to think of something, “Oh, the soup might be done!”
	Mrs. Lu leaves the two of them in the garden.
	Feeling a bit embarrassed, Jenny shakes the doll and looks shy, saying, “I made this for the first time. Does it look bad?”
	Luke takes it over to have a look. He flashes with a smile, “A little bit.”
	Both eyes aren’t symmetric.
	His answer is out of her expectation, so she tries to take the doll back angrily. But Luke leaves with it and says in a happy voice, “Go to have a dinner.”
	“Luke, give it back to me!” Jenny runs after him, “I don’t expect you to like it!”
	...
	The representatives of Luke Up Group will negotiate with Jade Picture again on Tuesday since the top chairman of Jade Picture is forced to give up his shares under Luke’s constant pressure and makes Luke Up Group in full charge of Jade Picture.
	On the purchase day, all staff of Luke Up Group raises hands to cheer.
	The news is also massively hyped, which says the famous domestic Jade Picture was purchased by Luke Up Group and the stock went up by 3% on the purchase day; the booming Luke UP Group has no competitors in China.
	“The one who purchased Jade Picture is your company. Why you become the trending topic?” George lies on the European sofa, shaking his long feet, “Hey, look at this, idol of girls.”
	
Chapter 25 Take Her to a Banquet
	He then turns around to look at Luke and says, giggling, “It’ll be a grand banquet tonight. Leaders and artists of Jade Picture will present. Who will be your companion?”
	Luke holds his hand abruptly and lifts his lips slightly, “That girl, of course.”
	His words scare George almost out of the sofa.
	Luke’s smile looks extremely horrible.
	“It’s Luke’s idea?” Jenny looks at the stylists around her confusedly.
	A moment ago, she is learning to make western dim sum from Mrs. Lu while a moment later, she is taken to an upmarket dress shop.
	“Yes.” A stylist answers politely, “Mr. Lu said he’ll be here after fetching the jewelry. Please cooperate with us and we’ll do the dressing for you.”
	Jenny hesitates before nodding, “Alright then.”
	Her words bring relief to the stylists who get the work started at once.
	About half an hour later, Jenny stands in front of a full-length mirror, dressed in the light purple haute couture. Her slim arms show and she looks tall in the dress, with a light smile on her face.
	Those stylists have worked for many pretty artists, but they are stunned by Jenny’s freshness and elegance.
	“Mr. Lu, welcome!”
	Hearing the polite greeting, Jenny stops admiring herself and turns around immediately only to find Luke in a black suit walking steadily to her with a small exquisite bag in his hand.
	The man's hair was meticulously clinging to the back of his head, revealing his broad forehead. His eyes filled with a smile. He has a tall and slender figure. The long legs under the trousers are extremely eye-catching and he is outstanding in temperament.
	He stops in front of Jenny and admires her for a while, “You look beautiful.”
	Jenny’s face instantly flushes. She bites her lip and says, “Thank you. You look handsome.”
	People around them smile sneakily.
	Luke takes the jewelry out of the box and wears it for Jenny by himself. At the sight of the brand, Jenny gets too nervous to speak, “Venus...”
	“Yes, Goddess Venus.” Luke finds her reaction quite intriguing and continues her words, “I borrow it from Eshmour for tonight’s banquet.”
	Jenny doesn’t know what to say.
	He can even borrow the jewelry worth nearly $850,000...
	The cloakroom in Luke’s mansion.
	Jenny is dazzled as she admires in surprise the sparkling winter key collection, Goddess Venus, from Eshmour.
	Eshmour always defines itself as an upmarket brand, which doesn’t lend the jewelry to even famous artists. Only women with a large fortune and power buy their jewelry on their own. Up till now, Sandy Chen has remained the first Chinese female to wear it as a brand ambassador last year.
	Sandy is of course more than being famous, but the powerful movie queen who has won two movie awards, the most authoritative ones, last year. Flop plays have never been her choice; all her movies have won awards. It’s not exaggerating to say all her nominations will come to awards.
	“This should be first worn by the brand ambassador on the winter jewelry exhibition, shouldn’t it?”
	Jenny asks in a hesitated tone, worrying it would arouse any trouble if she was to wear it.
	She’d still love to work in the line of entertainment, so she has to avoid any offence, in particular, to an idol of hers, Sandy Chen.
	Luke looks calm and gets the necklace from the box.
	It’s said that Goddess Venus necklace has two sets, one is the fine-ripple platinum necklace with two chains inlaid with broken diamonds as pendants, and the other one is the caved-hollow fine platinum necklace with a pendant inlaid with a natural amethyst. The carved-hollow design not only shows the texture but also is lighter to wear.
	Two sets together are called Goddess Venus.
	The one hangs on Luke’s hands is the ripple one, making his hands look as fair as jade. Jenny finds a man’s hands also could be beautiful.
	She is lost in thought, attracted by his hands, so that she doesn’t realize Luke’s arm circle her neck.
	“The company is looking for a new brand ambassador. Whoever wears this in the winter exhibition doesn’t matter. What matters to them is who can wear next year’s key collection as a brand ambassador in the spring exhibition.”
	The low voice recalls Jenny. There was a scorching breath on her neck, which made her froze. Instantly, she feels panic and hesitates to escape to her safety zone.
	“Don’t move.” Luke says in an ordering tone.
	She is stunned, raising her arm to get the necklace from Luke. She mumbles, “I got it. I can...”
	“You know how much it costs. If you break it, you’ll have to compensate and even get involved in a lawsuit...”
	Hearing that, Jenny’s arm abruptly gets stiff and her hands maintain in the air for quite a while. She could nearly get the necklace but forces herself to put down the hand after giving his words a thought.
	A wise man knows when to retreat. If she really broke it, she would be broken as well.
	The beautiful Goddess Venus collection seems like a hot potato to Jenny. She feels like her skin is burnt and hesitates before asking, “Do I have to wear it?”
	“Yes.” It’s a strong and steady answer. As Jenny breathes, she smells the light Cologne, which is unique to Luke.
	Watching Jenny’s helpless look, Luke frowns slightly and reflects whether his tone was too serious.
	A moment later, he says blandly.
	“President of Eshmour is looking for a new brand ambassador of next spring’s exhibition since the last one doesn’t match the new image. But the access threshold has been reduced lately to artists present on various ceremonies, so you’re just one of them.”
	It sounds like a purposed explanation since his voice sounds much more caring, different from the uniformly strict and cold one.
	Hearing that, his assistant Joyce opens the mouth wide enough to put an egg in and Liliana, a uniformly calm secretary, twitches the mouth corners. They all looks at their boss unbelievably.
	He never explains much. It seems strange!
	Luke seems to feel their strange eyes and turns around to hint them a warning. They don’t even dare to breathe and put on their normal look immediately.
	“Oh.” says Jenny who then immerses herself in her world, thinking about her idol gets replaced, so that she doesn’t realize what Luke is really trying to say.
	Luke helps Jenny wear the silver necklace with the help of stylists. Her skin looks even fairer with the necklace and the purple dress.
	Jenny is stunned by herself in the mirror.
	She has tried various evening dresses which were all pink ones, for the previous company defined her as a young girl, even though she is 20 instead of 17. But she had no choice as an employee.
	Now, in this purple dress, she looks as elegant as celebrities, and as sexy as young women with the naked back design. The jewelry even adds more beauty to her.
	“So pretty.” Jenny can’t help saying out her mind.
	The stylist beside her puts on an understanding smile, and other people cast a look at Luke together.
	“Do you mean you’re pretty or the style is pretty?”
	It sounds cold but it’s actually a joke, which can be told from his eyes.
	“Both, okay? The dress is pretty, but I’m not bad.” Jenny lifts her eyebrows with her dark eyes sparkling, which looks cunning.
	Luke stares at her eyes and feels a strong beat in his heart. Over the past years, he never has such feelings.
	“Fine.” His hoarse voice rarely sounds warm.
	All the people here are astonished to see that.
	“Come over.” He raises his arms and slightly waves at her to invite her to come.
	Jenny doesn’t understand but touches her face and turns around at the mirror, “What? Anything on my face?”
	Luke frowns and walks to her.
	Joyce pulls Lilian’s sleeve and tips stylists a wink before they all leave the room silently. Only Jenny and Luke remain in the big dressing room.
	
Chapter 26 He’s not serious
	Jenny takes a look at her face in the mirror, but finds nothing on it, which looks tender and fair with the delicate and light make-up. So she subconsciously turns around, “Nothing’s on...”
	As she turns around, she almost bumps into a person before she finishes the word. Being scared, she loses balance and her high heels twist. She shouts, seeing herself falling straight to the floor. Suddenly, her waist is supported and a low voice above her says, “Am I so hideous?”
	Jenny hesitates and only opens one eye to make sure she doesn’t fall onto the floor. Then she puts on an embarrassing smile, “Absolutely not. Well, just I got scared by your sudden appearance.”
	Luke doesn’t believe her explanation at all. Luke doesn’t believe her explanation at all. They maintain this ambiguous movement until Jenny's face blushed.
	“Mr. Lu, would you please let go of me?”
	Jenny swallows her saliva and asks cautiously.
	After all, it’s a difficult move.
	Luke’s eyes deepen a bit, and the arm resting on her waist is motionless, and he says in a deep voice, "Can you let me go first?"
	“Ah?” Jenny blinks her eyes and looks down. She follows his gaze and finds that she is grasping his suit sleeves. She feels embarrassed. After a few seconds of reaction, she released her hands in a panic. "I, I, I ... It's conditioned reflex...sorry.”
	Luke helps her stand firmly, loosens her waist, and answers indifferently, “Well.” Then he turns around to adjust his tie. Jenny sticks out her tongue and lowers her head to check the messy necklace.
	Jenny doesn’t notice Luke seems to breathe a relief behind her.
	Luke is absent-minded when adjusts his tie and frowns as he recalls what happened just now. Jenny seems to have a magic which makes him unwilling to let go of his hands when he grabs her.
	Jenny is too careless to notice the room remains awkwardly silent for over 10 seconds. To soothe the embarrassment, she hesitates to ask, “Were you trying to say anything?”
	Luke turns around to cast a glance at her and the earrings of Goddess Venus collection in the box, and says, “Put them on, get ready and we’re about to leave.”
	He wanted to put them on for her by himself.
	He doesn’t know where that idea comes from. It seems he can’t control his own mind.
	Luke gets somewhat confused by his abnormal behavior, but feels some unexplained warmth as he stares at Jenny clumsily putting on the earrings.
	Why does his grandma like such a clumsy girl?
	“I help you.” He says reluctantly.
	Jenny doesn’t refuse him because she is not used to putting on earrings. In the past, stylists did it for her and pierced ears for her. The pain lasted for quite a few days and her ears even got infectious, causing much trouble. So she doesn’t dare to put on earrings by herself.
	The silver needle pierces through the ear hole with some feeling like a current of electricity, which travels from her fair earlobe to Luke’s palm. He lowers his head to see her face and finds her looking nervous with her eyelashes trembling.
	“Are you nervous?”
	Not even a man ever put on anything for her?
	“Well...Be gentle, please. It might hurt.”
	The previous infection hasn’t completely recovered. She still can’t conquer her fear.
	Luke is slightly shocked and flashes some concern in his cold eyes a short while later.
	Interesting.
	...
	The whole Purple Cloud Palace Hotel is rented for a commercial banquet starting from half past eight tonight. A long red carpet stretches from the door, making the business banquet more like an award ceremony. Female stars from Jade Picture dressed seductively to contend for beauty and fascination under the clicking flashing light.
	“I heard that the purchaser of our company would present tonight.” Jessica leans on Frankie’s shoulder and circles on his chest in a private dressing room.
	“So? You like him?” Frankie seems somewhat distracted.
	The news he came across two days ago inexplicably vexes him.
	How on earth did Jenny get acquainted with Luke?
	“Ridiculous.” Jessica grumbles coyly. She stops circling and hits him by the chest, “That’s nonsense. Am I a follower of the rich and powerful?”
	“Alright, don’t be mad. Of course you’re not.”
	“But somebody is.” Jessica lowers her head and flashes with fierceness, but she continues in a pitiful tone, “Frankie, do you think people change?”
	“Why are you being so sentimental today?”
	“I read the news. Jen is dating with that man, is it true?”
	As Jessica says that, Frankie’s eyes turn serious and he says in a lower and impatient tone, “Luke is not an ordinary person, would he like an unknown star? Even if he likes her now, it wouldn’t last a long time. Are you jealous?”
	Jessica goes blue with terror by his sudden question. She lowers her head to concentrate and her eyes glitter with shock, “Frankie, I just feel sorry for you. After all, you grew up with Jen, but she dates another one after the break up or...”
	She continues in a weaker voice, “They have known each other for a long time.”
	Frankie’s face turns pale as he says, “What are you trying to say? We’re not related after breaking up. She has the right to choose whoever she likes. What’s that got to do with me?”
	His words make sense but his reaction is sort of fierce.
	Jessica abruptly feels upset. A while later, she raises her head, gritting her teeth, with tears welling up in her pitiful eyes, before sobbing out, “Frankie, I know Jenny is better than me. Do you regret being with me?”
	Seeing Jessica’s pitiful crying look, he regrets his strong tone. After all, she’s pregnant with his baby.
	“No.” He says in a softer tone, raising his arms to embrace Jessica, “Jessica, I’ve been busy with the purchase thing lately. I get upset sometimes.”
	Jessica shows her understanding, obediently leaning on his chest, and stops this unhappy topic.
	“Plus, I know Jenny. She’s not that kind of person.”
	Hearing that, Jessica abruptly looks up at the side of Frankie’s face, and she’s shocked to find he is distracted. She starts to worry again.
	She has won Jenny, how come she feels like she gets nothing as before?
	There come the knocking and the voice of the agent, “Jessica, you’d better not stay inside for too long. Let’s get out now. Everyone is expecting Mr. Lu in the hall.”
Chapter 27 Banquet Situation (1)
	Since Jade Picture was purchased by Luke Up Group, stars from Jade Picture have started to make plans. It’s well-known that Luke Up Group has many excellent male elites. Moreover, it has the military and political background. Whoever has the chance to date an important figure will have a promising future in the entertainment circle.
	“Here he is...”
	Someone shouts and the noisy people instantly shut up, leaving the elegant music echoing in the silent hall.
	Luke Lu, the most powerful business tycoon these years in Xicheng, comes out of a stretched Lincoln limousine at the gate where the long red carpet starts.
	He looks even taller in an advanced customized black suit with appropriate tailoring, straight trousers above ankles and polished shoes. Every single one of his motions shows his nobility, bending over to get off the car, turning around and raising his arm to support his companion.
	“He’s with a companion?”
	“It is impossible.”
	Some low voices question in the crowd.
	Part of the fair arm proves that must be a female, though her face is vague under the flashing light.
	Luke used to attend banquets with George, not a female mate. So people even suspected Luke was not interested in women.
	Jenny hesitates a bit since she’s influenced by scandals now. Luke didn’t tell her it would be such a grand banquet.
	Seeing Jenny maintain unmoved, Luke doesn’t urge her because he’s curious about He wants to see what the psychological quality of this woman is.
	Jenny glances over the red carpet in the car, and sees stars from Jade Picture on one end of the carpet, among who is Jessica who stands like a queen by Frankie and stares at her direction with doubts.
	Anger wells up in Jenny’s heart for her disloyal friend instead of the jerk.
	But she can’t lose the face. Luke is a huge backbone for her. Why not make full use of him?
	As Jenny gets out, holding Luke by the arm, her long backless purple dress drags to the floor. She finally shows, wearing a happy smile on her angel-like face and facing cameras generously.
	“Do I know her?”
	“It’s Jenny.”
	“That’s not possible.”
	Luke lifts his lips up slightly as he finds it interesting that Jenny is not as weak as she looks.
	Mr. Wang from Jade Picture has waited at the gate for a long time. When Luke shows, he puts on a smile to welcome Luke, “Mr. Lu, you’re finally here. I thought you wouldn’t come as you are always occupied.”
	When seeing Jenny, Mr. Wang hesitates to ask, “And this beautiful lady is?”
	“Wow, you don’t even recognize your star?” Luke’s eyes flash with coldness.
	Corruption is serious in Jade Picture, and it should be rearranged.
	Mr. Wang is confused until he’s reminded. He says, wiping the sweat on his forehead, “Of course not. She’s Jenny from Shawn’s group, isn’t she? She’s too pretty today. I didn’t know Jenny is acquainted with you.”
	As he finishes his words, he looks at Jenny kindly, “Jenny, you must be busy shooting lately. If you are tired, tell us and we’ll shorten your schedule.”
	Jenny hesitates to say, “Mr. Wang, I have no jobs lately...”
	She’s nearly fired, how would she have jobs?
	Mr. Wang changes his face and glances at the people around him. Before Jenny continues, someone who looks like an assistant interrupts, “It’s getting late. Everyone is waiting for the champagne. Mr. Lu, this way please.”
	Jenny has no chance to say the company wants to terminate an agreement with her.
	She frowns and stops talking. Then she walks to the hall, holding Luke by the arm.
	When she passes Jessica and Frankie, she merely glances at them coldly as if they were strangers.
	Jessica stands there, clenching her fist. If she is right, Jenny is wearing Goddess Venus from Eshmour’s winter key collection. Luke even gets this for her to wear. Obviously, they have special relation.
	“But do you think you have backer? Jenny, just wait and see.”
	After the champagne opening, Luke clinks glasses with John Wang, the previous president of Jade Picture, in front of all stars and leaders from Jade Picture. This is a sign to clear all previous contradictions for the future cooperation. This is what it looks like but everyone knows clearly what it is really like behind.
	They are happy to toast each other, but they all have their own thought.
	Jenny stands off the stage, feeling bored. She ate nothing and drank nothing during those two hours when stylists dressed up for her. She’s been hungry. Seeing the attracting desserts on the table, she makes up her mind. Forget the diet since there are no jobs lately.
	Even though she thinks so, she naturally picks up the smallest cake and carefully tastes it bite by bite with a fork.
	When she was new in the entertainment circle, Shawn told her chewing slowly would make her feel stuffed faster.
	In fact, Jenny cares least about keeping diets in the whole company. Other stars don’t even eat desserts.
	“Jenny.” Someone calls her.
	Jenny turns around and finds several stars carrying the hemlines and wine glasses and walking towards her. They are not famous but they like to form cliques.
	In the past, Jenny disliked them, the leader Mimi in particular. Mimi likes to visit Mr. Wang in the office all the time. She did get many good chances but she didn’t get popular at all. The company is helpless about her.
	Seeing they are coming to her, she feels the cake doesn’t taste good any more.
	“Long time no see, Jenny.” Mimi wears a black gauze skirt and walked with a scent of fragrance. Her style is being sexy. She wears so little that her breasts are almost exposed and even women can’t help looking at them.
	Jenny thinks to herself, “I don’t think we’re close.”
	But she still appears gentle, “It’s been long. You’re always busy.”
	Mimi shakes her hand, “Not quite busy. Just the propaganda for the movies last year. I don’t have a job for this year yet. But you’ve been quite a trending topic lately.”
	Mimi’s words make Jenny frown.
	“I don’t mean those faking scandals.”
	Mimi seems to realize she said something wrong so she changes a topic and says with smile, “I have a job. The previous second leading canceled the contract on her own, so the director is really anxious. I think you match the character. If you’re not busy, I can recommend you for the audition.”
	
Chapter 28 Banquet Situation (2)
	Nobody pleases people with no reason.
	Mimi’s sudden passion arouses Jenny’s subconscious precaution. Jenny recalls and doubts why Mimi recommends her for the audition since they rarely interact with each other.
	“Mimi, please get to the point.”
	“Well, we have some sort of connection for you look just like my younger sister.”
	“Oh, Mimi, I think I look like your sister as well. Why don’t you recommend me for the audition?” the star beside her can’t help asking directly, “We’re just curious. When did you meet Luke?”
	“Tell us.” another star asks, “You never told us before. Were you trying to avoid arousing suspicion on the purchase? You’re so low profile.”
	That’s what they come to her for.
	Jenny breathes a relief in her heart. Fortune and power indeed endow her with the right to speak. Those ladies used to ignore her but now trouble to care for her thanks to Mr. Lu.
	“We’re just friends.” Jenny slightly lowers her head, unnaturally wiping her hair.
	Those are her typical gestures when she tells a lie.
	In fact, she’s not even a friend of Luke. To be honest, their relation is obscure. Pretending to be a couple at home, what kind of relation is it?
	Since she helps Luke amuse his grandma, it won’t be too utilitarian for her to use him to get an acting chance.
	Jenny comforts herself.
	“People like to cheat the media that they are ordinary friend before opening their relation. You are great, Jenny.” Mimi blinks her eyes, looking like an evildoer, “Never mind. I’m not taking advantage of you. I just hope you can say something nice for me to Luke if possible.”
	Jenny hesitates before asking, confused, “Well, I don’t think I can help. After all, Mr. Lu isn’t in direct charge of stars from Jade Picture.”
	Mimi looks helpless. She glances at Jenny’s jewelry, “Don’t you tell me that you have no idea Mr. Lu is responsible for several big brands’ endorsement? Isn’t Goddess Venus the key winter collection of Eshmour?”
	Yes, she is right.
	Jenny remains absent-minded for a while.
	Before they set off, Luke told her Eshmour asked him to find a new brand ambassador. Now she is wearing the key collection and no one else is wearing Eshmour’s jewelry in this banquet. Isn’t it obvious enough?
	“Jenny, you are stupid!”
	When she remains absent-minded, Mimi’s voice wakes her up.
	“Jen, I’m not overreaching myself to fight for the endorsement. But people say Mr. Lu is also responsible for Clever Jewelry’s endorsement. You can’t be the brand ambassador for two companies, right?”
	Jenny feels a bit chaotic in her mind. The scandals should have passed but how come those stars looked so surprised to see her with Luke at the gate?
	Now she understands. They were surprised to see the heavy Goddess Venus on her neck, and were jealous that she might become the brand ambassador of Eshmour.
	“It’s not up to me, I...” She rambles in her statement.
	Eshmour is such a big brand, but she’s never been a brand ambassador even for snacks.
	“It’s just an occasional chance for her to be with Mr. Lu. What’s the point in flattering her?” Jessica interrupts in a somewhat tart tone.
	She looks like a flower fairy in a long pink chiffon dress with white daisies dotted on it. She was the most stunning one before Jenny presented.
	However, Jessica doesn’t talk like a fairy.
	Rumors are frequent and travel fast in the company. Mimi was told that Jessica stole Jenny’s chance and many people know that but not talk about it. One is a famous star awarded Golden Lily while the other one is an infamous star with no background or no promising future. Everyone knows what to talk about and what not to.
	Mimi Su is utilitarian but hates those who ruin others’ reputation face to face. Every dog has its day, why is Jessica being so vain?
	“Jessica, don’t be so mean. I’m afraid it’ll ruin your image if a reporter hears what you said.”
	“Even so, you wouldn’t have the chance.” Jessica is vexed and can’t control herself at this moment. Frankie told her before. Mimi is just a toy for Mr. Wang with no background, who would be abandoned.
	Jessica despises Mimi as if she’s dirty.
	“What do you mean? Why wouldn’t I have the chance?”
	“In our circle, some people make use of their images while others, their bodies. Everyone has their position, am I right?” Jessica laughs coldly, glancing at Jenny, “But don’t worry, Mimi. At least, you’re a gorgeous star, not like some people who seem invisible.”
	“You...”
	Before Mimi objects Jessica, two hands grab her. She turns around and finds two cold eyes.
	“Images are defined by the company while characters are by us. You’ll get retribution for your mean words.” Jenny says word by word in a fierce but low tone.
	“Are you defending her?” Jessica’s eyes flash with jealousy as she looks at Goddess Venus on Jenny’s neck, “Sandy has been the brand ambassador of Eshmour since last year. The contract isn’t expired yet. I have no idea how could some people get the endorsement, even putting it on to show off without caring for Sandy’s feelings.”
	“What? Do I have to share the secret with you?” Jenny lifts her eyebrows and says in a low but forceful tone, glancing at Jessica blandly.
	“But you did steal my thing. I really wonder how you did it.”
	The relation between Jessica and Frankie remains secrete but almost all staff know that since they have been close these days. So people know what Jenny means by saying that.
	Mimi’s girlfriends laugh at Jessica, whispering all the scandals, and the fragmented news travels to curious people.
	Jessica gets panic.
Chapter 29 Banquet Situation (3)
	“You don’t have the right to blame me. We want to know how you seduce the president. Everyone knows the news of these two days. We are all a company, why should you hide it?”
	Jessica’s voice trembles. Obviously, she is a little bit shameful and angry, so she doesn’t think before speaking.
	Jenny glances at Jessica’s belly. At this moment, she thinks Jessica gets insane, “Don’t you know exactly why I got reported and became the trending topic? Wait a minute. Are you going to frame Mr. Lu as well? You’d better not do that.”
	Jessica should give up her idea to fame Jenny got pregnant before marriage because Luke is reported to be the father. Jessica should be the only one who dares to mention that in the company.
	“How would I know?” Jessica gets panic and continues to argue irrationally, “It’s nothing to do with me. Everyone survives in the company depending on capability instead of background.”
	Jessica mentions capability again.
	Mimi busts into laughter and can’t help mocking her, “Speaking of capability, Jenny was awarded Golden Bear, the most valuable award in movies, when she was only 17. Even 10 Golden Lily awards are not as valuable as half a Golden Bear award, are they?”
	Recalling this, Jenny frowns.
	Jenny becomes famous after that award. But now, she can’t tell if she was to blame for what happened to her family after she became famous.
	Jessica notices Jenny’s panic immediately. Here’s a chance for her to rake up Jenny’s faults like she always does. It looks if she has got something on Jenny. The tone is mild, but the words are more sinister, “Mimi, you shouldn’t have mentioned this. If she hadn’t become too famous since then, her family wouldn’t have been investigated...”
	“What are you guys talking about?” A voice interrupts Jessica through the crowd.
	Jenny abruptly raises her head and looks at the person with gratitude.
	She is never willing to talk about her family issue publicly because it is a pain in her heart. Not many people know that apart from Jessica. Now she uses it as a weapon.
	Luke, being the tallest one, looks outstanding among all male stars from Jade Picture. Now, he is walking to Jenny calmly.
	An idea suddenly occurs to Jessica as she looks at Luke. She says in a soft voice, “Mr. Lu, we were talking about why Jenny faded out in the entertainment circle after the Golden Bear award. It was such a good chance.”
	“Oh?” Luke glances over Jessica.
	He seems to know her.
	Jenny is still holding a plate of cake tightly, as if she was about to break it.
	She knows exactly what Jessica is going to say. Some people know what happened to her family and they understand Jessica mentions that to humiliate Jenny in front of Luke.
	“Just because something happened to my family. Work is important but I can’t ignore my family. So I didn’t have shooting jobs during that time.” She says slowly as she grits her teeth.
	“Really? What’s so important for you to give up such a good chance?”
	Jessica forces Jenny to confess the truth.
	Jenny doesn’t mind mentioning what happened.
	But it hurts Jenny that her previous best friend uses her secret to humiliate her without caring for her feelings. Should a friend do such a thing like that?
	“What? Isn’t it a rule in Jade Picture that one shouldn’t talk more about stars’ family issues?”
	Luke’s words break the weird atmosphere. People around feel nervous to hear such a criticizing tone from a leader.
	Jessica is in shock. Obviously, she doesn’t get used to Luke’s status as a new top leader of Jade Picture.
	She carefully says, “Mr. Lu, we don’t have such a rule indeed...”
	“You do now.”
	Luke stops Jessica’s conversation and directly speaks out his decision, “You got it?”
	Everyone is overwhelmed and says yes successively.
	But Luke keeps eye contact with Jessica, as cold as a knife.
	It gives Jessica a tremble instantly. She says hurriedly, “Yes, I got it.”
	Jenny remains confused why Luke helps her. Perhaps he does that for his grandma.
	People scatter one by one. Mimi points at herself to remind Jenny to say something nice for her, before leaving with her girlfriends.
	Jenny responds a reluctant smile as she’s thinking about something.
	“Do you know her well?” Luke asks as he gets a glimpse of the enchanting girl.
	“No. I didn’t know her well.” Jenny says. When recalled Mimi helped her just now, she adds, “Perhaps we will know each other well.”
	Luke slightly frowns.
	“Nobody pleases people with no reason. Be careful with her.”
	Jenny mumbles in a low voice, “It all started because of your necklace.”
	However, Luke hears every single word of her mumble. He slightly frowns and wonders why giving her the endorsement would offend her.
	“You should be busy. Just leave me alone.” Jenny feels embarrassed for people stare at her when being with Luke.
	“Grandma called and told you not to wear high heels.”
	Jenny subconsciously looks down at her high heels but feels helpless, “I’m not really...”
	“Then pretend to be. There’s a balcony on the second floor. Go and sit there. Don’t make any trouble. I’ll look for you when I finish my business.”
	Jenny has no idea why his demanding tone gives her some unprecedented secure feeling. She nods slowly and watches Luke leave her, with some warmth existing in her heart for a long time.
	The balcony is enclosed by glass, located at the end of the corridor. In this nice weather, Jenny can see many stars in the sky as she looks up. It’s like a warm house. She has no idea of the material of the glass, which isn’t liable to mist with different temperatures on the inside and outside.
	Jenny sits down on a sofa. Soon, a cup of hot milk and a piece of cake are served to her.
	“Mr. Lu ordered me to serve you. Please let me know if you need anything. I’ll be out there.”
	Luke doesn’t look like such a considerate person.
Chapter 30 She’s a Bitch
	On the first floor of the hotel, Jessica is looking for Frankie to complain about that Luke protects Jenny just now. But Frankie is busy to follow Mr. Wang and communicates with other visitors. He isn’t available to talk to her, so she is boring and has some wine. She comes up with an idea when she sees the person who is going to the second floor alone after drinking with Mr. Wang.
	Luke doesn’t like such occasions, so he seldom attends banquets. He shows up today because of the purchase. Now that the wine part is over, he’s about to leave. He suddenly feels confusingly anxious to meet Jenny.
	There are not many people on the second floor. After walking a few steps, Luke hears the hurried sound of high heels from behind.
	Luke gets a glimpse of a figure in a pink dress on the broken mirror. His eyes instantly flash with coldness.
	“Are you following me to fish for my family issue?”
	The abrupt voice echoes in the long corridor, which is like the cold winter wind blowing to the heart.
	Jessica shrinks and explains hurriedly, “Mr. Lu, I don’t mean that. I just want to apologize for what happened. I was too straightforward and didn’t think about Jenny’s feelings. I was wrong. But everyone in our company knows what happened, so I thought she wouldn’t take it seriously.”
	Her explanation is quite leaking.
	Luke hates stupid people pretending to be smart, women in particular.
	“So, I’d love to apologize to Jenny.”
	Luke remains silent, looking over her with a vague smile. It’s not clear whether there’s smile in his eyes or coldness, or both. Jessica’s heart trembles, and looks carefully behind him, “Are you looking for Jenny...”
	Luke glances over Jessica’s dress and fixes his eyes on her trembling eyes, “Don’t play wise in front of me. I can make anyone more popular than you. You’re not the only choice.”
	His tone and his eyes almost freeze Jessica.
	She feels her legs go limp.
	Did she just offend Luke? Could it be that serious? She even hasn’t done anything yet...
	Watching Luke walk away, she gets angrier and angrier. If she was declared guilty, she should have done something which might be the only hope to change the situation.
	“Mr. Lu, just to remind you.”
	Luke slightly holds his step without turning around.
	Seeing that, Jessica pulls the hemline and hurries to walk ahead.
	“Jenny isn’t as pure as she appears. Without any background, how would she survive in Jade Picture? I’m sure you understand. If she wasn’t involved in those scandals, she would be the lead of Mr. Wang’s new movie.”
	Jade Picture has many excellent female stars, most of whom will do anything to get a chance. As Luke mentioned, Jessica isn’t the only choice of the company, neither is Jenny.
	Luke turns around slowly, “Oh? I’m interested now. What should I know?”
	“Jenny has been with Frankie since they were kids. It was a long relation. But Frankie wasn’t capable enough to get Jenny any further, so Jenny broke up with him. After that, she met you. Don’t you feel upset about that?”
	Perceiving Luke’s hesitation look, Jessica slows down her steps and her tone, “She’s connected with quite many male stars in our company. They say awful things about her.”
	“Tell me.”
	“They say...” Jenny sighs, looking as if he hesitates to continue, “Every man might be her bed partner.”
	To make Jenny popular, Shawn tells to the reporters many times that she is in love with a famous star. He can search the reports on the net. Jessica doesn’t lie about that.
	Jessica firmly believes that Luke, such a successful man, wouldn’t trust Jenny deeply since they haven’t known each other for a long time. No one else would in such a case.
	Her words echo in the corridor.
	“Does telling me all these bring you any good?”
	“...”
	Jessica is shocked to receive such an indifferent reaction from Luke. Instantly, her mind goes blank and she rambles in her statement,
	“I just think such a man like you deserves the truth...”
	“Should I say thank you?”
	“...”
	Every single one of his words is freezing.
	“You’d better promise you’ll bring as much profit to the company as you do now. Or else, your blackening other people’s name would put an end to your acting career.”
	As Jessica’s legs go limp, she staggers back, holding on the wall.
	His words make sense in terms of the profit of the company. But why Jessica thinks he aims at her and protects Jenny?
	Behind the stairs on the third floor, George in white suit observes the whole process. He puts on a big and teasing smile.
	Luke doesn’t care a bit about her feeling when scolding. His words can be overwhelming whether they make sense or not. It’s been long since they met, but George rarely sees him talk to troublesome ladies. Does she really like that girl called Jenny?
	Seeing Luke is about to disappear at the end of the corridor, Jessica still struggles to say the last words, holding on the wall, “Don’t you know she has an unclean family? Her father has been serving a life sentence for corruption since three years ago and her mother committed suicide for taking drugs. Don’t you know any of those?”
	Jenny isn’t as pure as the company defined her. If any of these was released, her image would be ruined since the society can’t take corruption or drugs.
	“Four years ago, she was awarded Golden Bear. In that year, she had many jobs. But a year after, she faded out of the entertainment circle. It had been three whole years. Who would give up such a good chance out of no reason? That’s because her father was sent to prison and her mother took drugs due to depression. All those were hidden deliberately. Three years after, all these passed and she made the public appearance again.”
	Jessica has no idea how those were hidden, either. Even though she says Jenny got help from behind, but no one has ever given her jobs since she made the public appearance again. Perhaps her helper abandoned her for a new star? Jessica takes it that way.
	Anyway, Jessica doesn’t believe a family with the political and military background would tolerate such a lady with an unclean family background.
	Luke frowns and keeps his hands off the metal door handle of the balcony.
	
Chapter 31 Don’t Spill the Beans
	“That is true. I swear.”
	Then Jessica vows, raising her tightly-clenched right fist, with a certain countenance rather than the former nervous, hesitant one.
	That is true and Jenny’s skeleton can’t be erased.
	The daughter of a drug addict and an embezzler.
	Luke takes his hands back from the door handle. He frowns and looks at Jessica in the distance. She remains her grace and popularity as a movie queen while she doesn’t look pleasing even with her pretty face.
	“Who else knows about that?”
	Jessica interprets Luke’s words as his trust in her, and instantly breathes a relief, “The news about Mr. and Mrs. Jin was massively discussed in Xicheng, but no one knows Jenny is their daughter except Frankie and I, because they had few relatives.”
	Jenny’s colleagues only know she keeps a family secret and gossip sometimes about it without much interest in the details for she is not famous. So only Jessica and Frankie know the whole story.
	“I hope it’s a secret among just the two of you and me.”
	Speaking of that, he looks up at Jessica and threatens her who then shudders, “Don’t spill the beans, or else you’ll lose what you have now.”
	At the end of his words, he takes a glance at Jessica with contempt and raises his arm to open the door. The creak echos in the empty corridor and ends as the door shuts.
	Jessica remains where she is for a long time with an insanely jealous look in her eyes.
	What on earth does Jenny do to make people offend her?
	...
	On the second floor of the hotel, the balcony owns good views with stars up in the sky and warm light down there in the garden.
	All of a sudden, Jenny recalls her old house.
	It was a two-floored garden villa built of red bricks. Comparatively speaking, it was not quit big but quit cozy, partially similar to this place but without advanced glass enclosing the balcony.
	As the door creaks open, Jenny turns around and sees a familiar man with a touch of coldness.
	The temperature inside the balcony seems a bit higher than the outside.
	Luke walks to Jenny and teases her, glancing at the empty plate, “Aren’t you on a diet?”
	“I wasn’t going to finish it, but you come late.”
	She speaks it out confidently to make it sound reasonable.
	“Enough of cake?”
	“Time to go?” hearing that, Jenny bounces up from the sofa and walks past it, pulling the hemline, “I’m full. Let’s go.”
	Just now, she read all the news of the past two days and realizes one banquet may not be able to save her acting career. She’s got to think deeply about what to do in the future.
	Moreover, it’s inappropriate to live in the Lu’s for a long time. She has a lot in mind to tell Luke.
	Mr. Wang, Frankie and other managers keep Luke and Jenny’s company to the front gate. As Jenny feels Frankie’s eyes at her, she escapes them by lowering her head down.
	Since they broke up in a disgraceful and unpeaceful way, she can’t face him peacefully.
	Frankie drags Jenny to an empty place when Mr. Wang is talking to Luke.
	“What are you doing?” says Jenny in a lower voice, shaking Frankie’s hand off. She looks around to make sure reporters are gone.
	“They’re gone. They knew they wouldn’t get anything from a banquet.”
	“Just in case.” says Jenny in a cold voice, “And we should keep distance, sir.”
	Hearing that, Frankie’s voice turns cold, “We should keep distance, and then what’s that with Luke? Public display of affection? Where’s the subtle Jenny I used to know? Oh, I see, Luke is rich and powerful.”
	He intended to talk to her nicely but he says ironically when seeing Jenny’s cold expression.
	Jenny gets angry with more than one reason. He cheated on her first but why does it sound like she is the one to blame?
	“Yeah, I’m a double-dealer. I even had an affair with my girlfriend’s boyfriend. I feel sorry for your meeting such a person like me, okay?”
	Frankie has already felt sorry for cheating on her. When she brings it up, his guilty is aroused. He calms himself down and says in a gentler tone, with a contrite look on his face, “Jen, I apologize for my bad attitude. We know each other for long, you know me well enough, don’t you? I take the hurtful words back, okay?”
	As shown on her face with her eyebrows lifting, Jenny sees through him. She turns around to leave.
	“Jenny,” Frankie grabs her arm, saying, “I know you don’t like me. Just one more thing.”
	“Spit it out.” says Jenny, frowning more tightly, as she shakes his hand off.
	Frankie is shocked by the impatient look in Jenny’s eyes, which suddenly makes him feel empty as if he lost something valuable.
	“Are you going to say it or not? I’m leaving if you’re not.” Jenny urges him.
	“Stay away from Luke.”
	“Huh?” Jenny looks up and laughs with contempt, “Are you jealous?”
	“I’m serious. We’ve known each other for years, I won’t lie to you. Luke is able to purchase Jade Picture on his own. Obviously he’s not a simple guy. I just don’t want you to get hurt.”
	“That’s it?”
	Jenny looks away and glances over his shoulder indifferently, “Then I got to go. I got something to do.”
	“Jen, don’t cross with me...” Frankie drags Jenny’s arm and moves her to the corridor nearby, “Come over, we need to talk.”
	As a man, Frankie has greater strength, and he loses control of it after Jenny makes him lose the patience.
	Jenny grits her teeth and argues with him in a lower voice in case they would arouse others’ attention, “Let go of me. Or I’ll yell for help.”
	“Go ahead. I won’t let you go with such a man like Luke anyway.”
	Frankie looks at her, looking resolute and decisive with his eyebrows lifted.
	Even though they broke up with each other, Frankie treats Jenny as a sister since their families were close. So he has to keep her away from that complicated man.
	“Frankie, are you insane? Let go of me...”
	“What kind of man am I?” a cold voice asks behind the two of them, which is like a cold knife that penetrates the smoke and leaves a gash on the lake.
Chapter 32 What’s Personal affairs between You and My Fiancee?
	As Frankie gets distracted, Jenny struggles to get away to stand in the corner, looking at Luke in surprise.
	“Mr. Lu... I...” Frankie loses composure and his heart sinks as if his boss got goods on him, which distracts him from Jenny.
	Luke glances at Frankie with contempt before setting his eyes upon Mr. Wang who stands behind him, “Mr. Wang, you’d better be strict with your man.”
	“Mr. Lu, I guess you may not know Jenny belongs to Frankie’s apartment, so...” Mr. Wang tries to explain cautiously.
	“A manager paws an actress in the public. What if a reporter took a picture of that? Would it do any good to the company or the actress?”
	Luke interrupts Mr. Wang without mercy.
	“Yes, it’s my fault.”
	Frankie can no longer just stand aside and says, “Mr. Lu, it’s got nothing to do with Mr. Wang. Just something personal between Jen and I. We’ll take care of it. You two must be busy. You may leave.”
	“Huh?” As Luke’s eyes deepen and settle on the obvious red mark on Jenny’s shoulder, his voice instantly gets cold, “What’s personal affairs between you and my fiancee?”
	His words shock everyone else there.
	What did Luke just say?
	His fiancee?
	Jenny?
	Everyone casts the eyes on Jenny.
	Jenny is astonished as well. She stares at Luke with shock and gradually lifts her eyebrows.
	She feels embarrassed to retort in front of everyone upon Luke, who always means exactly what he says. Is he really going to marry her?
	Or did he just try to save her from embarrassment?
	But was he aware his words couldn’t be taken back?
	This is the banquet held by Jade Picture. The news will be massively discussed before tomorrow morning.
	Frankie is also so astonished that he says haltingly, “Fiancee...? How could it be possible...”
	“Sir, what’s your opinion?”
	Luke’s extremely cold eyes obviously indicate that he doesn’t want to hear Frankie talking.
	Frankie gets freaked by the word “fiancee”. He doesn’t understand Luke’s meaning and is about to talk. Mr. Wang who stands beside him stops him.
	“Mr. Lu, when will the engagement ceremony be held? I wish you could have told me that. Jenny is our employee after all.”
	According to the contract, Jenny is not allowed to get married during the 5 years from the date she signed it.
	But what if she is going to marry the boss?
	That’s different.
	“It’s a sudden decision. I hope you don't mind, do you?”
	“Of course not.”
	“We have other things, so we leave now.” Luke reaches out for Jenny’s hand and leaves with her.
	As the lovely couple walks out of the hotel, the smile on Mr. Wang’s face soon disappears. He glares at Frankie, “What’s wrong with you? How dare you touch his fiancee? Doesn’t she belong to your department? When is she with him? Why didn’t you tell me?”
	“I...I dont't know.”
	“You don't know?” John Wang almost shakes with anger, “How do you lead your actors? Didn’t you read the news two days ago?”
	John felt quite surprised to see Luke present with Jenny before the banquet, so he ordered his man to investigate Jenny. She was found to be not so famous but involved in some big, negative news about getting pregnant before marriage. She was seen to get on a premium car in front of a pharmacy and many people figured out the owner of the car.
	The license plate number 888 can’t be bought with money but by people with the special background. In Xicheng, only Luke is qualified to buy that car.
	He has a very complicated family background. As is known, his grandpa, General Ryan Lu was a founding father of this country but the rest of his family members have been mysterious who rarely show in the public. However, his grandpa’s name alone has brought much convenience to his business in Xicheng.
	His outstandingly decisive ability helps him build a commercial empire in merely 5 years, but also within the help of the governmental agencies which have to show respect to the founding father who guarded this city. Special relations help things go well.
	Luke is such a man immune to both soft and hard tactics so that John ended up losing his Jade Picture to Luke despite he tried all means. He blamed his failure on the lack of the special background that Luke has. Then he saw another chance that his actress is Luke’s fiancee.
	But what Frankie did made him lose that valuable chance. He regrets deeply and vents it on Frankie.
	“Sir, don’t worry...I’m sure Jenny didn’t know Mr. Lu before. That must be some misunderstanding.”
	“Luke admitted that, how dare you say it’s some misunderstanding? Frankie, I think it’s huge mistake for you to be a manager.”
	“Sir...”
	Frankie frowns tightly, seeing John walking away. He turns around only to find no one around the gate, with what Luke said echoing in his mind.
	Fiancee?
	Why?
	He begged for help when Jenny’s family was in trouble; he regularly had her favorite snacks delivered to her out of worries after she went to Melbourne to study without telling him; he squeezed time to talk to her online no matter how busy he was; he spared no efforts to help her with the contract, find the best agent for her, and take care of her whenever she was in trouble, after waiting 3 years for her to come back.
	But she wasn’t devoted to him however hard he tried as if he would never be the most important person for her.
	So he was in panic and meanwhile Jessica showed up. By contract, Jessica is warm and sensitive, and knows him well. He hesitated but crossed the bottom line in the end. He can’t get back to who he was, like a train left the rails.
	Should he be the one to blame?
	“Jenny, tell me, should I be the one to blame?”
	He recalls the moment Jenny left, holding Luke’s arm with a smile on her face and even her back looking splendid. He didn’t realize the innocent little girl could turn to be mature and sexy. His mind instantly goes blank and his eyes look more and more regretful.
	If Jenny was forced to depend on Luke because of the scandals, would it change everything that he figures out a way for her to resume?
	“Hello, sir, I got an idea. Friday’s Eight Thirty program is in lack of an actress because the original actor had her leg hurt during the shooting. What do you think Jessica joins the program with Jenny?”
	
Chapter 33 I’d better stay in a Hotel
	The driver peeks from the mirror and finds two people on the back seat remain silent.
	Jenny breaks the silence after a long ride.
	“Thanks for saving me from the embarrassment back there.”
	“It’s as easy as pie.”
	Is it also a small thing that he introduced Jenny as his fiancee?
	Jenny’s mind goes blank with her mouth twisting.
	Silence takes over again.
	Jenny hesitates, watching the view out of the window, before saying,
	“Please stop after passing the next traffic light.”
	The light is red and there is some way to go before the next traffic light. Neither the driver or Luke makes a response. How would he dare to respond?
	The car slightly shadows the cold countenance on Luke’s face, which changes a bit as Jenny asks to pull over. He asks in reply, “Where you want to go?”
	“My house is just around the corner. I can go there myself.”
	Somehow, it’s hard to say it out today.
	“According to our appointment, you can live with my grandma. You don’t have to go back now.”
	Luke says in a righteous tone, his eyes flashing with some meaning.
	He knows Jenny lives nearby from the investigation of her background before she moved to live with his grandma. She was found to be clear apart from the family situation which was deliberately erased.
	“Mr. Lu, I’m not a famous actress, those scandals won’t keep the heat for long. The focus will be switched to the new activity in our company two days later. And I feel sorry for bothering your grandma these days living with her. So I...”
	As Luke notices, Jenny seems somewhat afraid of him, muttering with her head lowered and her fair hands on the bow clasp.
	What’s so scary of him? He suddenly feels vexed.
	“First, I know you’re not famous, but it’s been just a week, the reporters will follow you tightly as usual until you give them a reasonable explanation. So I’m pretty sure they are waiting for you outside your house.”
	His deep, serious voice sounds a little scarily domineering, and his logic is too clear to be retorted.
	“Second, Jade Picture will have the propaganda for the new entertainment program, but that’s not the same case as yours. Plus, many reporters showed up tonight even though it was a banquet of our company. I’m sure you’ll be the trending news tomorrow.”
	Luke stops his words when he perceives Jenny remains silent, lowering her head.
	Does he say too serious?
	“Next?” Jenny suddenly raises her head to look at him with her sparkling eyes, “What’s next?”
	The scared look in her eyes makes her look pitiful and erases his anger.
	“Third, you’re no trouble.”
	Seeing the rarely gentle look in Luke’s eyes from the mirror, the driver smiles, lowering his head, and steps on it. The car passes the next traffic light soon.
	The one that Luke fancies can never get away easily.
	Jenny feels surprised to hear that. She casts a glance over Luke’s shoulder and watches the view going backward out of the window. She suddenly yells in a low voice, widening her eyes. As the familiar view around her house disappears, she leans on the seat, lowering her head helplessly.
	Luke is right about that. She’d better stay with Luke in case she’d be followed.
	The changing looks in her eyes settle on Luke’s eyes. He has a strong impulse to embrace her tightly.
	Shocked by that idea, he remains silent for a while.
	“Mr. Lu, are you staying in Flowers Mansion or your house tonight?” asks the driver.
	The apartment ahead is the one where he usually lives alone. Sometimes, he stays in Flowers Mansion where her grandma lives.
	“Pull over.”
	Luke sounds indescribably complicated.
	He gets off first but Jenny doesn’t move a bit. Soon, the door by her is opened with cold winds coming in, which made her shudder.
	“Kerchoo...”
	A hand stretches in front of her and Luke says in a firm tone, “Get off.”
	“Here?” Jenny blinks with confusion, pulling the white cape to herself.
	“It’s late. Grandma has trouble sleeping. We’ll stay here tonight.”
	Jenny gets off with suspicion.
	That doesn’t even sound convincing. His grandma’s house is huge and rooms are sound-proof. How would they bother his grandma?
	The driver drives far away as soon as they get off, and can’t be stopped.
	How come she feels as if she was in a tiger’s cave?
	Jenny follows Luke and pulls the cape tightly, feeling cold around her neck.
	What would a man do, bringing a lady back home?
	Would he have her compensate for every trouble she’s made?
	Make her perform the chores in the day time like a maid, and warm the bad at night like a lover?
	Various plots flash in her mind.
	“Here we are.”
	“Ah?”
	...
	“Ouch...”
	The groaning together with her shout echo in the corridor after she bumps onto Luke’s back fiercely for she is too occupied in the plots to notice he has stopped his steps.
	“Why don’t you watch where you are going?” Luke, frowning, looks at her. It seems painful for she covers the forehead and inhales in cold air, leaning against the wall.
	“I’m alright...” Jenny precautiously avoids his hand and eye contact.
	They’d better keep some distance in case anything would happen with a man and a woman under the same roof.
	Luke holds his hand in the air and takes it back after hesitation. He presses the code calmly, “Come on in.”
	Jenny avoids the eye contact and refuses to get in, standing at the door. She mumbles in a very low voice, “Well, I’d better stay in a hotel tonight.”
	“Are you worrying about something?” A mysterious look appears in his eyes.
	“Nothing serious. But I’m afraid that people misunderstand...”
	Before she finishes her words, her hand is abruptly taking off her hand which is rubbing her nose. The strong power, transferring to all over her body, holds her up. Before she realizes, the door is shut.
	Her thin back leans tightly against the warm wallpaper and both of her hands are pressed on the wall irresistibly. She is totally overwhelmed by his huge body with light wine aroma and his unique flavor.
	
Chapter 34 What kind of female artist are you
	That kind of plot only appeared in the latest shooting which she was a guest performer and terribly scolded by the director since she failed again and again.
	Perhaps because the move is too strong, she feels pain on the back and her heart beats strongly with rapid breath, feeling like the exact way the director demanded.
	But Luke doesn’t look affectionate and even looks colder than the actor she cooperated with. Those bland eyes give her a panic.
	“What scares you?”
	He softly asks as he breathes to her forehead and eyes, which makes she couldn't help blinking. She has no idea the innocent blink under the dim light in a huge room will be such a temptation to a man.
	“Well, you’ve been a great help lately, but I can compensate in other ways... Mr. Lu...You’d better not...I’m not that kind of actress.”
	Jenny swallows and has no power to resist. Moreover, she doesn’t dare to start a conflict directly. After all he’s the boss of the company.
	Her words trigger a tricky idea in Luke as can be told in his cold eyes.
	“What kind of female artist are you?”
	“I mean those who... humor the boss...”Jenny feels embarrassed to say it out. She turns her head aside and says in an angry tone, “Let go of me.”
	Jenny had been well protected by his rich family. When she was 17, she was chosen to lead a film for her innocence. She didn’t have much contact with the entertainment circle. Four years later, she doesn’t have any protection and have heard a lot about dirty trades even she never witnessed any of them.
	Cases of women humoring the boss, the director or the investor for chances are quite a lot.
	But she’s not among them.
	“Go ahead, humor what?”
	“Sleeping.” Jenny looks up to look Luke in the eye as if she would bite him to death if he dared to make a move. The armed alley kitty turns to be a little tiger.
	“I’m not that kind of woman who’s willing to sleep with you after joining you in the banquet. I stay in your house because I want to get some shelter to avoid the reporters, but I’ve spared no efforts to take good care of your grandma. If you don’t think it’s enough, I can compensate in other ways, but not in this way, I’m sorry.”
	”Oh?" Luke looks tricky, “What other ways do you mean?”
	Jenny is surprised and hesitates before asking cautiously,
	“Do you need money?”
	Luke bursts into laughter,
	“I don’t think so.” Jenny laughs awkwardly and almost slaps herself on the face.
	What a stupid question to ask a rich man whether he is in need of money! All her savings can’t even afford a decent meal.
	“What do you need then? If it’s not too expensive, I...”
	Her voice gets weaker and weaker.
	He can buy anything he wants.
	“I don’t think you are in need of anything, are you?”
	Luke stares at her, who looks adorable when her head lowered and eyebrows lifted as she thinks hard.
	He recalls George said he needed a woman in home. At that time, he didn’t think it necessary for he could just eat out and have food delivered. He needed nothing, why would he find someone to make trouble to him?
	But he felt annoyed when his grandma always urges him. In fact, if he had to marry, the woman in front of him would be a nice choice.
	No troublesome relatives, clear family background, adorable characteristics, sometimes smart, and most importantly, grandma likes her very much and he himself doesn’t seem to hate her.
	He even has a little...crush on her, even...more than he realizes.
	Thinking of that, Luke suddenly lowers his head and says in a low voice, “I need my bed warmed.”
	Jenny subconsciously looks at him to make sure if he’s joking. The moment she raises her head up, she makes eye contact with Luke whose eyes look gentle, quite different from the uniformly cold ones.
	Before she realizes, the cold, thin lips with light aroma abruptly presses on hers, and something soft gets into her mouth, flirting every piece of her nerves.
	Her heart begins to beat insanely and the strong beat seems to have no end. Her sense tells her to stop that and she tries by pushing him away. But the sudden kiss kills the rest of the power of her hands and she can’t make a move.
	She loses oxygen as the air gets thinner. Her rotating mind suddenly goes blank. She doesn’t even have a chance to breathe. The long kiss almost suffocates her. But she feels somewhat happy in this way.
	“Um...” She can’t help it in the end.
	Luke raises his head with crystal liquid on his lips. He breathes unsteadily and the woman in his arms is even more unsteadily. Her hands lean on his hands powerlessly. Her face turns flushed. The cape already drops to the ground and her sexy boos almost reveal.
	His eyes tighten and he takes back his arms from her hands. He carries the woman who still breathes unsteadily, and walks hurriedly to the bedroom in steady steps.
	It takes about 2 minutes to open the door after walking upstairs from the living room to the bedroom.
	Luke has great strength so he doesn’t need to use much power to carry her. As he walks, the sound-control warm yellow lights turn on, creating a warm but blurred atmosphere.
	Jenny suddenly realizes what will happen. Her mind remains blank for a few seconds before she insanely struggles.
	“Let go of me, let go of me...”
	“...”
	“Luke, let go of me. This is against the law. Let go of...”
	“...”
	He kicks the door shut, blowing in some warm wind. As Jenny yells, Luke remains calm and throws her to the soft big bed. Then he raises his legs and presses on her body.
	Jenny keeps yelling with her eyes shut tightly.
	“Luke, you can’t do this. Even you’re the boss, if you do this; I’ll hire a lawyer and sue you. Your reputation will be ruined and you’ll have trouble in any cooperation. Listen to me, calm yourself down.”
	Luke lifts his eyebrows, looking mysterious, and says in an arrogant, tricky tone,
	“You’re really capable if you could find a lawyer to sue me, even if it’s in Beijing.”
	As his hands caress from the edge of her hemline to the back of her knee, Jenny trembles and shouts.
	She trembles in panic. She tries hard to stop his hands from going any further but she feels stiff all over her body.
	“No...No...”
	
Chapter 35 Like
	It seems Jenny doesn’t dare to open eyes.
	In fact, Luke is teasing her. When they kissed, Jenny didn’t reject fiercely. He thought she was playing hard to get. So he gave it a shot. But Jenny’s trembling refuse shows she really gets scared. She even trembles all over her body.
	“Open your eyes.” Luke frowns and looks at her pretty face with even sparkling tears in the corners of her eyes.
	Jenny shrinks back and opens her eyes carefully, looking terribly wronged with tears welled up in her eyes.
	At this moment, some weird emotion takes up his mind, making him confused about his mind.
	“Clean towel is in the washroom. It is in the second drawer under the washing basin.”
	As he finishes his words, he turns over to the bed and sits there for a few seconds, looking hesitant. He then picks up the coat from the floor and walks out of the bedroom.
	Jenny remains in the large host bedroom alone. The sound of door locking seems to cut off all of her intense nerves, leaving her paralyzed on the bed and recalling the crazy thing happened just now.
	A moment later, she seems to come up with an idea.
	Take a bath?
	She abruptly crawls up from the bed, walks to the door of the bedroom with her feet naked, and locks the door. She doesn’t breathe a relief and paralyze on the floor until she makes sure the door can’t be opened from the outside.
	She is confused about what Luke has in his mind. Before they met at the pharmacy, Luke only showed up in the commercial news. He is without a doubt the youngest leading entrepreneur featured as being decisive and cruel.
	Before the crazy thing, Luke was in her eyes the man who was self-controlled, indifferent but kind, and always helpful to her.
	But he changed and turned out to be capricious to behave as he wished.
	Under the dim light, Jenny looks down and finds the light pink marks on her shoulder and breast. She feels the heat in her heart and on her ears, as if someone was breathing to her face with light wine aroma.
	She runs to the washroom in panic. The water from the shower washes off the fine make-up on her face, her beating heart and a bit scariness.
	In the other washroom right next to Jenny’s, the gurgling of water washes of a man’s desire of a woman. The light pink knife scar on Luke’s muscular chest doesn’t make him look worse but adds more masculinity to him.
	Slender fingers cross through the dark hair with water drops running from the hair to the perfect facial outline before dropping on shoulders, the chest and the floor.
	The gurgling of water suddenly stops. Luke grabs a white towel to wipe the water drops on his face, hangs it around his neck, and takes care of his hair, with some emotional urge down there. He raises his arm to wipe the water on the mirror where his angular face and his cold, confused eyes then show.
	Suddenly the phone rings at the perfect timing, Luke walks out of the washroom for his phone on the bed, thinking it might be about business.
	His intense countenance relaxes a bit when he sees it’s from George.
	“Hello?”
	The music is noisy on the other side of the phone, but Luke can tell it’s George’s voice. “Luke, where are you? Come join us.”
	“I’m not available.” Luke’s answer is simple and firm with no room to negotiate.
	But George is not simple for he can always find alternative solutions if Luke refuses his invitation.
	“What time is it now? You left the banquet just an hour later. Change of place. Come join us with your girlfriend. It’s fun here, I promise.”
	“She’s taking a shower.”
	Luke answers blandly.
	It means nothing for him but it sounds to George something worth to gossip.
	“What?” George gets too excited to hold his phone tightly, “Give me a second. I’ll find somewhere quiet.”
	George seems to be moving fast and it turns silent a moment later.
	“Enjoy your night?”
	George raises his arm up to check the time. It’s been not a long time since they left, “That’s a quick move, Luke.”
	The quick word sounds quite hinting.
	Luke twitches his lips and says, “Stop it. Nothing happened.”
	George gets more curious, thinking about why Jenny takes a shower in Luke’s with nothing happening?
	That’s a big problem.
	“She’s in your house?”
	“Yes.”
	They didn’t go to a hotel but his house and nothing happened. Something serious must have happened.
	“Just curious, do you like Jenny?”
	George has always found Luke unique in some way since they were young. Luke seldom shows any interest in women, which makes he himself sometimes thinks he’s quite dangerous.
	“What is the definition of ‘like’?”
	His question makes George quite surprised.
	Luke used to scold George whenever George talked about love. He always thinks deeply about everything apart from love. But how come he responds to George’s question this time?
	This is a rare chance for George to talk it over with him.
	“For normal people, it means you always think of her, feel happy to see her, unhappy not to see her, happy that she waits for you, and unhappy she’s with other men. You want to do many things with her, own her and be the only one for her.”
	“No.”
	Luke interrupts George’s explanation.
	He sounds a relief on the other side of the phone as he seems to feel he’s not in any of those cases. He says in a cold and suspicious tone, “Not any of those feelings, I just don’t hate her, but never feel the way you mention.”
	She’s just with his grandma and nothing is special.
	“That’s because you have a weird sense of love.”
	As George squats in the toilet, the call is shut and his phone is dead. Alas, it’s out of battery. What a pity!
	The conversation is not over yet.
	The only difference between Luke and other people is that he has a slow sense of love. He needs guidance since he himself may not notice he’s in love.
	This time, for instance, Luke is not in most of the cases George mentioned, but he starts to think about them when George mentioned them.
	
Chapter 36 Tossed about all night
	Luke throws the phone away on being hung up, and wipes his hair. Being caught up with what George said, he lifts up the corners of his lips with contempt.
	He’s got to be kidding?
	It would be an overestimation that so typical a playboy as George could conclude some reasonable theories.
	As the evening lights are hit, the bustling view outside the French window lasts long, and such view traps many people who indulge in it.
	On entering the bathroom after a shower, Jenny finds a missed call and a message both from her agent Shawn.
	“Fridays’ Eight Thirty Season Two features you and Jessica. Press conference is tomorrow. I will pick you up downstairs at 7am to do the makeup. Seize the chance.”
	Jenny rubs her eyes, and instantly gets confused when confirming it’s really a message from Shawn.
	Friday’s Eight Thirty is a reality show about various aspects in stars’ daily lives, broadcast at 8:30pm every Friday. This well-made show is rather popular in different place, and thus many stars volunteer to lower their payment to participate but still don’t get the chance. As for Jessica, she’s given this chance for she was esteemed as movie queen and needs to strengthen the relation with her fans.
	Jenny texts with careful thoughts, “Shawn, are you sure about that?”
	She gets a call back sooner than she expects.
	“Still up?”
	“Yes, just took a shower and got your message...”
	“It’s the company’s decision. We’ll talk about it when we meet tomorrow. There will be no recording tomorrow but a press conference for the opening ceremony. All you got to do is read your lines on the news release, which I’ll give to you.”
	“So I will partner with Jessica?”
	Jessica’s partner makes Jenny uncertain about whether this will be a valuable good chance or not.
	Perceiving Jenny’s slight unhappiness, Shawn says, “Jenny, I know roughly about what happened between you and Jessica, but you should be well aware that there is no permanent enemy or friend in this circle. Figure out what you need and make sure you do everything towards it. That’s enough.”
	To this speech Jenny makes no answer before saying blandly a few seconds later, “Shawn, I got it. But I’m not in my house, so you won’t need to pick me up, and I’ll do my own makeup. Just please tell me the address.”
	“Okay, make sure you get to the backstage at 9 and let me check the makeup.”
	“Sure.”
	“Good night.”
	Jenny has trouble falling asleep after the call.
	The idea that abrupt chances always come with unknown risks disturbs her profoundly.
	Does the chance come from association with Luke?
	How she wishes not! But her sense tells her it does.
	Under the neon light, both she and Luke in the other room couldn’t fall asleep.
	This is the first time Luke’s had insomnia. He suddenly wonders without a reason what Jenny is doing.
	When he bought this apartment, he liked the sound-proof effect of the rooms; but he regrets that now since he can’t even hear whether Jenny is still taking a bath with the perfect sound-proof effect.
	At the thought of Jenny’s poor face, he feels some pain in his heart as if something stabbed it.
	Jenny is very beautiful but not the most beautiful one among actresses; but the unique temperament in her has made her outstanding as time goes by. Her beauty stands the test of time.
	But her smile with dimples limits her repertoire: it seems she can only act as a clever girl.
	Her baby may also have dimples.
	When the idea occurs to Luke, his mind abruptly goes blank.
	Did he just think of the baby?
	...
	Next morning, Jenny realizes something serious when she wanders about in the room.
	She doesn’t have anything to wear for today.
	The dress she wore yesterday absolutely doesn’t fit today’s occasion.
	As she pulls the closet door, she is stunned by the lines of white shirts and black ones.
	Luke usually gets up at 7 but the noise from the living room wakes him up today, making him frowns.
	What is she doing so early?
	When she changes her shoes by the door, Luke opens the door and scares her so that she abruptly turns around to stare at him.
	The stare lasts for a while before Jenny breaks the ice.
	“Well, I’m going out for work. Did I wake you up?”
	Luke frowns, “It’s early. Let the driver take you there.”
	Jenny shakes her hands, “I’m good. I’ll get a taxi.”
	On finishing her words, she hastily grabs her phone and leaves.
	Luke stands by the door in his gray pajama with messy hair, and he seems to realize something as he watches the closed door with his rarely-seen dreamy eyes.
	Did he ever see those clothes before?
	Jenny runs almost desperately out of the apartment to get a taxi for she gets all the clothes from Luke’s closet. A black hat on her head, a black mask on her face, half a white shirt on her left body and half a black one on her right body, with sleeves tying around the waist, which make a chic shirt dress.
	The cab’s driver gets confused at the look at the lady in thick, weird clothes from the mirror, but doesn’t say anything after a thought.
	Jenny is heading to a private beauty salon to do her makeup for it’s still early at 7 and she didn’t remove all her makeup without her cosmetic bag last night.
	At 9:50, Jenny gets to the backstage late.
	Shawn has been waiting for Jenny for almost an hour with no answering of her phone calls, and looks extremely angry to see Jenny.
	The conference is ready except Jessica and Jenny. What would come next?
	As Jenny runs through the corridor on her high heels, Shawn instantly puts on a cold face.
	“Jenny, do you have no notion of time?”
	She didn’t mean to be late but the salon didn’t open till 9, before which she waited for 2 hours at the door. It took her half an hour to do the makeup and 20 minutes to get here by taxi.
	“I don’t have time for craps now. I’ll get even with you after the conference. Get to the stage now.”
	Shaw shakes her hands, looking impatient.
	“Where’s Jessica?” Jenny looks around but to find no such a splendid figure.
	“Not the time for asking. Get to the stage.”
	Shawn scolds her and she doesn’t dare to retort, lowering her head. She calms herself down by taking a deep breath with her hands on the chest before walking to the middle of spotlight on the red carpet.
	“Let’s welcome our pretty, talented movie queen, Jessica Vogt...”
	Jenny is in such a shock that she can no long move forward as if her shoes got stuck on the floor.
	
Chapter 37 A mistake
	The host looks at Jenny, following the spotlight with a smile on his face.
	He feels surprised to see Jenny who looks embarrassed and he looks down subconsciously on the script.
	He’s righ. The first one to get onto stage should be Jessica.
	With the spotlight on herself, Jenny gets stuck in a dilemma under people’s discussion.
	“Shouldn’t it be Jessica?”
	“Isn’t that Jenny? What’s going on?”
	Under the stage, Shawn casts a glare at the assistant beside her, “What is it? Didn’t you tell him?”
	The assistant trembles with fear, “Shawn, I didn’t have the time. It would be Jessica’s turn but he’s been up there all the time. And Jenny suddenly showed up. So I didn’t have the time.”
	“Jessica is the plan but Jenny isn’t.”
	“There must be an inside story. Jenny has got good exposure lately.”
	“She must have support.”
	Jenny knits her brows more and more tightly as she listens to the whispers.
	At this moment, the host should have told some jokes to ease the awkward atmosphere; but he is a new hand without any experience to tackle the emergency situation, so he just stands there, speechless.
	Jenny clenches her fingers, walks to the center on her high heels, and nods to the host.
	He passes the microphone to her hesitantly.
	“Hello everyone, in case you don’t know me, I’m Jenny. This program features me and Jessica, my senior. She is the mainstay of our company, so she should of course be in the grand finale. I guess the host skipped my name for he mistook me as a staff here, after all I’m not famous.”
	The audience burst into laughter.
	Jenny wags her tongue and smiles at the host, bowing herself slightly. She eases the embarrassment under people’s kind laugh.
	The host felt surprised at her. Her quick reaction ability surpasses that of her age when she eased the embarrassment with her logical joke; what’s more impressive is that she remained calm without appearing unhappy or upset when she was called the wrong name.
	He lowers his head to read the script to find out more about Jenny who he knows little about for her name was added last night. He is shocked when he comes across that she was esteemed as Golden Bear movie queen for the movie “I Want to Fly” at the age of 17.
	The movie had pretty good word of mouth. It was a long story about the educated youth who went to poor areas to study and stood up to the unfair treatment. The previous one third of it featured Jenny who was picked up by Director Zhang from high school students, and the rest featured older actors.
	The movie won the best international movie award, and to people’s surprise, the new actress who acted as the 15-year-old educated youth defeated the old ones and won the Golden Bear movie queen.
	Back then, Jenny looked sweet with two dimples on her tender, fat face at the age of 17.
	So the host finds it somewhat unbelievable that she turns out to be an elegant lady.
	She is no longer a young girl after all, and new actors keep making their debut in the entertainment circle, so most audience members might have already forgotten her splendid achievement. The award doesn’t seem to give her much help in the career.
	“Jessica is truly splendid, so are you. You won the Golden Bear at 17. What an achievement for a young girl! You’re being modest.”
	The host follows her joke.
	She smiles bashfully, and her eyes flash with sadness the moment she lowers her head.
	“Just curious, why have you been inactive these four years after the award in the best moment for you to develop?”
	To that one, she’s got the standard answer from the company.
	“I was too young to take such a great honor, and I had to finish school, so I chose school as normal people do.”
	She was designed to be an educated young girl by the company, and she does live up to the educated part for she got the Bachelor of Business Management of The University of Melbourne.
	The host asks questions from the script while reporters under the stage do not ask nice questions.
	“Jenny, you were taken pictures when buying a pregnancy tester at the pharmacy. What’s the truth? Did you get married without telling the public?”
	The question provokes the crowds.
	“I’ve always looked forward to explaining it. I bought the tester for my friend not myself. I covered myself totally but I still got recognized, so I’d better not do such a kind of favor again.”
	Her answer is frank and calm, and makes the reporters speechless.
	“What about your boyfriend outside this circle?”
	Jenny is surprised to hear that. The previous scandal was between her and Frankie. Now that they broke up, it wouldn’t be a lie if she denies it.
	“I have male friends. Or else, who would company me in my spare time?”
	Rolling her eyes, she gives a tricky answer.
	She was demanded not to give details about her boyfriend by the company, so she follows it even though she doesn’t know the reason.
	All the reporters still look curious and keep raising questions successively.
	“Are you really dating Mr. Lu of Luke Up Group?”
	“Did you really get in Mr. Lu’s car outside the pharmacy?”
	No one dared to expose the license plate number of Luke’s car, so such rumors aroused. In fact, the reporters already confirmed that with no difficulty.
	“Interesting, well, we’re just friends.”
	Jenny criticizes them to herself: why do they ask these questions? The questions should have been chosen.
	“I’m sure you’ve got lots of questions, but we’ve got to save time for movie queen Jessica, who you’ve been expecting to meet. It’s time for her now, I’m sure you wouldn’t like to miss this chance.”
	The host interrupts the reporters as he casts a glance at the door and finds Jessica ready.
	“Let’s welcome our true movie queen, Jessica.”
	Everyone casts the eyes on the door and finds Jessica looking vigorous in a white shirt and a demin skirt as she walks to the stage leisurely.
	Jenny breathes a relief and steps back to the shadow carefully.
	The sound from her belly covers the host’s voice and she sneakily pets her own belly.
	So hungry.
	
Chapter 38 Help Her
	Jenny didn’t even have breakfast because she left the house quite hastily. Wt’s worse, lunch seems a long time to go.
	After Jenny gets onto the stage, the reporters just ask her a few simple questions because she has a good image and hardly have any negative news. She is a national goddess now.
	When the whole crew stand on the stage to accept the reporters’ interview as the host says, a question is raised,
	“Jessica, people say Jenny is your bosom friend. When did you make the acquaintance?”
	It sounds like a simple question.
	“She was my classmate in the middle school.” Jessica replies with a smile and doesn’t have chane to let Jenny talk about something.
	“Do you know whether Jenny is dating with the boss of Luke Up Group?”
	Jessica smiles blandly, “I suppose they are barely friends. The scandal came out of nowhere and it’s ridiculous. They didn’t know each other before the pharmacy thing.”
	Her answer is a surprise to Jenny and the reporters.
	A few days ago, Jenny said Luke is her friend before Jessica says they are barely friends.
	Their words contradict each other.
	Reporters just love to dig old stories. Sensing something is behind this, surely they won’t let it go.
	“But Jenny acknowledged Luke is her friend, and you say they are barely friends. Can I take it this way that Jenny keeps many things from you? For example, the premarital pregnancy, it didn’t come out of nowhere because Jenny was seen to get in the car of Luke in front of the pharmacy.”
	The reporter who asks this question has a confusing appearance with black-rimmed glasses, but she is a female in her twenties judging from a voice. Her question of clear logic and good organization can’t be muddled through.
	Shawn glares at her assistant, “What’s going on? Who’s she? Why doesn’t she follow the script?”
	Agents usually check on reporters’ questions in advance, and to avoid critical ones, they will compensate reporters with extra information. This way of cooperation good for both sides brings convenience to their future work. But that reporter obviously didn’t follow the rule.
	The assistant is about to cry, saying, “She’s an intern of Fengliang Entertainment Magazine. She substitutes the one who feels ill suddenly.”
	Shawn clenches her fist, looking quite nervous.
	She feels embarrassed to kick the reporter out of here in front of so many people.
	Jenny, only she can help herself, and hopefully Jessica will say something good for you.
	“Ridiculous, I’ve known Jenny for years. How would she know a man completely out of her life? The whole story happened after they met at the pharmacy.”
	Hearing her words, Jenny frowns tightly.
	Jessica’s words sound like help her but what she said push Jenny to another trap invisibly. What happened between Jenny and Luke after they met at the pharmacy? Has she been interfering him? Sensitive reporters can capture these topics rapidly.
	Jessica must have known this after all these years in the entertainment circle.
	Jenny raises her head, looking surprised in her cold eyes. To her at this moment, Jessica feels like a stranger. A person can change in a short time.
	Reporters crowd in.
	“Jenny, was it a coincidence that you met Mr. Lu at the pharmacy as Jessica says?”
	“Do you not announce your love relationship because Lu’s family disagrees?”
	“Are you pregnant? Is it because the Lu acknowledges your baby that your love relationship was exposed?”
	Bad-intentional guesses are thrown to Jenny.
	She has felt hard to answer questions for the first time.
	Those reporters don’t give her any chance to answer because they can get it from her facial expression. Next up, they will use their imagination to fake stories which will turn out to be the headline news.
	“It’s nothing complicated as you imagine. I met Mr. Lu not long ago, and we are just...”
	Jenny flings up her hands, looking helpless, “I’m not pregnant at all. I can do a pregnancy test with one of you as a company, what do you think?”
	Her words hush all people for a few seconds. Shawn widens her eyes and Jessica beside her flashes with a surprised look in her eyes.
	Pregnancy test?
	Did she just say that?
	Oh crap.
	She wishes to bite her tongue off. Has she lost her mind to say that?
	Those two words are more than enough to make her on the front page.
	Under this circumstance, the conference must be canceled. Shawn tips the host a wink and all actors leave the stage in advance with the help of the host and security guards.
	But it takes over 10 minutes to walk 5 meters to the door with the reporters surrounding them.
	Jessica and Jenny are separated by the reporters. She answers questions naively as if she didn’t provoke all this.
	“No, I don’t know clearly.”
	“...”
	“Really? I hear it from you. Is it even possible?”
	“...”
	“You’d better ask her. I don’t know it well. After all, we have our own secrets. Jenny has been quite pretty and got many wooers since her childhood. So I’m not surprised that she would get married young.”
	“...”
	Every word of her answer comes to Jenny’s ears. She would have clapped her if they were not separated by so many people.
	How could one be so shameless to this extend? She’s really better at acting than Jenny, even though they are both movie queens.
	When they finally make it to the door, a voice shouts.
	“Isn’t that Mr. Lu?”
	Everyone casts the eyes on the door at the same time.
	The man in a black shirt of proper cutting walks in a dignity way on the carpet.
	A silver necklace hangs on his bony fingers. He says in a cold, emotionless tone, regardless of people around,
	“You forget it in the bedroom.”
	At the sight of the familiar necklace, Jenny gets absent-minded and makes no respond for a while.
	He knows where he is. Why does he say that?
	Suddenly a reporter takes the photo of them, but he forgets to turn off the flash light. So a white light abruptly lights them up and all the people.
Chapter 39 Declaration
	Four hours ago, Luke found her necklace in the bedroom after Jenny left.
	George picks up the phone right after it rings. He sounds dreamily and a woman’s sleeping sound can be heard.
	“Luke, it’s early in the morning. You ruin my dream.”
	“Are you sure what you said last night is true?”
	“What did I say?” George turns over and wakes himself up a bit, “Oh, that. Almost a hundred percent sure about that.”
	Luke remains silent for a few seconds before saying something that George regrets he doesn’t record,
	“I like Jenny.”
	“Uh-huh.” George replies blandly before it repeats in his mind and he abruptly bounces up from the bed, “Uh? What you just say? Say...say it again.”
	His hands keep shaking when he presses the record button.
	Luke just ignores his requirement and asks directly,
	“What’s next?”
	If they haven’t been around together for years, he wouldn’t know what Luke means by saying what’s next.
	In this world, no one else knows Luke better than George, not even Luke himself.
	George gets excited with the corners of his mouth trembling, “Declaration.”
	The most direct way, which is also the best way for Luke to do, is declaration. All men who have a crush on Jenny will stop thinking about hooking up on her because of Luke’s status, leaving more room for them to develop.
	“Hey, don’t hang up. Say it again that you like Jenny...Hey, Luke, screw you.”
	...
	Cameras keep clacking and are almost pushed to Jenny’s face, making her helpless.
	Luke’s presence upgrades the event.
	He’s holding her necklace, and said it publicly that she forgot it in the bedroom.
	What’s he up to?
	Jenny feels her hands stiff and the necklace as heavy as a rock.
	“Thank you.”
	She says it with hatred.
	Luke hands the necklace to her and swaggers away. What could she do with the awkward situation?
	But Luke doesn’t mean to leave.
	“You said the necklace was in the bedroom. Does it mean you live together?” A reporter asks boldly.
	“No.” Luke casts a glance at Jenny.
	His firm answer satisfies Jessica who flashes happiness in her eyes.
	How would such a big shot as Luke fancy such an unknown actress? It’s nothing serious between them, how would he acknowledge their relation in public? Jenny is just a lover at most.
	However, a cold voice suddenly presses the noise in the mall.
	“She’s lived with my grandma for now.”
	Luke’s grandma is the most powerful leader and the only member of the Lu family ever shown in the public.
	Does it mean the Lu have already accepted Jenny?
	The reporters get passionate that they get some big news.
	As the dream man of many girls in Xicheng, Luke’s scandal with some unknown actress must be massively discussed online.
	Perceiving Luke doesn’t reject questions as he used to, the reporters perform their professionalism by raising questions persistently. Luke picks some to answer, giving Jenny a tremble for the whole process.
	When Luke is asked about the premarital pregnancy, he frowns tightly and puts on a cold look, “No comment on this one.”
	Is it really happening? Or Luke has lost his mind?
	The conference should have been due a long time ago. When security guards guide the reporters to leave, Luke and Jenny leave the spot with the help of Luke’s assistant.
	Jessica stands there, clenching her fists sneakily and looking obviously sinister.
	...
	“Why did you say that?” a voice questions in the car.
	It sounds confused and somewhat annoyed.
	Jenny is a public figure and will be one in the future. What Luke said in public will bring her more drawbacks whether he said that with whatever intention.
	“You got your ID card with you? The household register is in your apartment?”
	“Uh?”
	Jenny is confused, “What’s that for?”
	“To register.”
	“Register what?”
	“Marriage.”
	“Ah?” she draws out the last word, “Marriage...”
	Jenny swallows what she tries to say when seeing Luke’s serious face.
	“Mr. Lu, I think we need to talk.”
	They should have had a talk. If she did something to make him misunderstand, she should have explained it. Marriage is serious. She’s an actress and she has made up her mind to marry late and be pregnant late, or even never do either of that. Even her husband would be Luke. He’s not the perfect match for her.
	“Sure.”
	Luke agrees rapidly but he turns around to ask the driver to send them to Jenny’s apartment.
	“What about the talk?”
	“We’ll talk in your apartment and grab the register. I’ll have a meeting this afternoon.”
	He talks as if he didn’t take marriage seriously.
	Jenny even suspects they have different understanding about marriage.
	When they get to the apartment, Luke doesn’t treat himself as a guest. He just walks in as if it was his house.
	Jenny seldom stays at home. She spends most her time attending activities with the senior. She rents this place for temporary use, so it’s simply equipped and nothing’s left in the rubbish bin except for waste paper.
	“All I got here is water, would you like some?”
	Luke slightly looks up at the family photo on the small shelf.
	A little girl with clear dimples on her face rides on her dad’s shoulders. She has a big smile with eyes squeezing and two front teeth gone, like a toothless old lady.
	“I fell down before taking this photo, and I was in the dental transitional period, so the teeth dropped...” Jenny feels embarrassed and explains, passing the water to Luke, “Not sure if you like it.”
	She barely has visitors and she moved back here not long ago, so things are randomly located. Several boxes are even left in the living room.
	Following Luke’s eyes, Jenny subconsciously explains.
	“Just some stuff I put in my friend’s house before I went abroad. They were delivered back not long ago. I have no time to put them away.”
	“No need. Chen will take them away in the afternoon.”
	His voice sounds reasonable and Jenny suddenly recalls that he’s not here for chic-chat.
	
Chapter 40 Nothing about time
	“Mr. Lu, I’m not sure we have the same understanding about marriage.”
	Jenny takes care of her clothes and sits on the sofa, and Luke sits opposite her by the tea table.
	“The same understanding?” Luke looks up at her, “Who else is better to be your husband than me?”
	“Ah?” Jenny’s jaw drops and her mind goes blank.
	What’s his logic?
	“It’s not about better or not, listen, we knew each other just a month ago.”
	“How long would be better?”
	“It’s nothing about time.”
	“Oh?” Luke looks at her with mysteriousness.
	Jenny looks shocked and wishes to clap herself, recalling her illogical words.
	It gets silent in the living room and Luke doesn’t mean to start a conversation. And Jenny can’t recover from his jokey answer. She thinks hard, lowering her head, before saying this a while later,
	“Why on earth would you marry me?”
	“We’re a good match.”
	Luke adjusts the way he sits and slows down his speech, as if he was determined to win this negotiation.
	Jenny finds the conversation can’t go any further.
	“Forget it. We can’t even talk, can we?” Jenny stands up and puts an end to the conversation, “Mr. Lu, please leave. I don’t think it necessary to continue.”
	She’s certain that she won’t get married with the man who she knew two weeks ago. She’s not the impulsive type of person.
	Sensing the somewhat impatient look on Jenny’s face, Luke stands up, “You should give it a thought.”
	“Why?” Jenny can’t help laughing.
	“I’m a perfect match for you in terms of my look and my family background. What’s more, I can guarantee you a promising future in the entertainment circle.”
	Jenny didn’t give a thought about his proposal but his guarantee makes her a little interested.
	She’s well aware of the hidden rules in the entertainment circle. She’s just too new to meet many of those. All she wants to do is focus on acting, but she is forced to attend various activities as the company arranges and play second banana with senior actors, and she is constantly blamed for newsjacking.
	But if she got married with Luke, would it be different from the hidden rule?
	Jenny frowns, scared by the idea.
	What is she thinking about? Getting married?
	Is she insane?
	“Mr. Lu... I don’t think it’s a good idea. I’ll work on my own.’
	She clenches her fingers, looking thinner in the big black and white shirts.
	Luke throws these words to her, “You’ll have time to think about it.”
	He doesn’t give the exact time, but Jenny finds it embarrassed to ask since she rejected him. But his words put the whole thing to an endless loop.
	So she grits her teeth and continues to reject him, raising her head, “I don’t think it necessary, Mr. Lu.”
	He raises his arm to check the time, and says in a bland but firm tone, “It’s time for the meeting. I’ll take you out for dinner. Tell me your decision at night. You’ll have enough time to think about it before that.”
	Jenny feels quite embarrassed.
	How could several hours be enough to think about such a serious question?
	“Can I say no?” Jenny swallows.
	“Sure, I never force people.” Luke knits his eyebrows, “I’ll keep this necklace for now.”
	Jenny subconsciously feels her neck and recalls she put the necklace on the tea table because it’s broken. But he...
	“You...”
	“I’ll keep it for you. It’s up to you whether you’ll join me for dinner.”
	Jessica stamps on her feet angrily, “Mr. Lu, it’s a bully.”
	She doesn’t want to interact with him too much for she is troubled by scandals because of him.
	“Taking a necklace from you is not a bully.”
	He puts it in his pocket and looks up at Jenny with a cold, serious look in his eyes.
	“I want my wife to be obeying. You have my grandma like you and you need a person to help you with your career. It only comes with advantages for both of us to get married. Other concerns are meaningless. Think on the bright side.”
	After Luke leaves, Jenny slowly feels the edge of the sofa and sits down.
	Other concerns are meaningless, so should she think about it that they get married?
	When she is deep in thought, the doorbell suddenly rings. Luke might have forgotten something, so Jenny gets up to open the door and finds the driver standing there.
	“Did Mr. Lu forget anything?” Jenny asks hesitantly.
	He carries several bags in his hands, with sweats on his forehead, “Miss, before you got upstairs, Mr. Lu ordered me to buy some food from Chenghu Restaurant. I had the food packed up. Please eat hot.”
	Jenny is surprised.
	“Miss, may I come in? Mr. Lu is waiting for me in the car.”
	“Oh, sorry. Come on in.” Jenny suddenly comes back to herself and makes room for him. The driver puts the food on the table and casts a glance at Jenny with mysteriousness, “Miss, Mr. Lu has never treated a woman like this, except you.”
	His words overwhelm Jenny and she criticizes to herself,
	“He must have never asked a woman to grab the household register and ID card to get married before a meeting.”
	“Good men should have backbones, but eating the food doesn’t reduce my integrity, does it?”
	Jenny mumbles as she unpacks the chopsticks. It’s just a meal, I can compensate by treating him to dinner.”
	But she wouldn’t love to have dinner with him if she didn’t get the necklace from her mother.
	When she is eating, there is an income call from Monica.
	Jenny is happy to see her call and slides to answer.
	The phone is on a pink rack. The screen shakes and a sweet round face shows. She yells in an excited tone, “Babe, you have time to answer my video call. Actors are supposed to be busy with work, aren’t they?”
	Jenny helplessly shakes her chopsticks, “But they also need food to survive. Plus, I’m a new hand in this circle. I don’t have much work.”
	“Right, just take time to enjoy before you get super popular. By then, we’ll have no time to meet. But if you really wouldn’t meet me, I would expose your embarrassing history, haha!”
Chapter 41 Friend
	Not know what happens, she is laughing crazily so that the phone is also shaking. Then Jenny feels eyes ache.
	That girl on the phone is named Amelia, who is a friend of Jenny’s in Melbourne. They are at the same age so they get along well with each other. Jenny met Amelia when she was working in a bar. She is an easy-going and lovely girl, majoring in advertising design. She is also the martial arts coach of the Chinese team in the Melbourne martial arts association. Her idol is Statham.
	“When you come back, then you can live with me so that we can meet every day.”
	As Jenny is saying, she put a piece of meat into her mouth, so she can’t be heard clearly.
	Then, Amelia shouted loudly on the phone, “Well, what are you eating? Is it braised pork in brown sauce?”
	“Yes. It is really delicious.”
	Jenny picks up a piece of braised pork, dangles it to Amelia and says, “Smell it. It smells good.”
	“I hate you!” Amelia complains, “It is a pity that there is no authentic braised pork in brown sauce in Melbourne. I cannot understand why my father and my brother send me here. And I will come back China tomorrow.”
	“Don’t be foolish. Do you want give up your master degree? You should hand in the graduation design. Don't muck about there. Make good preparation for it, and I promise I will invite you to enjoy it when you come back.”
	Then, Amelia answers proudly, “You have to keep your word. I'll probably be back by the end of this month. I've booked my flight.”
	Jenny feels surprised when she is told the massage.
	“But what about your graduation thesis?”
	“I have applied with my tutor. My tutor recommends me to work in a design company when I come back to China, which may help me look for inspiration. My graduation thesis is related to many elements in China, and I can't make it here, so this time I'm going back justifiably."
	Amelia feels very happy when she is speaking. Suddenly she claps her forehead, “Oh. I want to give you a surprise when I come back, but now I tell you. Shit.”
	Then, Jenny can’t help laughing, with squirting the rice out of her mouth.
	“Oh, you waste it!” Amelia is shouting.
	Jenny shakes her shoulder, and says, “I usually keep the meal light to keep fit. But today it is sent by someone else.”
	“Well, someone else?” Amelia winks, “Frankie?”
	Hearing the name Frankie, Jenny suddenly feels like a lump in her throat and also feels tasteless with the braised pork in brown sauce in her mouth.
	Amelia is so smart that she realizes something wrong, “What happens? Is not Frankie?”
	When she was in Melbourne, Jenny told Amelia many times that there was a boyfriend waiting for her in Wuxi.
	“We have already broken up.”
	It is the first time for her to tell the truth. She has few friends and has even fewer friends whom can talk with. After returning back, she regards Jessica as her best friend, but the fact that she is wrong.
	Amelia feels confused. Suddenly, she says, “it may be a good choice!”
	Then, Jenny looks surprised.
	“Do you comfort me?”
	“I do not comfort you. The day before yesterday, my brother called me and told me that Adan would come back China soon for his company’s project.”
	“Is Adan going to come back China?”
	“Yes. You have been friends for several years. And both of you made your debut together and became the best actor and actress in the same year. Now he is very famous. Since he loves you for many years, so it must be a great chance for him if you break up with Frankie.”
	Without any attention to Jenny’s reaction, Amelia has fallen into deep thought, “Well, I am really happy for Adan, who will meet a good opportunity.”
	Jenny touches her forehead and says seriously, “Don’t be kidding. We are good friends. What’s more, if he comes back, why doesn’t he tell me? So don’t lie to me.”
	“No matter what you say, I think you and Adan will be together sooner or later.”
	It is useless to explain to Ameila who only cares about love. Then, she thinks of something need to deal with, so she says good bye to Amelia in hurry.
	But Jenny still feels worried.
	Jenny thinks that she is an independent person. But she hasn't repaid my parents for their raising. And she even does not know why her father died in the jail. When her mother suffered from depression, she was promoting the new movie, so that Jenny didn't see her mother until she died. Later, she was banned. With the help of Adan, she went abroad for further study.
	She owes Adan so much that she doesn't know what to do for him.
	Looking at the meal on the table, she thinks a lot. Although she knows she should not think too much, she still wants to look for a way how to be successful.
	Her thought is broken by a call from Shawn. She is told that a designer of Ishmo Jewelry Company wants to meet her to discuss something important and that she has to go to the company now.
	On the way to the company, she thinks that perhaps it is a shortcut.
	She does not believe that this chance is created by her or Shawn. Because she is just a newer without any ability to get the endorsement.
	At the audition, those staffs’ perfunctory attitudes of Ishmo Jewelry Company makes her believe it.
	According to the normal endorsement review process, it is not so easy for her to answer few questions and then end it. It must be something wrong about it.
	She feels blessed by the God. And she is dizzy all the afternoon. Shawn is discussing the price with the manager of the Ishmo Jewelry Company and the manager does not lower the price. They even bring the contract in advance.
	When she signs the contract, she feels that she can’t hold the pen.
	“I am so sorry that I cannot take this endorsement.”
	Her words directly broke the harmonious environment in the meeting room. Shawn looks at Jenny and she looks incredible. Shawn cannot believe what she hears
	“Jenny, are you crazy?”
	“Shawn, I am so sorry that I cannot take this endorsement.”
	Jenny puts down the pen slowly and she feels relieved. She looks up at Andy, “Do you really think that I have enough ability to take this endorsement?”
	Andy is a little bit arrogant, and she frowns, “Your temperament matches it. Aren’t you satisfied with the price?”
	“No,” she answers, “I am very satisfied with the price. But I am a newer and I cannot get such level by myself. If you choose me not because of me but other factors, I will not take this endorsement.”
	
Chapter 42 Declining
	When hearing those words, Andy can’t help staring at Jenny.
	According the big boss’s request, he knows that the spokesman must be chosen by the boss. He is not happy, so he is playing with the phone all the time. He just asks the manager to discuss with the agent.
	Why does she give up the endorsement?
	It must be the first time for Andy to meet such thing.
	Interesting.
	Shawn becomes so angry that she is trembling. She keeps saying sorry to the manager and then drags Jenny to the other side, scolding, “Are you crazy?”
	“Shawn, I cannot take this endorsement.”
	“Why? It is such a good chance that many people try their best but fail to get it.”
	“But I don't get it on my own merit.”
	“Jenny,” Shawn is very angry, “You are not a newer for you joint in the showbiz when you were seventeen. It is not a kindergarten here. People in the showbiz try to get success in different kinds of way. But why do you give up such a good chance. You should cherish it.”
	“But I really can't take this chance.”
	Shawn knows that Jenny is very stubborn.
	Shawn is angry, but there is nothing she can do about her refusal to sign the endorsement. Now she regrets that the company does not hand over all the signing rights to her when the company signs the contract with Jenny.
	“It’s up to you. You can do what you want in the future. I don't care.”
	Shawn frowns, opens the door and goes out of the meeting room.
	People in the room look at each other. Jenny bends slightly toward the staffs of Ishmo Jewelry Company, and says sorry. And then she turns to leave.
	She knows it must be arranged by Luke. This way of trading is really unpleasant. She feels unhappier than when she lives in the Flower House.
	“What’s her name?” Andy looks at the back of Jenny. He takes interested in her.
	“It is said that she is arranged by Mr. Lu. Last time, she wore the Venus necklace which was lent by Mr. Lu.”
	“Well, Mr. Lu’s friend?” Andy says, “Do you have her photos about her daily life or wearing the Venus necklace? If you do, send me.”
	“But she does not take the endorsement.” The assistant answers.
	“She is the first person to refuse the endorsement of Ishmo Jewelry Company. Though she is not very beautiful, her courage is rare. So let me enjoy it.”
	……
	Luke always keeps his words. When Jenny comes out of the company, she sees the driver waiting for her. Then the driver opens the car door respectfully. The driver is polite and gentle.
	“Where’s Mr. Lu?”
	“He is still having meeting. He asks me to take you to the hotel first. He'll be here soon.”
	Now Jenny feels relaxed. Fortunately, they don't go there in the same car together, otherwise she will be embarrassed for a long time.
	As long as she stays in the same space with Luke, she can’t help thinking of the night before.
	Now Luke is not in the car, but when she thinks of something on the last night, she still feels embarrassed.
	Luke books a box in an upscale western restaurant. There are two waiters outside the door. They wear a black vest with a bow tie. They are very respectful.
	The waiter pulls back the chair, and Jenny thanks him and sits down to look at the menu.
	“When does Mr. Lu come here?”
	She thinks that she should not eat first and then looks at Luke when he comes.
	“He'll be there in about five minutes. You may order for yourself first. We know Mr. Lu's taste and have ordered it in advance.”
	Luke is exceptionally vigorous in work and life. For him, eating is a race against time. Jenny’s afraid that her order is served not as fast as his.
	“Wellington Steak.”
	She has expected to pay for the meal, but when she sees the price on the menu, she gives up the idea. Her basic salary in a year is not enough to pay the bill, and she does not have any announcement.
	“Would you like some drinks?”
	“I’d like a glass of water.”
	She just glances at the wine list, and finds that it isn't below $1,000.
	Luke arrives in exactly five minutes. He still wears the black suit, without a single wrinkle. His feature is very delicate, and his razor-sharp eyebrows has an indescribable seriousness.
	“I am sorry for letting you wait me for a long time” He says.
	“It does not matter, I have just arrived.”
	“Do you order something?”
	“Yes. And they say that they help you order according to your habit...”
	“Yeah.”
	He replies simply and takes out a gift box.
	Jenny feels surprised at first. When she sees the rectangular purple gift box open, she takes a deep breath.
	It is the necklace that her mother had left her.
	“Do you help me repair it?”
	Jenny looks at it for a moment. "It is the same as before.”
	“What about putting on it?”
	Luke asks casually.
	Jenny nods and is about to put it on. Then the necklace in her hand is suddenly taken away, only leaving a cold touch.
	Luke goes around the table with the necklace. He wants to help Jenny put on the necklace, and she is unable to refuse. His hands pass round her neck and and the silver chain flashes a fleeting light before her eyes. She feels cool on her neck.
	“It is said that you turn down the endorsement of Ishmo Jewelry Company.”
	Behind her comes a cold voice.
	Her back stiffens and she nods hesitantly. "Yeah."
	In his opinion, Jenny may be ungrateful.
	“If you do not like it, then change into Venchy Company. Ishmo's main line is too noble, and endorsing only one collection won't help too much."
	“Venchy?”
	Jenny’s eyes widen. Luke says at will. Venchy Company only invites foreign models, so she does not dare to hope to cooperate with it.
	“Mr. Lu, I do not mean that...” Jenny hesitates for a long time, but decides to make it clear, “You'd better not interfere in my personal affairs, and we are not very familiar, right?”
	It suddenly comes a burst of necklace breaking sound. Exquisite lock buckle slips on Luke’s hand.
	“It is not repaired very well. Then I'll have it repaired tomorrow.”
	His voice sounds cold and threatening, as if it were a warning.
	Jenny feels a chill running through her upper body.
	
Chapter 43 Drunk to make trouble
	The necklace on the neck slips and leaves a cool touch.
	“Mr. Luke, your meal is ready.”
	The waiter comes in time to break the rigid atmosphere of the moment.
	Luke comes back his seat. Then, he lays the folded red handkerchief slowly in front of him, as if nothing happens.
	He isn't going to give her the necklace back now.
	Jenny cannot understand his temper. There are too many rumors about him outside and he is so indifferent that it is hard to get close to him. It is such an unapproachable person that suddenly wants to marry her.
	“Let’s start to eat.”
	“Alright.”
	The smell of steak helps them to forget the embarrassment.
	Jenny lowers her head and stares at her plate, with an eager to finish the steak.
	"Taste this." says Luke. His gentle speaking passes through the roses on the table, as if carrying a special fragrance to Jenny.
	Jenny looks up and finds that it is not his words that have the aroma, but the cod steak he brings to her plate smells delicious.
	The cod steak is sprinkled with a yellowish powder, but it still retains its original taste. This hotel is really good.
	"Thanks, it's delicious." Jenny is a little nervous. Luke seems to be kind today, but she feels uncomfortable.
	Out of politeness, Jenny tries to change a new topic to break such awkward atmosphere. "Are you good at food? I have been abroad before, and I don't know where the food is delicious when I come back. If you know, can you recommend some?”
	Luke has intended to say no, but he changes his mind after hearing her words.
	“I can take you there in the future.”
	Luke gets a massage from George. “What about the hotel I book for you?”
	Jenny is a food lover. When it comes to food, she starts to talk about her experience in Melbourne.
	Luke occasionally nods in return to Jenny. Jenny has promised not to drink, but can not stop after tasting it.
	Her father was a wine lover before. And Jin’s Wine was famous. In his cellar, there were a lot of rare wines with global limited quantity. Jenny grew up in such environment. Although the capacity has never increased, she becomes more and stricter about the quality of wine.
	“This is the Cabernet Sauvignon of 1998!” She tastes it and looks at him.
	Luke looks at her and compliments, "What do you think of it?"
	“It will be better if it is sobered up for more time. This wine is really rare, and there are few in the world, so I am very surprised to be able to drink it here.”
	Jenny drank several cups of wine in succession with Luke. The wine is worth millions. After opening it, if it is not drunk up, its taste will be not as good as before even it is sealed up. She is unwilling to waste it, so she drinks a lot.
	"Do you know what the best way to make money is when working in bars abroad?"
	Looking at Jenny’s red face, and hearing her words, Luke frowns. He becomes serious.
	“Have you worked in a bar?”
	“Yeah. I have to make money.” Looking at Luke’s serious expression, Jenny blinks her eyes and leans over the table laughing, “Oh, you think too much. Can’t someone work well in the bar? In fact, I can earn a lot of extra money. I can earn my tuition of half a year when only working for two months.”
	“……”
	“...”
	“And I always earn more money than others,” she changes her posture, “International students in Melbourne love to eat pickled chicken feet, especially in a bar. Thus, I always make a lot of chicken feet and sell them on the sly."
	When hearing these words, his brow becomes relaxed gradually.
	Jenny keeps talking about how she discussed with the owner of the chicken farm to get a lot of chicken feet for free, and that she made chicken feet with pickled pepper at home and sold them.
	Then Luke smiles. It seems that he begins to like her.
	"Can you make chicken feet with pickled pepper?" The way he smiles makes Jenny almost fall asleep.
	“You are so handsome.” She does not seem to hearing Luke’s talking. Suddenly she touches her face with one hand and reaches the other hand pointing at Luke, “You are so handsome that there must be lots of girls loving you.”
	“Then do lots of boys like you?” Luke talks to her patiently, smiling.
	When she is told that Luke will marry her, she is deliberately polite and distant. But now, after drinking some wine, Jenny becomes lovely
	“Yeah.” Jenny nods proudly, “Of course, but I think that more people like me than like you.”
	Suddenly, she wobbly stands up, picks up the glass, and goes to the front of Luke, pinching his face, “If you keep smiling, more people will like you.”
	“……”
	“...”
	“Cheers!”
	The glass makes a nice clink when they toast. Luke stares at Jenny when she drinks. Her neck is so white and her breasts go up and down when she drinks. Luke is charmed.
	“Look, I drink it all, why don’t you do that?”
	She looks very cute, like a kitten, tricky and strange.
	Luke does not know what he should do. It seems that he is unable to talk seriously with a drunk. Before drinking another glass of wine, he says, “Finish this glass of wine, then we go home back?”
	“No.” Jenny replies, “Enjoy life and live for today.”
	Luke looks down and smiles. He takes the glass to his mouth and seems to think of something but stops, “Since you ask me to drink, there must be a reason, so you must promise me a thing.”
	“Of course. I promise. Cheer up.” She takes him by the arm as if in a coquetry.
	This is probably the most satisfying drink Luke has had in those days.
	At noon on the next day, the sun from the outside of the curtains shines on a small delicate face, which carries a unique youthful childishness.
	Jenny is woken up by the annoying sunshine.
	She gets up from the bed in a daze, and unconsciously reaches out her hands to look for her mobile phone. But when just reaching out of the quilt, she feels a burst of cool rushing in. Then she suddenly opens her eyes.
	When does she put on the lace halter skirt?
	what happened last night?
	Wasn't she having dinner with Luke last night?
	Where is it?
	She wraps the quilt and looks around. The environment is not only familiar but also strange. It is the Flower House, where Luke’s grandma lives.
Chapter 44 In duplicate and being effective last night
	But how does she come here?
	Jenny can’t help but shake her hair, trying to remind herself of something last night.
	Some vague impressions begin to come to her mind.
	At the beginning, they drank the Cabernet Sauvignon of 1998! Because she enjoys the wine, she drank a lot. But in her memory, there was a man smiling. Who was the man?
	Is the man Luke?
	Did she get drunk?
	Jenny pulls the quilt and looks down at her bare shoulders. She feels the pain in her waist and back. Thinking of what might happen, she frowns fiercely.
	It is Mrs. Lu who opens the door. Although she is old, she is still very healthy.
	She just wants to make sure whether Jenny has got up or not. But when she finds Jenny’s bare shoulders, she is very surprised. She runs to the bed with small steps, takes off her beam-colored knitting shawl and put it on Jenny's shoulder.
	“My baby, you're wearing too little. Luke should ask you to wear more for you are pregnant.”
	Jenny shrinks her shoulders, “Mrs. Lu, last night I...”
	“Oh.” Mrs. Lu sits down in the bedside, pats Jenny’s arm and continues, “I have scolded Luke. He should not take you out to drink for you are pregnant. He is unable to take good care of you.”
	Jenny takes a deep sign and asks hesitantly, “Mrs. Lu, who can help change my clothes?”
	“Luke...”
	“What?” Jenny stares and shouts in surprise. Her face turns red and her shawl shakes off.
	Mrs. Lu covers her mouth and laughs, "Oh, you are pregnant now, and the wedding is also in the planning, so do you still feel shy?”
	“Mrs. Lu!” Jenny looks down and grunts. She buries her head in the quilt, and feels too embarrassed to look up.
	“What’s wrong with her?”
	Hearing the familiar sound, Jenny feels nervous so that she does not look up.
	But Mrs. Lu becomes much happier, “Jenny, I am so sorry. Now that you’re back, I won’t bother you. Please come out to eat breakfast...”
	“Well, Mrs. Lu...” As soon as Jenny thinks of being alone with someone in the same room, she feels nervous. Jenny wants to ask Mrs. Lu to stay with her...
	However, Mrs. Lu is an impatient person. She goes to Luke’s side, turns back and looks at Jenny, "If there is something special, you can come down to dinner later, and I will ask the servant to warm the food for you."
	Jenny looks at Luke nervously. She does not know how to explain to Mrs. Lu.
	Before she gets out of the room, Mrs. Lu commands seriously, “Luke, Jenny is pregnant now, so please don’t have too much sex these days.”
	Then Mrs. Lu closes the door. Now the room inside is very quiet.
	“Well, it seems that your grandma misunderstands us.”
	Jenny tries to change other topic.
	However, Luke keeps staring at the black lace strap on her shoulder when he comes inside.
	Now Jenny seems to know something. She pulls the shawl over her shoulder and wraps herself in a sealed. Thinking of what Mrs. Lu tells her, Jenny suddenly prevaricates, “Let’s forget what happened last night. And I will not agree with you to get married. I do not care about what you have done to me. But you have to promise me that let me go home back.”
	Luke looks at her seriously, joking, “What? Do I grab you? Show me some evidence.”
	It is hard to tell who grabs whom last night.
	Jenny’ face turns red. She becomes angry, “Don't deny it. Your grandma has told me.”
	“What does my grandma tell you?”
	“Your grandma tells me that you help me change my clothes, and that you...” She hesitates for a long time but says nothing in the end.
	Luke walks towards the bed, “What else?”
	What else?
	Jenny feels surprised. And her face turns much redder.
	What will happen if a man helps change a woman’s clothes? Luke must know that. But now he seems to pretend knowing nothing.
	Jenny stares at him, shouting, “You are a hooligan!”
	Though she is a little girl, she looks fierce when she is angry.
	Luke smiles and looks at her fine features. Jenny seems to be a little scared. Through her eyes, it can be seen that she is not only angry but also upset.
	She looks endearing.
	Then Luke answers, “I went back to the company to deal with something important last night. And I asked Cherry to help you change your clothes.”
	To be honest, if someone did not call him last night, he would not make sure whether they would have sex or not. Because, Jenny was so drunk that she became very kind and cute, like a pet.
	Hearing this, Jenny looks relaxed. She slowly raises her head to look at Luke. Jenny tries to calm down, incredible blinking, "Really?"
	“Do you feel disappointed?”
	Luke bends down maliciously and leans forward.
	She feels that she is surrounded by the aldosterone from Luke. Now her neck also turns red.
	“No, what do you want to do?”
	“But you have to explain to me about what happened last night.”
	Jenny can’t understand what he means
	“What?
	“I do not care about what you have done to me after you drunk. But you should give me a reason because you force me to the Civil Affairs Bureau to register.”
	“What?” Jenny stares at Luke and cannot speak clearly, “We have registered for marriage?”
	“Mr. Lu, please don’t make jokes.”
	“It’s impossible.” She tries to regain some sense, “it was at least ten o 'clock when we finished drinking last night. The Civil Affairs Bureau had already finished work.”
	No one makes joke about such a thing after drinking. Is he complaining something?
	He pulls two red marriage licenses at the size of his palm from his chest, and turns them with his thumb. They look same.
	“In duplicate, our photos and signature, steel stamp, operator’s signatures are all here, and it goes into effect at 22:30 last night."
	Looking at the red marriage license, Jenny feels dizzy.
	“My dear, are you fine?”
	It can be seen a little smile in Luke’s eyes.
	
Chapter 45 Being forced to get married
	Jenny feels scared when hearing that words.
	She turns to the first page and looks at the picture. She is leaning on Luke’s shoulder, smiling happily.
	No one will believe that she is forced to do that, because she looks very happy.
	But it seems that she forces Luke to do that.
	Jenny feels dizzy suddenly.
	Does she get married?
	I have refused him last night.
	Is he kidding Jenny?
	Looking at her sadness, Luke feels happy. But he just sit there quietly.
	“Besides, you even held my arms last night and said that we are like-minded people and we have to get together in the future...”
	“It’s impossible...”
	“I have never lied...”
	Luke reaches into his pocket and takes out his phone. He plays a video of last night.
	The woman in the video dishevels her hair and is mischievous to get hug. Jenny cannot believe the woman is her.
	Jenny is still dizzy.
	Oh.
	She says, “You are stronger than me, and you can refuse me.”
	“For me, there is no reason to refuse.”
	“But you should not agree to go to the Civil Affairs Bureau.”
	Although she was drunk at that time, there is no doubt that Luke also wants to do that. She does not know what she should do now.
	It seems that she was drunk and forced to get married.
	“Do you mean that it’s my fault?”
	Luke asks seriously.
	“No...” She replies, “It’s my fault. I'll answer for it.”
	“Will you answer for it?” Luke continues to ask.
	Luke frowns, “Well, how?”
	Jenny keeps silent for a while. She holds the quilt and stammers, “I'm a new star, so I can't divorce you publicly. Some time, let's go there while there are fewer people, shall we?"
	“Divorce is the way that you answer for me?
	Luke becomes serious and feels disappointed.
	Is she really unwilling to marry him?
	Such words makes Jenny feel worried. She looks up at Luke and asks carefully, “What do you want me to do?”
	“Now that we have married, then do what we should do like a couple.” Luke thinks that if he continues to be polite to Jenny, then they will divorce. So he pretends to be indifferent.
	That do what they should do is a a way to solve the problem?
	Jenny looks at Luke cautiously.
	His expression is so frightening that she has to stop asking any questions.
	Luke feels sorry when he looks at her wronged expression. His hand involuntarily pulls the shawl over her shoulder, trying to soften his tone. “Please get up, have a wash and go to eat breakfast."
	She feels uncomfortable when Luke touches her sensitive neck with his fingers.
	Shrunken, she nods.
	Luke turns to leave the room and Jenny stares at his tall figure.
	This marriage comes too suddenly, and it is found by herself. Now her mind gets a mess, and she does not know what she should do.
	She changes her clothes and goes downstairs to have a meal, but fails to meet Luke.
	Then Mrs. Lu seems to understand what Jenny is looking for.
	“Luke goes to the company to deal with something. He comes back hurriedly to meet you in the morning. Now, he changes his clothes and goes back to company. He asks the driver to send you to the company if you have something to deal with.”
	Jenny nods, and replies, “I do not need to deal with anything.”
	She has just rejected the endorsement of Ishmo. And the show at 8:30 on Friday has not started. Shawn is so angry that she will ignore her a few days. And she will not give her any announcement these few days.
	“It will be better if you don’t need to deal with anything. And you can stay home to accompany me and nourish the fetus.”
	Then Mrs. Lu cannot help staring at Jenny’s stomach, “It is almost three months. It will soon be revealed in pregnant."
	Hearing her words, Jenny’s fingers trembles. The soup dumplings she has just caught falls into the bowl so that the soup splashes on the back of her hand. Then she feels hurt and shouts.
	“Oh, do you burn yourself?” Mrs. Lu feels worried. Then she turns to ask the servant, “Go to get the ointment as soon as possible.”
	“Mrs. Lu, I am fine...I just feel the burn that hurts. It’s not a big deal.”
	“Are you really fine? The burn turns red. Does it scare the fetus?” Then Mrs. Lu becomes angry, “Who is going to prepare the breakfast today? How can you give a pregnant woman such a hot soup dumplings?”
	Looking at Mrs. Lu’s nervousness, Jenny feels more and more guilty.
	“Mrs. Lu, in fact, I...”
	“Please stop talking, then I get you the ointment.”
	“Well, it does not matter. It will feel better with cold water washing. I have experienced much worse than it, so it does not matter.”
	Mrs. Lu sighs, “Your character is the same as mine. You will not complain anything no matter what happens. But nowadays, young ladies are always coddled, so you are really different. However, I will protect you in the future. If someone bully you, please let me know.”
	Jenny wants to tell Mrs. Lu the truth, but she is interrupted by Mrs. Lu. After that, she can't bear to tell the truth to hurt her.
	Staying here for a long time, she also understands why Mrs. Lu wants a grandchild. She is too lonely. In such a big garden, there are only three people the servant, the driver and the gardener talking with her. Besides, she will talk with different kinds of animals.
	When Mrs. Lu goes to get the ointment, Jenny's mobile phone on the table suddenly rings. Looking at the phone, she frowns and presses the hang-up button.
	The phone from Frankie keeps ringing, and Jenny hangs up for three times. Then she gets a massage.
	“Jenny, please answer the phone. I have something important to tell you. I get some important proof about your father. And you must come out to talk with me.”
	Jenny feels surprised. She calls Frankie and asks,
	“What do you mean?”
	“You have to stay away from Luke. The Luke has something to do with your father.”
Chapter 46 It is a coincidence
	When Mrs. Lu returns with the ointment, Jenny is no longer in the living room.
	"Miss Jenny said there was something urgent so she needed to go out. She let you enjoy the meal."
	Although the servant explains, Mrs. Lu still feels a little worried in her heart, "How do you do things? Don't you see Jenny hurt? How can you let her get out?"
	"It was Miss Jenny who insisted on leaving here. She didn't have time to wait for Driver Chen and took the taxi at the door."
	"No. She might not go far now. Get the car ready now. I'll follow her to have a look."
	The maid hurriedly stops, "Mrs. Lu, the doctor will come to have an examination for you in the afternoon. You can't leave now."
	"I'm fine and very healthy,"
	"No, no. The last time when you were dizzy, we were all frightened. We can't afford this responsibility." The maid suggests. "What about calling the master and let him to have a look."
	This suggestion is good. Mrs. Lu glances at the maid quite appreciatively. It is time to have the pregnancy check-up. "Go on. Let Driver Chen follow her firstly. Then call the master. You just tell him that this afternoon Jenny is quite uncomfortable and she is going out now. If he has time, he can take Jenny to the hospital to have a pregnancy check-up by the way. "
	...
	In the Left Bank Coffee near Jade Picture, Frankie sits in a secluded corner and wears a casual suit. He raises his wrist to look at the watch. He is also reading the accounting documents in his hand, frowning with seriousness.
	Jenny arrives soon. Her clothes have not changed. She still wears leisure clothes and face masks while she doesn’t have make-up. So she is not easy to be recognized. When she comes from the door, the lady at the door looks at her frequently.
	"I’m here." Frankie stands up and waves his hand.
	Jenny stops to find him and hurried over.
	"There is seldom somebody comes to this cafe. The location is far away and a blind spot. You don't have to be too nervous. You can sit down and have a nice talk."
	Frankie looks still the same, explaining the surroundings to her first to make Jenny feel at ease.
	But just these words make her more uncomfortable when she hears that.
	Jenny frowns, still not taking off the mask just in case.
	"I order the juice for you. Do you want the same food? Juice and Black Forest cake?" Frankie's tone expresses that they seem familiar as if nothing has happened between them.
	"No need." Jenny sneers. "I'll leave after you finish your words. Don't take the trouble."
	"What do you mean by what you said on the phone?"
	Things that happen three years ago have almost come to a close. At this time, there should always be a reason for mentioning it again. .
	After all, it is the painful thing in her heart, which cannot be easily mentioned.
	"It's a long story. Don't be anxious."
	The waiter comes to serve the dishes. Jenny lowers her head, using the brim to blocks her face. Frankie lowers his volume a little bit.
	"I just knew the exact news yesterday. Last week, the company assigned me and a few salesmen to have a meal with investors. Among the investors, there was a manager of Light Winery. I drank with him and talked about the domestic liquor making skills. We mentioned Jin's Wine of those years."
	Frankie moves the Black Forest cake to Jenny. While talking, he wipes the dessert fork again with a tissue and passes it over.
	Jenny turns her head and takes a small silver spoon from the wooden box, avoiding his sights.
	Frankie freezes for a moment and withdraws his hand embarrassingly. He put down the fork. However his eyes still shows the feeling of guilt.
	He is sorry for Jenny. There is nothing to explain. Her attitude is a matter of course.
	"He said that Jin's Wine was in a position that the stronger you were, the more haters you had. If there wasn’t someone coveting wine-making skills, it wouldn't end up as a scapegoat."
	Jenny freezes, "Scapegoat?"
	"Yes, he talked about scapegoat so I felt something was wrong,"
	Three years ago, before that incident happened, her family was a famous century-old wine shop in Xicheng. But they remained low-key. From the big boss to the small employees, they all had a peaceful life. Or you could say they had no desire to make progress. For the product, they focused on wine-making skills and had almost no attention to outer packaging and advertising.
	Distributors of Jin's Wine were all old customers. Because Jenny's father, Karen, was obsessed in wine and was very strict in the requirements of brewing raw materials. The cost became very high at that time. Jin's Wine had to adjust the selling price to balance the interests. This behavior caused resentment among distributors.
	Later, Karen was jointly reported by several inferior distributors with all the complete evidences. Whether it was an unreasonable contract or the unclear accounts that appeared inexplicably in their private accounts, it all turned that lawsuit into an irrevocable accusation.
	The accusation was for the Jin’s Wine.
	When the police placed the cold handcuffs on her father's hands, Jenny had just signed a contract with the new company and got her first own movie as a heroine. She joyfully took the contract and went home to announce good news. However, she saw a mess in the house.
	Her mother, Niver, threw all the things before the police and gave her father a slap, accusing him of doing such unethical things.
	There was fabulous corruption and bribery. He also accumulated wealth through illegal means. The new product had quality problems. At the grand wedding of the daughter of the famous diplomat, Jakson Dong, a foreign guest died after drinking. This matter became significant. Allen Yan, who was the branch manager in charge of sales at the capital, was got involved in immediately. He was also Jenny's uncle, her mother's only brother.
	So Jenny's mother's family directly called the phone and broke off the relationship with her daughter, insisting that it was the son-in-law who harmed their good and steady-going son.
	Later, it was found that Allen and Karen jointly took bribes. But Karen had the main responsibility while Allen was only sentenced for five years as an accomplice. Jenny's father was the prime culprit so he was sentenced to life in prison.
	From the beginning to the end, from the police to public opinion, from Jenny’s biological mother, everyone believed the evidence. All pointed to Karen that he took bribes and reduced product quality inspections. Finally, he risked big things for the sake of small ones. Then people died because of that. All the evidence was related seriously and there was nothing worthy of doubts.
	Karen confessed it all.
	When it was litigated on the court, Jenny was disappointed at the man on the dock for the first time. He didn't even have words to defend himself. All he could do was looking at his daughter, who wore mask and sunglasses under the stage, with full meaningless guilt.
	The man who used to support her world was her most admired father.
	Such a person had become an indirect killer of the foreign guest who died by alcoholism. She couldn’t accept it for a long time.
	But the evidence was certain and even her mother believed it. Why did she not believe it?
	"The batch of wines that caused troubles at that time coincidentally was all transported to the wedding." Frankie's tone has something meaningful.
	"How would it have such a coincidence? The wines of inferior quality were all sent from the winery of Xicheng. But all the ten cases of wine appeared in that wedding. Even if there was a little mistake at that wedding, it would cause a sensation in the city. "
Chapter 47 Injustices
	Frankie's words makes Jenny doubt that case for the first time.
	"What the hell do you want to say? Is it just your guess?"
	If there is no evidence, she doesn’t dare and want to believe that the case was an injustice only by his guess.
	Because of that case, her family pays the price of two human lives. And her grandmother's family has never been in contact with her forever.
	"Of course it is not my guess." Frankie takes the glass on the table and has a sip of water. He seems to hesitate about how to begin his words. After a while, he murmurs, "The manager of Light Winery in that year was a distributor Jin's Wine. So he was one of the few people who did not participate in the collective signature to appeal Karen’s corruption. He said that the batch of wine was not sent from Xicheng at all while it was sent from an unknown winery in capital. "
	Jenny's pupils shrink suddenly, "What are you talking about?"
	"But the batch of wine was labeled with the so-called labeling code of Jin's Wine. And it was unclear even if the investigation was made. The distributors of that year had fallen out with Karen. They all added insult to injury and no one cared about the truth."
	"What's the motivation?" Jenny sorts out her thoughts and hesitates. "There should be a motivation. Why will the wirepuller frame my dad?"
	"The secret recipe of the Jin’s Wine."
	When Frankie talks about this, Jenny's face is stretched.
	Is it for the secret recipe of Jin's Wine ?
	"I have never heard that there is any secret recipe from my dad."
	"A family industry cannot be inherited for so long without secret recipes. For the secret recipe of wine-making, it has been spreading outside for a long time. Karen may just hasn’t had time to tell you. Or he might have hinted you, but you didn't pay attention. "
	Jenny remains silent for a few seconds, and still feels that the secret recipe is too ridiculous. "It's impossible. If they really wanted the secret recipes, why should they ruin my family? No one knows the secret recipes now. The motivation cannot be matched with what you say. "
	"However, after removing such a strong competitor as Jin's Wine, what percentage of the market share has been left? Have you ever counted who has gained the most benefit from the collapse of Jin's Wine? "
	Frankie patiently analyzes the data obtained by his man who surveys in a week. He hands the information in his hands over to the woman who is still in shock.
	"Middle Up Group?"
	Jenny’s eyes are focused on the analysis table of the market share ratio and the pie chart accounted for the largest part. In the comparison between three years ago and three years later, Middle Up Group covers the market share which is left by the withdrawal of the Jin’s Wine with a rapid offensive.
	Not only about that, the distributors who jointly brought down her father, now 80% of them are working for Middle Up Group. Almost all the drinks on the market are now sub-brands of Middle Up Group. It is almost in a state of monopoly. No company can fight against it now.
	"Three years ago, Middle Up Group was originally the biggest competitor of Jin's Wine. Whether from the packaging and promotion or strength, Middle Up Group had the momentum to surpass Jin's Wine in that year. But in terms of wine taste, its market feedback didn’t reach as good as the Jin's Wine. So it had encountered a bottleneck in seizing the market. "
	Jenny listens to Frankie's analysis and falls into a long silence.
	It is not because of how detailed Frankie's analysis is. She suddenly remembers that when she went home after filming, she saw a scene that the general manager of Middle Up Group was arguing with her father.
	She can vaguely remember that they are talking about the two companies’ cooperation.
	The talk was not pleasant and soon after that, the Jins had the troubles.
	"But what does this relate with the Luke?" Jenny suddenly thinks of this question.
	Frankie's expression is frozen and a little hesitation appears on his eyebrows.
	"The distributors collectively signed the lawsuit against Karen for corruption and bribery. It is said that he relied on the help of William Gu. William is the head of the South District Wine Quality Supervision Association and the husband of Luke's cousin Yuky." At the time when he says these, Frankie pauses and looks at Jenny's look.
	Jenny frowns. He doesn’t know what she is thinking.
	He hesitates for a while and continues, "After Karen was put into prison, we had thought of many means at that time. The lawyer also said that as long as this matter was not communicated to the government, the matter could still be controlled. But at the corporate rectification meeting which was held in the capital area that year, Yuky mentioned this matter. So it was out of control. "
	"So, you need to stay away from the Luke."
	As he says this, Frankie lowers his voice.
	He has a lot of guilt and distress for Jenny. Even if the breakup is so unpleasant, he still hopes that Jenny can let go of her resentment against him. Believe him once and don’t be capricious. Don’t go to somewhere he can’t control. If something happens one day, he can do nothing.
	Jenny remains silent while her brows never opened. For a while, she speaks calmly.
	"Thank you for saying so much and thank you for your concern about my family. I will find a way to find out about the Jins in the future. So you don’t have to intervene any more. After all, this has nothing to do with you."
	"What do you say?" Frankie frowns. "Uncle Karen originally entrusted you to me. How can I leave you alone?"
	"Entrust?" Jenny raises her indifferent eyes and sneers. "Frankie, you overestimate yourself too much. My dad shouldn’t have thought that you will do such a disgusting thing. If he knows, not to mention about entrusting, you may have to lie in the hospital for the rest of your life. "
	She isn't saying this arrogantly. Only she knows how her father will shield a shortcoming for his family. If he knows after he died, can Frankie still sit here and talk to her?
	Frankie is feeling cold by Jenny's scrutinizing eyes.
	Yes, she is right. What qualifications does he have to say such words?
	"Jenny, it is my fault. I don’t ask you to forgive me. But you really have to think carefully about staying away from Luke. If the matter in the past really relates to the Luke, how will you get along well with him in the future?"
	A man like Luke who has a lot of power and money, has the ability to make a woman obsess in him. Jenny looks strong and independent. In fact, she is a very small woman. If she is accustomed to rely on him, finally she will be harmed.
	There are already a lot of slanderous gossips in the company. Although he does not believe that Jenny took the initiative to hook up with Luke. There must be a reason for the fake news. The relationship between them is unclear. If she doesn’t cut the Gordian knot, it won't be able to explain in the future.
	He has thought so much but forgets that he is a man who had hurt Jenny severely a long time ago. She can believe him, but she may not do what he said.
	"This is my own business and it has nothing to do with you."
	
Chapter 48 He is totally jealousy.
	Jenny packs up the things she just gets, and thanks him. Then she takes the bag and get ready to leave.
	"There is no need to apologize. If you really feel guilty for me, please send the contact information of the manager of Light Winery to my mailbox. I will ask in person. Then we're quits."
	"Jenny." Frankie stands up and grabs Jenny's wrist. "Calm down. I know you must feel uncomfortable when you just learn about this. But it cannot be figured out in few days. And if you come to see someone in such a risky way, what do you think you can get? "
	Jenny's cold eyes glance over the hand that grabs her. Frankie freezes for a moment and slowly let it go. He takes his hand back.
	"I'll research it for you. Can you give me a chance to make up for you?"
	He has never kept such a low profile. Even until now, he has no way to determine whether he really does not love Jenny. No matter he loves or not, he originally thinks that he will feel free after breaking up with her. But after really breaking up, he is full of guilt when he is dreaming at midnight.
	He can't sleep all night, thinking of the promise he had given to Jenny.
	That's the woman who he promises to take care of her life. Why does he make things like this now?
	"I know you don't want my help. But this is not a help. It's my atonement. Is it possible?"
	Jenny is not a ruthless person. Actually she has soft heart.
	"If you hold Jessica's hand to see me and tell me straightly that you fall in love with others, I won't think I is blind. I can't guarantee that I will let you go. At least, I won’t think you are a hypocrite. Moreover I was fooled by you in that few days. "
	The resentment in her tone is more distressing than accusing.
	No one knows how she lives during the time when she just learns that she is being cheated. Negative news is around her, and she has no friend. The company wants to cancel the contract with her. She is about to face a large amount of liquidated damages. The childhood sweetheart, the man who she thinks that is her life-mate, is flirting to other women.
	How great humiliation is it?
	"Sorry, Jenny."
	It is really disgusting after hearing the words like that.
	Jenny put the documents that hasn't been received in the bag on the table, "Please help me for my dad's business. As for the business that you're sorry for me, I will help you burn more paper money and tell him not to bother at night. "
	Frankie is stunned. When he looks up, Jenny has passed by without looking back, striding toward the door with a handsome and determined back.
	He opens his mouth to say something, but in the end only a long sigh remains.
	The Black Forest cake on the table hasn’t been eaten. The juice hasn’t been enjoyed. And the documents are left. Jenny gives him the opportunity to atone. It seems to be a step closer to being forgiven by her, but the feeling of losing something is more obvious. .
	Outside the Left Bank Cafe, the man sees through the huge glass window. He stares at the secluded corner for a long time, and a pair of cold eyes shows anger unpleasantly.
	Jenny has just left the cafe and considers something. She walks with her head bowed and without looking at the front. Suddenly a car parks in front of her. She subconsciously wants to go around, not expecting that a familiar voice falls in her ears.
	"If you don't look at the road and rampage, you won't be allowed to go out alone."
	She freezes for a moment, thinking that she has auditory hallucinations. So she suddenly raises her head. The indifferent and delicate face appears after the window is slowly rolling down. And the blade-like eyebrows twists slightly. He seems a little unpleasant.
	"Mr. Luke ... why are you here?"
	Jenny hesitates for a moment and looks up at the Emerald Pictures Building which is not far away. "Isn’t it so coincident that you just come out of the company?"
	"Mrs. Luke, can you get in the car? There are many people here." Chen opens the door on the other side very flatteringly, asking her to get in.
	The nice smell of citrus freshener is exuded in the business car. The temperature is just nice. Jenny takes off her coat and looks at the man aside with the corner of her eyes secretly.
	"If there is nothing wrong, I can go back by myself. Mr. Lu does not have to worry about me."
	"Where are you going to?"
	Luke asks.
	Jenny freezes, hesitating for a long time. Then she says in a low voice, "My own apartment."
	These words makes Luke frown more heavily, "I'm afraid I'm not accustomed to your apartment."
	"I……"
	It seems to be impossible to answer.
	Seeing the little woman who is struggling aside, Luke thinks of the look that she just chats quietly and nicely with her ex-boyfriend in the cafe. That kind of look doesn't seem to happen before him for few times. But it is normal when she stays with that man.
	Thinking of this, he suddenly feels sullen.
	"If I say that I make a special trip to see how my wife secretly meet with her ex-boyfriend, will you give me a reasonable explanation?"
	These words make Jenny stunned.
	"It is not as same as what you think. I just have something to talk to him ..."
	"You take the initiative to confess to me. Are you afraid that I will misunderstand?"
	"No..."
	"Then why?" The man suddenly turns over and approaches closer, pressing on the armrest beside her with his hand. He holds her entire body in a space where she can’t breathe easily. She will feel anxious even with a slight movement.
	"Are you still missing that man?"
	"No." Jenny doesn't talk with him so closer. Adding the thing that happens just now, she also has a great question about the Luke at this time. So this situation only makes her feel quite uncomfortable. Her eyes can't help but show a little disgust.
	It is this disgust that angers Luke.
	His temper is not good, and he is patient enough to treat Jenny during this time. But does this patience just get a disgusted look?
	She does overestimate herself.
	"Go on. Go to the apartment." He says these words coldly. He turns over and sits down. He doesn't look at Jenny again, and the car proceeds on the way.
	When they arrive at the apartment, Jenny hasn't reacted and is dragged out of the car with no mercy. Even the zipper of the down jacket doesn't have time to pull up. The cold wind gets into her neck. It is so cold that she is trembling.
	"What are you doing? Let me go ..."
	Luke doesn't hear her words. Instead he drags her into the house.
	The moment the door is closed with a boom. He throws her on the sofa near the door. Her back hits the angular shoe cabinet. As if she can hear the tearing sound and she bursts into tears by that pain.
	She can’t explain and talk to him. He lifts his legs and aggressively presses her on the little sofa on that side. He pulls her coat down directly with both hands and leans over to kiss her fiercely. Then he is going to have sex with her.
	"Woo ... Woo ..."
	Jenny slaps his back fiercely, but can't stop the big hand that has entered her sweater.
	The hand moves into the sweater and sweep across her back. It moves a little, and at the same time her chest is loosened. She widens her eyes suddenly and looks at the man with red eyes in fear.
	
Chapter 49 He is going to force her
	Maybe the feeling that her chest is suddenly loosened hasn't let Jenny to react what will happen to her. But the cool breeze that suddenly appears from her lower abdomen makes her fully aware of how dangerous she is at this moment. .
	Luke is like an angry beast at this second. He let his hand into the wide brown sweater and unbuttons his underwear directly. The woman's smooth abdomen is exposed to the cold air, causing her shiver for a while.
	His big hand goes along the slender waist all the way to the inner of the sweater. And he ravages her soft breast.
	The woman underneath wants to cry, but her lips are controlled by the man. He opens her teeth, affecting her nerves fiercely until her thoughts are confused and she is unconscious.
	He kneads her chest with no mercy, which makes her breathless. And the pain in her back makes her almost faint. The man doesn't want to stop.
	He kisses her sweet lips, as if he has tasted the sweetest sugar in the world. He is unable to restrain and stop. The soft and smooth touch on his palm makes his lower abdomen directly react. Gradually it is becoming harder and harder.
	So he lowers his head slightly. When he sees it, he takes off the gray leggings of the woman under him.
	Jenny feels a cool breeze from her legs. Accompanied by a cry, the force on her body is reduced. The man is staring down at her. Then he raises his knee quickly and separates her slender and tempting thighs. He begins to untie his belt with his hand.
	"No..."
	The woman's voice is hoarse and it is no longer the sweet and pleasant voice as usual. Her messy hair is scattered on the sofa. Her sweater is raised up by the man from the waist to the chest. The lower and half breast are unobvious revealed in her fierce breath. And her white belly is shivering generally and completely exposes in the air.
	And the pink pantie is appreciated by the man's direct sights.
	At the moment, fear and anxiety come out together.
	With a click, the clear sound of unfastening the belt buckle becomes a heavy echo in the entrance. The hard and hot penis which touches her legs brings the almost desperate fear in the eyes of the woman.
	Through two layers of thin underwear, that kind of burning ignites every nerve of the woman.
	"No, no. You let me go. Please, let me go!"
	Her cry spreads through the room.
	But no one will help her.
	Luke's hand is pressed against the pink silk panties, and the margin of the panties is embroidered with a yellow duck, which has a size like the thumb. Now the duck's neck is pressed by his thumb. It seems like its owner who is held and can’t move.
	"Are you so reluctant?" Luke's hand stops at the edge of her underwear. And the other hand keeps pressing against the woman's struggling hands.
	The woman has lost her energy and only has the murmured voice. Her voice is so hoarse but she still repeats her words like the machine. She keeps saying like Please, No and so on.
	Luke frowns, and suddenly finds it boring.
	He leaves the sofa and fastens his belt again. He picks up the coat that scatters on the ground and takes out a cigarette to lit it.
	In the smoke, Jenny quickly gets up. And her large down jacket can wrap her whole body tightly. No one can see what kind of torture she has.
	She shrinks in the corner of the sofa, looking at the man's back in horror.
	There seems has a bit of disappointment.
	"It doesn't matter if you don't want to have sex. But we can discuss about divorce later."
	Jenny is startled, and she doesn't understand why they can discuss it later after she agrees to divorce.
	The smell of smoke interrupts her thoughts that are sorted out difficultly and she coughs violently.
	Luke is stunned for a moment. Then he raises his arms to snuff out the cigarette butts in an ashtray. He stands up and presses the switch on the wall. The air purifier on the side is working with a blue flashing light on.
	"Grandma is not in good health. The doctor says that she needs operation later. After the operation, I will confess to grandma about your fake pregnancy. At that time, you can decide whether you stay or leave.”
	"Does Grandma need operation?"
	"Yes."
	She has gastrointestinal diseases. Because she is old, they always nurse her body and wait for the most suitable time. People in the Luke are always strong and never shows weakness in front of others. So Jenny has never known about her disease.
	"You can take a bath. I will take you back to dinner in the evening. It is grandma who calls me in the afternoon. She worries about you and let me have a look. She let me take you to have a pregnancy test by the way. Don't have a slip of the tongue after we return.”
	Luke turns his back to Jenny and walks towards the bathroom.
	For this case, he can’t be able to eliminate such a great deal of anger without taking a cold bath.
	Jenny barely went down the sofa until the water sounds appear in the bathroom. Tolerating the pain in her back, she enters the bathroom in the room.
	She can see her bright skin in the mirror. The red marks on her body are just the signs of the ravages. There is a large bruise on the back that has been swollen. Thinking about the danger just now, she still feels terrified.
	She is so confused now. She not only thinks about what Frankie talks about the Jins ’grievances in the afternoon, but also thinks about grandma’s condition. During this time, grandma is really kind to her. She really has strong sense of belonging to that house because of long-lost family affection. Especially when she is scalded before going out at noon, what grandma says moves her even more.
	The water pours from the top of her head. She empties her mind, trying to sort out her thoughts.
	She remembers what Luke said. Grandma is not in good health. She really cannot leave Flower House now.
	She has to investigate her father's case. But she has no friends and relatives except Frankie. She doesn't know who can help her.
	Frankie is not very reliable. She faintly realizes that this man is no longer the former Frankie. There is a sinister Jessica beside him who wishes her to disappear. This case can't rely on him totally.
	There is an idea flashing in her mind and makes her close her eyes tightly.
	After thinking about it, is this the only way?
	After the shower, she wears a large bathrobe and her wet hair is put on her shoulders.
	The heating is turned on in the room, and the coldness that appears when they first came in has disappeared. All that remains are the silence in the room and the embarrassment of not knowing how to solve it.
	There is a sound in the master bedroom. And the shadow of Luke who is changing clothes comes out from the unlocked door.
	Jenny hesitates but opens the door.
	Luke is a little surprised. Just after that matter, does she dare to come over her voluntarily? Doesn't she know really know the danger?
	He frowns.
	"Lilian will send clothes to here. You just stay here. I will leave first. Chen will pick you up before dinner."
	"No, you don't have to leave first."
	Jenny holds her fingers, as if she has made a lot of determination, "I am married to you. It is a true marriage."
	There is a moment of silence in the huge bedroom as long as a century.
	Luke's eyes glances at the figure of the woman. Under the white bathrobe, the delicate collarbone is looming. The wet hair looks charming uniquely, and it is casually placed on the shoulder. If she doesn’t seduce him with her appearance, no one will believe it.
	
Chapter 50 Marriage can also be a deal
	Luke's Adam's apple moves clearly. His shirt buttons have not fastened yet. And the heaving of his chest shows a solid outline.
	"Do you know what you are talking about?"
	Jenny is stunned while holding the door frame. She hesitates for a moment, standing there without moving.
	“I know."
	"Come over."
	The indifferent voice seems to be a little dry, as if it can be burned soon.
	Jenny is anxious so she freezes for a few seconds. Then she determines to walk over with heavy steps.
	It is so close that they can almost hear a strong heartbeat from the other person's solid chest.
	A large hand slowly appears in front of her eyes, and she can't escape. Her small chin is lifted and she is forced to look up at the dark pupils.
	"Say it again."
	The feeling of being overlooked in this way is not very good, as if there is a knife hanging over her head. It is a feeling that she is at his service.
	She finally finds her awkward voice and says daringly, "I marry you but I want you to do me a favor."
	Hearing this, Luke frowns slightly.
	Does she negotiate with him about the conditions?
	This woman is really ... courageous.
	Seeing that he hasn’t spoken for a long time, Jenny becomes more and more anxious. Is he angry? Or does she overestimate herself? Or is he laughing at her? No matter what he thinks, she is anxious with a strong heartbeat.
	"I can help you."
	The short and powerful words make her widen her eyes, "Don't you ask what it is?"
	As soon as the words finishes, his big hands hugs her around her waist. In a cry, she falls on the soft quilt. The quilt has slightly cool touch sense. It brings coolness on her calf.
	Luke holds the back of her head and his other hand holds her shoulder. His whole body leans on her and he can sniff the fragrance of the clean shower gel in the air.
	"There is nothing I can't do."
	He leans over and bites her earlobe. His breath sweeps across her neck to evoke their excitement.
	He turns his head to kiss her lips. The movement is gentle and thoughtful. It is taking care of her feelings. And even the hand that rests on her shoulder does not touch more. He just gently strokes her arm, as if he is appeasing the injured kitten.
	At first she struggles a bit, but she doesn't hold on for a few seconds. She falls into rounds of gentle offensive and obsesses in it gradually. Her hands involuntarily hook the man's neck. She raises her beautiful swan neck and accepts the man’s love.
	They have kissed twice, but they are like long-time lovers. She has no skills and is completely passive. But he can catch every sensitive point of her. He kisses her chin, the tip of her nose, her clavicle, her neck. Every kiss makes her hard to hold herself.
	There is confusion in Jenny's mind. She even abuses herself on why her body is out of her control in this situation, as if her body has become his.
	The little woman under him stiffens as his hand moves into the bathrobe skirt.
	This is a conditioned reflex. She presses the man's hand violently, revealing her fear. And the tenderness and obedience that have just shown disappears soon.
	Luke patiently reminds her one by one, "You said that the marriage is true."
	The woman under him grits her teeth. Her fingers which are pressing him seem to tighten a little bit and her face is red. She is afraid and asks pleadingly, "Is there ... is there a condemn?"
	At this time, everyone knows what you are talking about without thinking.
	Is she going to use contraception?
	Luke's face suddenly turned angry. "Is this what you said to get married?"
	"I ... I ..." Jenny's face stiffens and she explains in a low voice, "I'm an entertainer. Now I'm not suitable to ..."
	She is not suitable to have baby.
	Luke lowers his head and his expression is buried in the shadows. She can’t see and understand it.
	After a while, Jenny feels a little free. When she reacts, Luke has turned over and sits beside the bed, buttoning his shirt. After looking at the phone, his voice is cold and alienated. "Give you ten minutes. Put on makeup and go downstairs. "
	The door is closed loudly, which shakes an already uneasy heart.
	It doesn’t take long before there is another sound of opening and closing the door. High-heeled shoes steps on the floor coherently. And the voice of Luke’s female secretary Lilian, whose voice cannot have any emotion comes from the bedroom door, "Miss Jin, I put your clothes on the couch."
	Jenny sits up from the bed helplessly and responds.
	"Okay, thank you."
	There are other footsteps. After it disappears, she gets up and goes to the living room to get her clothes. Then she goes back to change quickly. And she goes downstairs.
	She probably knows how she angers Luke. But she doesn’t think she is wrong. Even a couple who really loves each other, they have to use condemns in their daily life. Moreover, she is an entertainer. Although she has no experience, she must do the most basic security measures. Once an accident occurs, her acting career that hasn't started may be terminated directly.
	Anyway, they have reached a consensus on marriage. In the future, whether Luke will help her or not, she has the opportunity to investigate the truth of that year as Mrs. Lu.
	...
	In the evening. In the restaurant of Flower House.
	Grandma urges them to get the marriage certificate. She doesn't know why Luke never mentions that they have already got the certificate.
	Jenny is a little surprised. Obviously he wants to coax his grandma to be happy, so he wants to marry her. But when he is really married, he is hiding here. She doesn’t know what tricks he has.
	Since Luke doesn't speak, she can't say too much. In order not to let grandma be unhappy, she has to persuade her with kind words, "Don’t worry, grandma. I'm all here. The marriage certificate is a form and is not so important."
	"Why doesn't it matter? My baby." Grandma pats the back of Jenny's hand. "You are so stupid. There are many women caring about Luke now. Every one of those women wants to join in the Luke. What about you? Obviously, you are the person who is most qualified to become Luke’s wife. But you don’t worry about it. "
	When Grandma says this, Jenny feels a cold look stuck on her body, which makes her involuntarily tremble.
	When she raises her head, Luke has just taken his gaze away from her. But the coolness remains for a long time.
	"The Luke's status is not easy to obtain. Just wait until she gives birth to the child."
	His cold voice makes the originally harmonious atmosphere a bit embarrassing.
	Jenny's expression freezes and she is speechless for a moment.
	No one can have a nice expression if he says likes that. Moreover, he knows that there is nothing in her abdomen. What is the point of his words?
	Grandma really can't stand at all so she glares at Luke. She scolds, "What are you talking about? Can you say it to your wife?"
	
Chapter 51 Caller ID
	"Grandma, as you said she was my lady, she should’ve accepted the way I speak."
	"You..."
	"I'm full. I have something to deal with now. Let Jenny Jin accompany you."
	Luke Lu looks frightening as he walks away.
	Grandma is trembling angrily, "You little bastard, how dare you…Don't mind it Jenny. "
	Jenny frowns and awkwardly smiles at grandmother.
	Luke is a bit strange today. He usually listens to and is obedient his grandmother. It's really strange that he actually walks away in a cold manner.
	"Don't be angry. President Lu may be in a bad mood."
	"This is not an excuse Eh? What did you just call him? "
	Seeing grandma's questioning eyes, Jenny hesitated, “President Lu...... "
	Grandma stares at her. "No wonder you two haven’t had any progress. Others can call him President Lu, but you can’t"
	"Then what should I call him?"
	"Call him like baby, sweetheart, honey, dear..."
	Grandma is counting her fingers and reciting all kinds of nicknames, and Jenny is becoming more and more rigid.
	Thinking of Luke’s resting bitchy face, how can she even call any of these names out loud?
	Grandma, don't make fun of her.
	"Grandma, it is not suitable? It's too disrespectful. "
	"Little girl, if husband and wife should respect each other, and it's almost done for them. Today you must promise me to choose one title and call him that later."
	"Not that good?" Jenny saw a bowl of fish soup on the table, and hurriedly brought it to grandma. "Grandma, drink the soup first."
	Remembering what Luke said before, that grandma is not as strong as she looks. The doctor told them to cook all kinds of tonic soup every day to maintain her nutrition before surgery.
	"If you don't promise me, I won't drink it." With a proud and delicate attitude, grandma turned away and didn't look at Jenny,
	It sounds like she must do as she says.
	Jenny had no choice but agree, "OK, I promise you. Drink the soup now and I will accompany you for a walk outside."
	"That's right,"
	Happily, she drinks the soup, and they both eat some fruit after, Jenny is taking her for a walk in the garden.
	On the 15th of each month, the moon is big and round. It's very beautiful.
	Behind the stairs on the second floor of the villa, there is a standing tall figure. His tightly frown finally stretch out when he sees the little woman on the dining table downstairs persuading grandma to drink the soup, but his eyes are deeper and deeper.
	No matter what her purpose is to marry him, as long as grandma likes her and she is also devoted. It's not bad to keep her like a vase. No one dares to covet his belongings in this city. This woman will belong to him both mentally and physically one day.
	In the garden, Jenny slowly is walking along the cobblestone path with grandmother who is patting on Jenny’s arm,
	"Jenny, I know Luke likes you a lot."
	"Grandma, the Camellia in the yard is blooming very well."
	Jenny is reluctant to mention Luke in front of grandmother. She has too much in her mind and she just wants to have a good rest today.
	"Don't distract me, let me tell you. You came back from drinking last night. After I scolded him, I saw him secretly kiss you when he sent you back to the room."
	Jenny is a bit nervous, as if she can see the picture described by grandma appeared in her mind.
	That Luke was hugging her horizontally to the bedroom bed, and then a gentle kiss fell on her sleeping face.
	Gentle?
	Suddenly she remembers the soft and long kiss on the bed of the apartment not long ago. If it wasn't dark, grandma's eyes would be weird again.
	"Grandma, don't say it," Jenny touches her own face and feels a little embarrassed.
	Grandma smiled with an understanding look,
	"Don’t judge by looking at Luke’s cold face without any expression. In fact, what ordinary people should think about and what they should react is always hiding inside his heart. He followed his father in the army since he was a child. He was asked not to show his anger or happiness. That's why he developed this bad habit."
	"He was in the army?" Jenny asked, somewhat surprised.
	I only heard that he was a military and political family, but I didn't know that he stayed in the army.
	"He was sent to army when he was a child, and his character follows his father. At the age of three, he was put on the training ground in cold winter to do cold training. His lips were purple and he didn't dare to cry. I went to see him secretly once, but I couldn't bear it. Later, I never saw him again. The health officer of the army called me every two days to tell me what Luke had overcome and what he had done, what did he accomplish with his brother in advance? He was even better than his elder brother. "
	Elder brother?
	Jenny looked at grandma in surprise.
	Grandma seems to be indulged in her memory, she looks a little melancholy, and her eyebrows is full of the yearning for an old man, her tone also goes down, "if Lake is still there, maybe he will not be like this now."
	"Lake… is ... "
	She did not know whether she should ask, looking at grandma's sad look and listening to her tone, it sounds like it was another sad past.
	"Luke, had a brother who was two years older than him, died of pneumonia when he was 15." Grandma's tone was full of sadness. "This has always been a scar in Luke’s heart. After Lake passed away, Luke left the army and then moved to this city to live with me."
	Originally, Luke was just like all other members in Lu family, he should have been trained in the army. Like his father and grandfather, who made great contributions and became a member of the military and political field.
	Grandma didn't say more It is winding outside, and she sighs, "enough, I'm old, I'm not happy to mention these past. Let’s go back, you can't stand in the wind. Luke will tell you all these later."
	Jenny nodded and helped grandma go back to sleep.
	Grandma usually has a lot to talk about. Today, she must be tired of thinking about the sad past, so she immediately falls asleep after taking the medicine. The servant turns the light down and walks out of the room with Jenny.
	After they walk out of the room, the servant tells her that master has something to talk about and ask her to go over. She is a little concerned at first, but thinking about they are in flower house, he won’t do anything to her so she goes.
	Luke’s room is not closed and the light inside is dim. The sound of water in the bathroom is loud. He surely is inside.
	A cell phone rings in the room, Luke’s cell phone keeps ringing on the bed, and the sound of water stops suddenly.
	"Who's out there."
	"It's me," Jenny replied quickly. "Your cell phone rings, do you want to take it first?"
	"You take it. I'll be out soon."
	There is no caller ID.
	"Brother Luke..." It is woman’s sweet voice on the phone.
	Jenny feels the gooseflesh on her arm and patiently replied, "Wait a minute, he's not here at the moment. "
Chapter 52 Requirements
	The voice on the other end of the phone suddenly sank, "why is brother Luke’s mobile phone in your hand? Who are you? Where is Luke now?"
	Anyone who heard of her blameful unreasoning will surely get furious.
	Jenny’s temper is not good. Anyway, she hears the sound of water running in the bathroom again, Luke would not know what she said. She immediately replied in angry tone, "he's taking a shower. If there's anything important, you can call back in five minutes, or I'll ask him to call you back."
	"You..."
	"Goodbye." Jenny scolds at the microphone in a low voice, then hangs up directly.
	Grandma is right. There are quite a lot of women trying to seduce Luke, but this one doesn't even have a caller ID. She must not that important in Luke’s heart.
	Shortly, Luke comes out of the bathroom. He simply puts a white bath towel around his waist and his whole upper body is completely naked. He wipes his hair with this light blue towel and lays it on his shoulder. Water drops on his chest along the sideburns, leaving a series of attractive traces on the solid wheat chest.
	Eight abdominal muscles in a neat size on the abdomen, which impulses people to touch it.
	Why do you own such a good figure?
	Jenny cries in her heart.
	"Have you seen enough?"
	Luke is standing by the bed, without any changes in his tone, but his eyes are full of imperceptible banter.
	Jenny hurriedly looks away, and said, "why don't you wear clothes?"
	"This is my bedroom..."
	Luke responds lazily as if he just hears a joke and sits by the bed casually.
	"You, didn't you call me her?" Jenny clenched her teeth, and she felt nervous again when her eyes swept through his chest.
	"Oh? Didn't anyone tell you that I was talking about the study room? "
	"Study room?" Jenny raises her head abruptly and makes eye contact with Luke. Her face is burning and she is hurriedly walking out. "No, absolutely not. Maybe Lily forgets. I'm going to the study room now..."
	"No need," said in a meaningful tone, "now that you are here, let's talk in here then."
	When turning around, Luke glances over the sofa opposite him and asks her to sit down.
	"Since you agree to get married, it's better to be clear about some things at first."
	When hearing about this, Jenny feels numb.
	But he's right. They should be clear.
	"I agree."
	"Here is the deal, I will raise three conditions. You can also have three, which is very fair."
	There is a shrewd flash of light in Luke’s eyes.
	"Ladies first." He raises one hand to make a gesture of invitation, and his eyes locks at the little woman's uncertain face.
	Jenny opens her mouth, but she cannot express the surprised "ah?" Word.
	After a while, three words came out of her mouth, “I speak first?"
	“yep”
	Luke seems very gentle and calm.
	Since he is so gentle, then she can start.
	"I'm an artist, and this career may not be recognized by your family, but I still hope that marriage will not affect my career, which is the first and most important point."
	She can't be a housewife. She has her own business to do.
	"As Mrs. Lu, you will only get much more in your career than before. You don't have to worry about that."
	She is a new actress who has never been involved in the world. With the escort of Lu family, her career will get smoothly. Therefore, the so-called bad deeds of this profession hardly exist to her, so there is no such a saying of disapproval of Lu family.
	Jenny nodded, "thank you. Second, I hope to hide our marriage in the company for the time being. I don't want too many people to know about our relationship."
	Luke raises his eyebrows and says, "we don't have to talk about marriage, but who can guarantee that no one will guess our relationship?"
	There are so many rumors in the company that they can't stop.
	He can't guarantee that.
	"That’s fine, let's not talk about marriage then. No one cares about whether it's true or not." Jenny said.
	"And third?" Luke asked.
	Jenny lowered her head, pondered for a while, and said carefully, "third, I need to meet your family."
	No doubt, Luke’s face is a little darker, and his tone is cold. "You've already met grandma. As for other people, you won't even get to see them a few times a year. There's no need for that."
	Jenny is silent.
	It's true to say so, but she has to find out what happened in those days through Lu family of military administration. The only chance to get close to those people is to meet them from Luke.
	"Since it's marriage and I haven't met your parents, it's not polite. If my parents are still alive, I'll take you to see them," she says firmly.
	Luke is not looking fine. It seems that he thought of something disgusting and there is a strong grumpiness between his eyebrows.
	Jenny thought of what grandma said in the evening. Grandma said that after Luke’s brother Lake died, he left the army by himself. Did he have any conflict with his father?
	In a word, she may have said something wrong. The temperature in the room suddenly drops down a few degrees, making people feel cold on the back.
	It takes a while for Luke to start talking, “Let’s talk about it sometimes later”
	He is still not looking fine, Jenny dare not to say more, only nodded and agreed to slow down, take her time.
	"That's all I have. You can say yours now." She looks at his face carefully.
	Luke takes a deep drink, puts down his glass, and his face seems to recover. The violence in his eyes gradually fades away. His long legs folded in another position, and he leans on the sofa, sitting comfortably,
	"First, sleep in the same room."
	As soon as the words come out, Jenny bounced up from the sofa and says, "no way."
	"True marriage is your own proposal. I have agreed to your request, and you must obey my conditions."
	"That's not..." Jenny hesitates for a while, but doesn’t say why.
	In fact, that time in the afternoon, she already agreed to it but did not continue because of the safety measures, it seems unreasonable to be flirtatious again. She hesitates for a while, and says with a red face, "can you give me some more time to get mentally prepared?"
	"Yes, until then, sleeping in the same room and doing nothing."
	"Ah?" Jenny is stunned again. Before she can speak, Luke added, "this is my second condition."
	Looking at the little woman's unbelievable look, he raises his eyebrows, and his thin lips raise to a perfect arc. "The same thing takes two conditions, you’ve earned it."
	Jenny stunned, have I earned more of it?
	It sounds reasonable, but why would she feel like stepping in a deep hole?
	It sounds not right?
Chapter 53 Pretend to Sleep and Take Advantages
	"When I count to ten, remaining silence is the default." Luke raises his eyes and looks at the little woman who is still struggling. He has a funny look on his face and suddenly he wants to tease her,
	“……”
	"One, two… Ten. "Looking at Jenny’s disillusioned look, Luke smiled and jumps from two to ten,
	"That's not how you count?"
	Jenny makes angry noise, "what about the numbers in the middle?"
	"I only said, count to ten, but I didn't say what should be in the middle."
	"Hey..."
	"Go take a bath. It's too late. I'm ready to go to bed."
	Luke takes a deep look at her, with meaningful eyes.
	"You haven't said your third condition yet."
	"Not hurry. Let's talk about it later when I think of it."
	Cunning!
	Jenny can only think of this word to describe him now. After that, who knows what will happen in the future.
	But that's good. The first two have already shocked her. Now it's better not to say the third one to keep her calm down slowly.
	"I… I'll go then. Good night. "
	Jenny glances at the undulating chest, swallows her saliva and about to walks towards the door
	"Just shower here."
	There is an unquestionable command behind her.
	"No need, my pajamas are not here. I'll come after I finish shower." Jenny smiles and moves toward the door.
	"No need, your Pajama, Lily has already moved here. I've made a space in the closet for you."
	The two words are particularly heavy, as if they are implying something.
	Jenny’s smile froze on her face. She cannot stay nor leave.
	What should she do?
	Luke suddenly stands up, approaches her slowly step by step, just like his tone, like poison, slightly delayed Jenny’s sensitive nerves.
	"If Mrs. Lu needs my help to take a bath, I'd be happy to do so."
	Looking at that chest about to get close to Jenny’s face, and her waist is about to hit the doorplate. Jenny suddenly pushes aside the obstacles in front of her and rushes into the bathroom, leaving a sentence echoing in the bedroom.
	"That’s kind of you. Both my hands and feet are working fine. Don't need to bother President Lu."
	The lamb to be slaughtered in front of him runs away. Luke lowers his head, glanced over the two palm marks on his bare chest that have not yet been dissipated, and suddenly he feels some part of his body is burning.
	This little wild cat that grinds him, he can't wait for it.
	If it wasn't for George who said that women should be treated respectfully and can't be go in a rush, he really didn't have so much patience to wait for her.
	Jenny rushes into the bathroom at one breath, and in the middle of showering in the bathroom, she suddenly recalls that she didn't bring any clothes in at all. She closes her eyes and knocks on her forehead.
	Fool, when can you do things carefully?
	Luke isn’t asleep yet. He feels the door of the bathroom opened and his eyes slightly open. He watches the little woman wrapped in a huge bath towel, sneakily opens the closet and looks for her pajamas. After finding the pajamas, whether she is complacent or not, the bath towel falls to her waist and shows her white skin tone and smooth back.
	She squats down and covers her mouth. She slowly turns around and peeps at the man on the bed. She sees a book on his chest with his eyes closed as if he is sleeping. She takes a sigh of relief and sneakily walks back to the bathroom with her clothes in her arms.
	The moment when the bathroom door closed, the man on the bed opens his eyes slowly. There is no sign of smiling in his eyes. The bruise on her back just appears in his mind, and he recalls what happened in the afternoon.
	Suddenly he feels bad.
	The sound of the water running in the bathroom stopped. Jenny thought no one finds out what she did. So, she comes out in a set of bear pajamas and looks at the man in bed. After a while of hesitation, she carefully takes the book off his chest and puts it on the top of bed.
	Then she climbs onto the bed from the other side.
	If he did not see her at the bedside in the morning, he could get angry again.
	She breathes helplessly, opens a corner of the quilt, and shrinks herself in a bit.
	Just about to lay down, her head has not touched the pillow yet. An arm goes through the gap between her back neck and the pillow, then holds her into his arms when she hasn't realized yet.
	Jenny is stiff. "You… you haven't slept yet? "
	A steady breath appears behind her, but no more response.
	She hesitates for a moment, trying to move his hand away from her waist, but he is holding her really tight.
	"Hey… you really asleep? Don't pretend to sleep and take advantages from me? "
	She whispers, as if to herself, and stops struggling.
	The dim yellow light reflects on the man's strong outline, the thick eyelashes on his closed eyes moves a little, the corners of his mouth curves a shallow arc, showing his rare tenderness.
	...
	At the moment, six hours across the ocean, it is still a sunny afternoon in France.
	In a luxurious and magnificent private manor, the voice of women's reprimand comes out.
	It's not loud and reasonable, but it makes a girl who seems like at her five or six age crying.
	"Tia, it's not a matter of whether it's expensive or not. These two cups are grandpa's favorite and you just break them. The first thing to do is not to apologize to me, but to Grandpa."
	The woman speaking is in her early twenties, with gentle eyebrows and eyes, she has small nose and lips, which is a typical Asian face, but her eyes are slightly deep, seems like she is mix, her eyes are full of water waves, her angel like face keeps a polite and alienated smile, and her words are filled with tenderness, not like scolding, but like an elder sister who gently admonishing her little sister.
	But even so, the little girl called Tia not dares to raise her head,
	"When your sister talks to you, Tia, you should say that you have heard, understood, or if you have any questions, you should ask."
	"I understand." Tia's voice is so subtle that it's not even as loud as a mosquito's.
	"Are you sure you understand?"
	The woman's eyes sweep over the fireplace behind Tia. It is a picture of the old man in military uniform hanging above the fireplace, who looks kind-hearted and upright,
	"Should you tell me if you understand it?"
	"Elder sister, I truly, truly understand it..."
	Tia sounds like she is about to cry.
	When she raises her head, her face looks like a doll. This baby face is similar to the woman's face at some point, but it's filled with childish and innocence. The eyes are full of fear."
	"Go ahead, Tia."
	The woman's voice is still gentle, as if she is saying that you know you are wrong, then you can go ahead and play.
	Tia's suddenly becomes stiff when hearing these words, and her bright eyes are filled with fear and despair, "No… don't… sister...... "
	"Do you want me to repeat it again? Tia, that’s not good. "
	
Chapter 54 Abuse
	Tia looks at the angel like sister in front of her. Her fear grows deeper. She turns around and walks slowly toward the fireplace. She tiptoes and her little hand reaches out to the picture hanging on the fireplace. When she makes eye contact with the picture, her tears drop, and then she walks towards the basement step by step.
	"That's good girl. I will let you know when it is dinner time."
	When the servant Fiona comes in, she didn't see Tia, so she asks carefully, "Young lady, where is Miss Tia?"
	"Tia is sleeping in the room. She refused to take medicine just now and I scolded her. I think she is angry now. Don't bother her now."
	Fiona takes a sigh of relief and smiles. "I've never seen you scold at anyone before, young lady. Miss Tia's temper is also uncertain. You've been suffering for years."
	"It doesn't matter," says the woman with a soft smile. "By the way, Fiona, have you booked the air ticket for me?"
	"It's all fixed. Tomorrow afternoon's flight." Fiona nods quickly, "as for Miss Tia’s illness, don't know when she will get better after seeing so many psychologists for years. I hope you can help her find a solution when you go to China this time."
	"It will be OK. I’ll just go back to work. I’ve missed some of my friends for a long time."
	The woman lowers her head and takes a sip of coffee, glances at the domestic entertainment news on one side of the notebook, "during my absence, please take care of Tia."
	No one can see her eyes filled with viciousness and jealousy, at the moment when she bowed her head.
	In the dark basement, a little girl looks like a doll is holding a broken doll in her hand, and she is shivering in the corner. In front of her, there is a picture of the old man. The black and white picture in the dim yellow light gets more and more creepy. The arc around the corner of old man’s mouth is like a curse. The fear makes the little girl cry loudly.
	She buries her head between her knees and holds her arms, after crying a bit, and a sound of opening and closing the door suddenly occurs. The slippers wipe off the ground, leaving behind a series of deadly steps.
	"Tia, be obedient."
	"No... No, Tia is obedient, Tia listens... "
	"How can a good child cry?"
	"hmmm Tia is not crying Tia is not... " As she cries, she shrinks into the corner. The floor is clean and almost spotless but the woman seems to dislike this place, and she looks disgusted holding a corner of her skirt.
	She takes out the needle from the closet next to her and approaches the little girl step by step. "Come on, Tia is ill. Sister wants to help Tia fix it."
	"Don't… sister… Tia… Tia is afraid of pain. "
	"It is not painful. Tia will get better only with acupuncture."
	The woman seems to lose her patience at last. She grabs the brown curled horse tail and drags her to the ground. The needle in her hand is pierced into the girl's back fiercely. The whole basement echoes the girl's frightened crying, which sounds heartbreaking.
	Don’t know how long has it been, the woman seems to have had enough fun. She gets up and claps her hands and cleans off the almost nonexistent dust. "OK, Tia, now you can sleep in peace and go back to the room with me."
	The girl in the corner keeps twitching, the saliva and snot from crying stuck together, the beautiful dress on her becomes dirty, and her eyes are empty, like a marionette, without any trace of struggle, only shrinks when her sister's hand approaches, but without she didn’t escape.
	"That's a good girl."
	When the woman holds Tia in her arms and goes back room, Fiona comes in with dinner and sighs helplessly when she sees young lady is changing clothes for Tia.
	"Is Miss Tia ill again?"
	"I think so, I don't think she'll be able to eat. Cook some porridge so that she can eat it when she wakes up." The woman's eyes are full of pity, as if the person who just abused in the basement was not her.
	Fiona nods. "Well, you don't have to worry about it. I'll take care of it. You go dinner first."
	"ok,"
	When the woman gets up and leaves, Fiona changes Tia's dirty skirt and frowns. "Miss Tia, you should be thankful to your sister’s patience. No one else will be able to tolerate it"
	"Ah?" Before she finishes speaking, Fiona's palm suddenly feels a tingling sensation. She exclaims and spreads out her palm. There is nothing there. Then she looks at Tia's smooth back, it seems something is shining.
	She is stupefied and looks at it carefully. A silver needle is not yet in-depth leaning on the delicate skin and is teetering.
	She frowns suddenly and her heart sinks.
	How can there be a needle?
	"Fiona, I can't find blueberry sauce. Come and help me." A woman's voice comes from the door.
	"I’m coming..." Fiona answers quickly, presses down her guess, holds the silver needle in her hand, covers Tia with a quilt, and walks out quietly.
	Flower villa.
	A ray of sunshine reflects in the warm bedroom. The woman in the bed unconsciously blocks her eyes, mumbles, turns over and changes to a comfortable position in a someone’s warm embrace.
	Luke’s brow suddenly wrinkled, and there is a trace of complexity in his eyes.
	Jenny feels something against her abdomen in her sleep, and she is in a panic, so she reaches out and pushes it.
	This push turning on the man holding her, suddenly he holds the restless hand.
	"ehhh…” The little woman struggles impatiently and she unconsciously touches something hard. She suddenly opens up her eyes in shock by the burning feeling.
	In the middle of the bed, over the head, they make a eye contact.
	Jenny stares at him suddenly, and the burning temperature in the palm of her hand quickly spreads all over her body. She exclaims and quickly withdraws her hand out of it, "ah..."
	In the early morning, she wakes up, what was just in her hand?
	Like a frightened rabbit, she jumps to the ground in a flash from the quilt. The raised quilt randomly places on Luke’s waist, his secret area appears in front of her.
	It's a coincidence that a ray of sunshine outside the window just shines on the tall and upright column.
	Jenny is speechless and raises her arm to cover her eyes. She keeps murmuring to herself, don't know whether it is to comfort herself or not,
	"I did not see anything, not at all."
	"Sooner or later you will see it."
	Jenny turns around and pretends that she didn't hear anything. She says, "pervert."
	Luke, in a deep look, says seriously, "this is a normal physiological reaction of men in the morning. If not, you should worry about whether your married life is really normal."
	After saying this, there was a noise behind her, a sound of sliding doors in the bathroom. Jenny turns around until she hears the sound of water running.
	When thinking of the scene, the back of the ear is burning.
	What a shame.
	She's only twenty-one. She's really at a loss to see this kind of thing.
	
Chapter 55 You are My Treasure
	When eating in the morning, didn’t know what servant told grandma. Grandma is too happy that she almost cannot shut off her mouth during the meal. She puts two eggs into Luke’s bowl and says, "get more nutrition."
	Jenny is a little confused, swallowing the porridge in her mouth, and asks casually, "President Lu needs to supplement more nutrition recently?"
	"Of course, I'll make a pot of kidney soup in the kitchen at noon, and he should drink more. Maybe he can get two babies at once this time, and then I'll have two grandkids."
	Jenny suddenly coughs and looks up at Luke who seems to be smiling. She finally understands what grandma was talking about.
	"Don’t feel awkward, you guys are parents now but still sleep in separate rooms. I'm not that stubborn old grandma. Since you are about to get married, you should have slept in the same room earlier. It's all good now. You two finally fulfill my wish."
	Jenny is getting awkward.
	"Grandma… President Lu and I...... "
	"Wait a minute," Grandma's face suddenly changes, "what did you call him?"
	"Lu..." Before she can speak anything, Jenny suddenly realizes that it doesn’t seem right, and she immediately smiles, "grandma, this..."
	"You promised me last night."
	"So many people here..." Jenny takes a look around her. There are many servants waiting to see her funny reaction. She can’t help but turns to Luke for help.
	"Jenny, now it’s your fault. You two are going to get married. You cannot keep calling him President Lu in front of your children. You two are not in the relationship between superiors and subordinates. It's not sweet at all. Just pick one of those nicknames I said last night."
	"Grandma, so many people here. When there is no one in private, I..I call him quite sweet. If you don't believe me, you can ask him... "
	Jenny desperately looks at Luke, hoping that he can understand her.
	And grandma frowns and looks at Luke for a while, and asks, "is that right, Luke?"
	Getting the sign from the little woman who asks for help, Luke raises his eyebrows, "privately, we are very close."
	Jenny heaved a sigh of relief.
	"But Grandma's advice is very good too. You should usually call me that."
	One breath has not completely gone down yet. Luke’s words almost make people spit blood.
	Jenny holds the corner of the table and stares at the grandma and grandson who cooperate harmoniously. Why she feels like a sheep entering the tiger's den?
	"Jenny, if you don't listen to grandma, I won't eat."
	Again?
	Jenny feels speechless.
	Grandma is old. How can she act like a child?
	She takes a deep breath, holds it for a long time, her face blushes, and she whispers, "Lu..."
	"No, no..."
	Grandma toots, "there is no this option last night. Don't bully me thinking I'm old and have a bad memory."
	Baby, honey, sweetheart?
	Are Grandma's choices too shameful?
	Now she feels that she cannot get rid of the trouble. After holding it for a long time, she calls out, "fine, grandma, Luck is my heart treasure. Go ahead, you can eat now."
	As soon as the words come out, several servants around them coveres their mouths and laughs.
	Jenny secretly looks at Luke’s face. What's the meaning of that seemingly enjoyable expression?
	Is it an Illusion?
	And grandma is very happy, hums a small song and finish a bowl of porridge, "it sounds strange, but get used to it."
	"Get used to it?" Jenny can bear it no more. "Grandma, have you ever seen the heart treasure that is nearly five feet seven? How giant the treasure must be? "
	A circle of servants burst out laughing. One of them covers his stomach with a laugh and turns away.
	Luke stares at Jenny and waits for her explanation.
	Jenny avoids Luck’s gaze, swallows her saliva, and puts away the joking look on her face. If not, she has to step back. "Don't you think it's too disrespectful for me to call President Lu such a disrespectful name in front of others? As Mrs. Lu, I really shouldn't hold him back. "
	Grandma ponders for a while, seems to agree with her and nods, "Oh, true, but this title should be changed. I don't like to hear President Lu."
	Grandma spreads her hands and leans back in the chair like she didn't care until she hears a satisfactory answer.
	Jenny looks up at Luke and hesitates for a few seconds,
	"Or how do you think I'm calling him the same as you, Luke?"
	"Luke has more prestige than heart treasure." Grandma nods, holding her chin as if she is thinking about whether to agree or not.
	There are ten thousand nods in Jenny’s heart. This is 100 times better.
	Grandma, don't torment me.
	About the heart treasure just then, her life is shortened by ten years.
	Seeing that grandma hesitated, Jenny says a lot of funny things to make Grandma happy. That's how the name-calling settled.
	Luke didn't give any opinions from the beginning to the end. After dinner, he puts on his coat and goes out to the company.
	The rules are still effective. Two of them are maintaining distance, Luke gives Jenny time to adapt, and Jenny is also trying to get used to the fact that she is married.
	There is nothing to do these two days. After lunch, Jenny accompanies grandmother and sits in the garden and cuts the newspaper. Grandma is not interested in social news. She simply likes the beautiful flowers and grass patterns on the morning paper. She likes to cut them and paste them on the book. Then she writes something on the side.
	This morning, Jenny takes today's newspaper from the housekeeper, glances at it, and stops for a while on the entertainment page. Brilliant entertainment is about to hold a signing ceremony with Sky, the singer who just won the international Golden Melody Award.
	The picture is taken in June this year, at the international Golden Melody Festival, Sky won the prize for the best English pop music and the best album in her latest album.
	A purple high set dress on her, angel like face with a light smile, elegant and calm manner, holding two gold trophies, standing on the brilliant stage.
	To Jenny’s surprise, brilliant entertainment is a film and television company. Although they have singer, the main player is still related to TV series and movies. Most of artists are actors with quite a few singers. Sky has strong background, even if she wants to open up the domestic market, all major record companies are trying to hold for her. How can she choose a film and television company to sign the contract?
	"Jenny, what are you thinking about? "
	Grandmother's voice brings back Jenny’s thoughts.
	Jenny smiles and turns over the entertainment page. "Nothing, just read some entertainment news. Come and sit down, let me read you some interesting news in today's newspaper."
	"That’s nice,"
	Grandma sits on a rattan chair, covered with a thick cashmere blanket on her knees, wearing gold chain glasses on the bridge of her nose, and gradually gets sleepy by Jenny’s gentle newspaper reading sound.
Chapter 56 How Can She Been Grounded?
	The servant is going to wake the old lady up and reminds her to go back to her room for a break. Jenny stops her.
	"Grandma is old and has a light sleep. If you wake her up, she can’t sleep later."
	"What should I do about it? She can’t sleep out there."
	After looking around the room, Jenny says, “Put the mobile radiator next to her and give me a thicker blanket. I'll wake her up after one-hour sleep."
	It's not good to take a long nap.
	After the servant puts up everything, Jenny tucks her with the blanket. The heating warms the surrounding place so that there is no chill at all.
	After that, Jenny goes into the room and takes a sip of water.
	On the other side of the small garden, Luke Lu, who just gets out of the car to pick up something, has a panoramic view of all this, and his cold face turns gentle.
	When Jenny drinks water, Luke Lu suddenly returns. Before she puts down the cup, she hears a sound of footsteps behind her.
	"Why you come back at this time?"
	She hesitates and puts the cup on the table.
	These days she has been in Flower House with Grandma. Luke Lu goes out early and returns late every day. She can’t see him during the day. So it is very strange to see him this afternoon.
	Luke Lu looks at her, picks up the cup next to him and takes a sip of water.
	"To get something."
	"Ah..." She exclaims to stop him, but the water has rolled down his throat.
	"What?" Luke Lu puts down the cup and feels confused.
	Jenny waves her hands, “No, it's nothing. You are back for something, aren’t you? Can I help you? Don’t be late."
	"No," Luke Lu turns and goes upstairs but suddenly stops halfway, “Are you bored at home these days?"
	Hearing this, Jenny is slightly stunned and nods after a while, “A little bit. But there is no way. That's it. I don't touch the ground when I am hot. But when I am not, dread does not creep into my mind. It is good to get used to it early."
	"It won't be long."
	Luke Lu throws down a word and goes upstairs, leaving Jenny duping downstairs alone.
	What does it mean?
	In the evening, Shawn, who has been gone for a long time, suddenly calls, which makes Jenny overjoyed.
	Last time, she refuses to endorse Eshmour jewelry. They must be very angry and the angriest one should be Shawn. So she hasn’t contacted with her for a long time, nor answers the phone.
	She begins aggressively, “Is it fun to stay at home?"
	"No, Shawn," Jenny tries to fake a smile.
	"You are wrong for the last thing, you know?"
	"Shawn, I am wrong about this. I am wrong."
	Jenny feels sorry for living down to Shawn’s dedication, but out of responsibility for herself, she feels that she is completely right.
	"That demonstrates you are not a fool." Shawn says with a sigh, “Go to Advertising Department of Eshmour Jewelry at 10 a.m. tomorrow and be ready to be nitpicked."
	"Ah?" Jenny is stunned with his mouth open and does not understand what she means.
	"Any question? You're lucky. Andy, the designer of Eshmour Jewelry, is interested on you. Don't you want to be fair? The designer personally gives you an interview to show you what fairness is."
	"Interview?"
	"Yes. The interview is for you. If you succeed in the interview, you will get the endorsement. But you should be ready to be humiliated. You asked for it. Anyway, I am not sure about this interview without any backstage. It is says that the designer named Andy isn’t a fellow to deal with. Get prepared."
	What Shawn said makes Jenny feel heavy in heart.
	Eshmour is very high from the top as well as its designers, who do not take young artists like her seriously. Do they seize the chance to retaliate through unexpectedly giving her the opportunity to interview?
	Do they want to embarrass her because she offended them last time?
	Here she thought cannot help but feel nervous.
	But on second thought, is there any time for them to embarrass her, an obscure actor? So she lets it go.
	The problem she faces now is that Grandma doesn’t like her going out.
	In Grandma’s view, she is less than four months pregnant and should stay at home to raise the baby. She can’t go anywhere. Even walking in Flower House, she is followed by four or five servants to protect her inseparably.
	Now, she is sleeping in Luke Lu’s room with two servants on shift waiting in the outer living room. As long as she moves, they would come to ask her if she needs anything, which is really very troublesome.
	After answering the phone on the balcony, she sees Luke Lu coming out of the bathroom, wearing cotton white T-shirt and long black pajamas. His tall figure and strong chest are so sensual.
	Seeing Jenny's wet hair is dripping water, he immediately frowns, “Come here."
	"Ah?" Jenny returns to her senses, stunned, and looks at Luke Lu.
	Seeing that she is confused, Luke Lu reluctantly withdraws his eyes, takes the hair dryer from the makeup cabinet and walks around the big bed to sit down on the sofa closest to Jenny. He plugs in and pats the sit next to him, “Come and sit down."
	Jenny walks over hesitantly and asks blankly, "What are you doing?"
	"Dry hair for you," Luke Lu pulls her, directly presses her on the sofa, clasps the dark bright long hair on her shoulders and begins to tidy up.
	The warm wind blows in her ear without any noise. The hairdryer is far better than the one Jenny used before.
	The point is that this manual service is really easy.
	"You go out to answer the phone without drying hair. If you caught cold, grandma would blame me. Do you gloat, don't you?"
	The voice of Luke Lu comes through the wind, as if there is a layer of hazy fog, disturbing her mind.
	Jenny scratches his nose, pulls out a trace of random hair, and says, "The hair is too long to take care of it."
	In fact, she used to have short hair, but later she has long hair for the convenience of acting.
	Short hair is easy to take care of. It would dry after a quick blow in winter. In summer, there is no need to blow at all, just wiping it with a towel.
	"Long hair for acting?"
	Luke Lu is right in his words.
	She is stunned and nods, “Well, when I contacted with Shawn abroad, she said I'd better have long hair first, so that it would be more convenient for me to do both custom and modern dramas."
	It will be ugly to directly put the wig over my head. Shawn's consideration is not unreasonable.
	"Do you still want to do the variety show of the company?"
	Luke Lu suddenly mentions variety for no reason.
	Jenny turns her head, looks at him and hesitates to say, “Can I?"
	After all, grandma won’t allow her to go out.
	"If you want, I'll tell grandma."
	
Chapter 57 Intensions
	The wind in the ear stops. Luke Lu unplugs the hair dryer, puts it on the side and says carelessly, “You should have got the variety and begin to record the first issue. You will enter next week."
	Jenny thanks for a while, but she can’t figure out his intention.
	According to her understanding, in fact, she can feel that the man wants her to stay with her grandmother more often in Flower House, which is the same as that of grandma. He does not want her to go out to work.
	At this moment, she cannot help but feel deceitful when he suddenly mentions the matter of work so actively.
	"What are the terms?"
	She asks hesitantly.
	There is a slight lag on his look.
	His eyes become deeper, "What you can do for me?"
	Jenny is stunned and suddenly feels discouraged.
	Although she really can’t help him, she feels humiliated being questioned like this so that she can’t help muttering, "Is it right to dance or sing a song?”
	He hears that clearly.
	"Dance."
	Luke Lu's eyes flashes with bright and dim light, which makes Jenny realize that she is tricked.
	It is not difficult for her to dance, because she has learnt ballet from an early age and later the company's new training teacher taught many popular dance movements like hip-hop, and even basic movements of all major dances to deal with variety shows.
	"Which one? Ballet doesn't work there. Folk dance, OK?"
	"Whatever you want."
	Luke Lu pulls a chair by the window and sits, facing the open space from the end of the bed to the door.
	Jenny takes off her shoes, stands on the rufous carpet, and tiptoes to begin. The bathrobe pulls down from one of her shoulders, revealing the pink sling inside.
	She does not care. She circles the wide sleeve of the robe to hide half of her face and bents her legs to shape of S. Then she touches the ground with toes and begins to wave the sleeves, long hair on the back slightly flying up, smiling face hidden behind the sleeves. It looks like Mongolian dance, mixed with ballet.
	Obviously it doesn’t belong to the most passionate dance, but it is itching at this moment.
	When she was a child, her parents wanted her to become a ballet dancer. She didn’t want to learn ballet very much. At the beginning, her toes really hurt, and her teacher was also very serious. Until she grows up, she still believes that ballet is a very inhumane dance, which is a kind of destruction of body.
	Now she thanks her parents for their original decision. Because has studied ballet before, she has many advantages on acting, such as the acquired standing form and the super understanding of dance. All of these are own to studying ballet from an early age.
	A gust of cool wind blows in through the unclosed window. The curtain and veil flow with the wind like a dancing bird. The sudden wind makes her sneezed and falls on the carpet.
	A tall figure pops up from the bedside and walks to her in three or two steps.
	"What's the matter?"
	Jenny waves her hand, “I haven't danced for a long time so that I can't stand steadily, and twist my foot."
	"Let me see," Lu says, pulling up her pajamas and gently touching her injured ankle.
	Jenny cannot help but gasp.
	"Twisted," Luke Lu exhales deeply and frowns, “There should be nothing wrong with it."
	Still trying to be brave, she was so careless.
	Luke Lu picks her up from the ground and puts her directly on the bed.
	"Sit still. I'll get you the medicine."
	With hands against the soft quilt, Jenny stares at the tall figure goes out like the wind, leaving his breath linger on.
	These days, apart from being always held by him at night, it seems to be no further development. He is a man of his word. After he promised to wait until she’s ready, he doesn’t touch her.
	But she knows that if their relationship does not work, she will never be able to start investigation.
	Not only Luke Lu, she is also waiting for that day.
	But she begins to be afraid if one day he knows that she doesn’t tell him the truth, how will he think of her? Will he regard her as the woman using herself? Will he hate her?
	Because she finds she seems to begin to like him.
	She gets out of bed, limps up to the cupboard and stares at the picture on it.
	The photo shows fifteen-year-old Luke Lu and his grandmother full of silver hair. At that time, the grandmother is probably healthy and looks in a much better spirit than she is now.
	"Don’t I ask you to sit still in bed?"
	A cool voice comes from the door, with a reproachful tone.
	"It's no big deal. I can move." Jenny explains.
	"It's not up to you." Luke Lu doesn’t take her words seriously. He presses her directly on the sofa, puts her left leg on his knee, and opens the medicine box.
	The slender ankle is like the jade sculpture carved of mutton-fat jade, white and smooth. The ankle flares up, but it is not serious. Luke Lu takes the plaster paste from the medicine box and carefully affixes it on her ankle.
	He bows his head slightly, hiding his look, and looks like a perfect sculpture from her side.
	Jenny feels that his heartbeat misses a beat. Especially as his hands gently strokes the wound, she feels like an electric current spread through every corner of the body from the ankle.
	When Luke Lu looks up, he finds that he is being watched, and it seems that he has been watched for a long time.
	She looks affectionate and shy. At the moment he looks up, she seems stunned and tries to turn her head away. He cups her chin to raise her head.
	Their eyes travel and then meet.
	No one has any words.
	The curtains are still fluttering. The moonlight outside the window is fascinating, just like their eyes that look at each other now, blazing with time.
	Without hesitation, the man leans down to hold her face and kiss her upper lip. The woman's hands naturally climbs up the man's back to meet his love.
	Like a beast trying to abstinence himself, he nibbles her lips, making her feel a little hurt. She can’t help groan.
	That makes him more excited. And then he pushes his tongue into her mouth and sucks, which makes her feel choked.
	His breathing gradually becomes ragged, and the hands begin to travel down. The bathrobe slid down to the waist, revealing the pink shoulder strap and seducing the hot man.
	
Chapter 58 Lust
	The cool breeze blows in through the window crack. They don’t feel cold anymore because both their temperature are much higher than room temperature. Jenny is worried that she will suffocate anytime, anywhere, and is most likely to lose in his kiss.
	They squirm on the sofa. The man pulls away the strap of the bathrobe, travels into the pink sling coat, and gently rubs her soft breast. She groans.
	Sweat oozes from her stretching neck. He leans down to kiss her beautiful neck down to the cleavage. Her long black hair scatters over her shoulders, covering her thin shoulders. His other hand cannot help traveling into her silk pajamas and touching the her tight hip.
	He feels that she quivers and becomes rigid.
	He stops and hesitates for a moment. But unexpectedly, she doesn’t resist, but tightens her arms around his neck.
	He can feel that she is controlling fear of the unknown.
	This is her first time.
	The first time he touched her, he guessed that.
	It is contrived for him to meet a virgin in the entertainment circle. He just guesses and does not put it in mind. He does not crave for virgins and not care what she has done as well. Her reaction now makes him firmly settle on the original idea.
	So all kinds of feelings well up and the idea of holding her into his arms and taking pity on her, surging in his chest, becomes more intense.
	"It will be a little hurt. Hold on, please, and just move on."
	He mollifies her in his arms with patience.
	The little woman gasps hoarsely and nods suspiciously with some grievance.
	Considering that it is her first time, Luke Lu has to treat it carefully. He picks her up from the sofa, carefully puts her on the big soft bed, takes the pillow next to her, and puts it under her waist, hoping that she can suffer less lately.
	Jenny grits her teeth. Sweat oozes from her forehead. She is afraid. She has heard a lot about it, but this is the only time she has practiced it. The man opens the drawer, removed the condom prepared secretly, and then rides on me.
	His move makes Jenny stunned. Doesn’t he want to?
	Luke Lu is aware of the woman's puzzled look, so he murmurs, “It will reduce the pain."
	There is a little lust in his cool voice.
	Like a flame, it flushes the little woman's red cheeks. She turns her head and grits her teeth and almost wants to get into the pillow.
	He is not in a hurry to pull in. If he wants a woman physically and mentally, he should ease her first. He bows his head to continue the foreplay, kissing from her waist, seductive nipple to her neck. His feather-like kiss makes her shy, and wants to find a seam to get in.
	She pulls the quilt desperately, trying to cover her naked skin, but the man does not give her the opportunity. His eyes are full of admiration for her body. His palms strokes every inch of her skin. His thin lips sip her almost transparent earlobe, and gently tease her ears.
	She shrinks for a moment and groans, as if it was a spirit, opening up the blood all over.
	The man has a flash of light in his look, and he raises the corners of his mouth and breaths in her ear, "It's more sensitive here."
	Jenny feels that her ears must be as red as cooked shrimps at the moment, so that she cannot look at his eyes.
	Why does he always talk in this moment? It makes her too annoyed to speak.
	But this kind of teasing speech obviously has the effect. She feels that here is a hot liquid run from her belly, wet and spreading, which makes her cannot help but approach the long-wants hard objective between her legs. When she touches the hot objective, she clamps her legs. The upper suddenly gasps and frowns at her, lost for words.
	It just feels hard, but actually very fragile.
	The friction between the legs makes the man feel more and more hot. The sweat flows across his wheat-colored chest and drops on the woman's belly, causing a shudder.
	By now, all the dryness and heat has been concentrated in the bellies of the two. He touches the sheet under her, which is most soaked.
	"If it hurts, let me know." He murmurs in her ear, then opens her leg and slowly pulls in the secret garden.
	When he begins to pull in, the woman under him widens her eyes and cries. She cramps and scarcely holds on to the man's arms with her nails deeply embedded in his arms.
	"Ah... Uh... It hurts."
	The man feels that something hindered him and the woman's choking cry makes him feel a little sad.
	But the arrow is on the bow-poised to strike. Sooner or later it has to be passed.
	He makes up his mind to go through with a calm face.
	"Ah..."
	Jenny feels painful as if her lower body is being pierced.
	She clearly feels the friction in her vagina, and even feels that there is liquid flowing through it. His big penis fills her vagina and almost is going to break it. Her mind goes blank and groans, but her voice is gradually faint and almost inaudible.
	Luke Lu rarely looks at with soft eyes, strokes her cheek with pity, and remains his penis inside immovably for fear that she passes out.
	"Liar..."
	Jenny grips his hand in tears, “It hurts..."
	"Believe me, just move."
	The words of appeasement buzz in her head, but she does not believe it at all. But she knows that she has to pass it sooner or later, so she grits her teeth and agrees.
	"Be slight, please."
	She doesn’t know if it works. Her body gradually becomes numb and losses consciousness. Again, the man pulls in and out. The pain, which has disappeared, is once again recovered. She feels that her whole body is torn, which is probably unforgettable for the rest of her life.
	She grits ted her teeth from crying out. But she is so painful that she tears down.
	In the end, Luke Lu cannot bear to make her uncomfortable. He pulls back from her body, wipes her tears, hugs her into his arms, and gently rubs her head to appease her.
	"If it hurts too much, let's forget it."
	The man murmurs in a hoarse voice, so that Jenny feels tight in her heart and then a sense of inexplicable comfort filled her. She moves her hands from his neck to hold his arms and whispers, “No."
	Luke Lu is stunned. In the gloom he sees the bright and clear eyes, weeping, but full of irresistible firmness.
	The little woman seems to be afraid that he would give up halfway. She puts her arms around his neck and kisses his neck and cheek with her tender mouth.
Chapter 59 Interview
	No one can control himself in this case.
	Moreover, just now he forces himself to stop because Jenny looks too painful, and the reaction he should have does not diminish at all.
	The teasing of the moment is simply equal to add fuel to the fire.
	He groans and pulls in again.
	The bed shocks, accompanied by heavy gasps. One orgasm after another.
	She still feels painful, but it seems a little numb. She wants to end it as soon as possible, but her body begins to meet him, and even gradually begins to squirm.
	The bedside mobile phone vibrates all the time. But the sound is covered by the madness on the bed, completely forgotten on one side.
	After a whole night, Jenny feels that all her strength has been vacated and gradually falls asleep, but vaguely feels that her body is still moving.
	The bright moonlight sprinkles on the woman's beautiful body.
	Luke Lu holds the woman's legs and thrusts in and out. He thinks he might be crazy, fucking a woman who has passed out, as if he is tireless. He turns her over and over again, trying to rub her into her flesh and blood.
	If it hasn't been for fear that she will not be able to bear it, he can make love to her for a whole night.
	In the early hours of the morning, he holds the sleeping woman in his arms to the bathroom, takes a bath, and then puts her back in bed. When he is ready to go to bed, he finds that there are more than a dozen missed calls.
	He frowns and goes to the balcony with the phone.
	When he closes the door, a gust of cool wind comes in from the windowsill. The wind makes the woman on the bed quivers, opens her eyes in a daze and sees the figure on the balcony.
	"What’s the matter when it's so late?"
	"..."
	"I am busy just now."
	"..."
	"Well. I will let the driver pick you up."
	"..."
	"I have something to do tomorrow,"
	Luke Lu seems to be discussing something with the person on the other side of the phone with patience.
	"OK, I'll pick you up."
	In the end, Luke Lu makes a compromise.
	Jenny frowns, and wonders what the identity of the person on the other side of the phone is for she can make Luke Lu compromise.
	The wind blows over the curtain. Holding the door frame, he closes the window with his slender hands. Jenny feels the mattress tilt slightly and a gust of cool breeze blows in the quilt.
	She closes her eyes and pretends to drill into his arms unconsciously.
	The man seems to be used to her, holds her in his arms, changes a comfortable posture, and gradually makes a steady breathing sound.
	On that night, Jenny does not sleep well.
	The lower part of the body vaguely aches. If she moves, she feels like being pierced. She grits her teeth and thinks about the future, becoming more and more panic.
	What will she do if it has something to do with the Lu family?
	Should she continue to engage in the relationship she is just aware of?
	…
	Jenny wakes up at noon the next day. She misses the appointment with Shawn. She exclaims and bounces out of bed, but is overwhelmed by the softness on her waist and lies back on the bed.
	"Ouch..."
	She gasps and she slowly gets out of bed, holding her waist.
	Hearing the sound, the servant comes in and looks at the room vaguely, "Good morning, Ma'am. Lunch is almost ready. Young Master commands us to bring it to the living room. How about that?"
	Jenny flushes and hurriedly waves her hands, "No. I have to go out, so I don’t eat breakfast. Where is your young master?"
	"The young master goes out early in the morning. There is something wrong with the company and he has to pick someone up in the afternoon."
	Pick up someone?
	Jenny hesitates for a moment and thinks of the phone call she heard last night.
	She doesn’t know who he is.
	The servant has never asked Luke Lu exactly what he has to do and just knows so much. So she does not ask any more questions. She gets up, dresses, forces to wear makeup, and rushes to the company to attend the appointed interview.
	When she goes downstairs, Grandma is eating at the table. Seeing her coming, she hurriedly calls her for dinner. She refuses on the excuse of going out. Worried that Grandma will not agree, she casually says that she is going to find Luke Lu. Grandma smiles from ear to ear and asks the servant to pack lunch and lets her deliver it.
	Jenny has no choice but to get into the car with an insulation box.
	Shawn on the other side of the phone is already outraged, "The dated time is ten o'clock in the morning. What time is it now?"
	At 11:30, she just got into the car. The reprimand from the telephone is about to shatter her eardrum.
	"Shawn, I'm really sorry, the alarm clock doesn't go off. I set it last night."
	She does not know that in order to make her get more sleep, someone has turned off her alarm clock which has just rang twice before leaving in the morning.
	"Fortunately, the designer suddenly has affairs and informs me that the interview has been postponed until afternoon. Now hurriedly pack up and come."
	"I'm in the car."
	Jenny breaths a sigh of relief.
	She is so luck today that the other party also postponed the time. It is no wonder she is late.
	Because there is more than enough time, Shawn first pulls her to change clothes in the company and puts on makeup again, and then goes to the advertising department of Eshmour by a nanny van without haste.
	"I hear that brilliant entertainment is also playing the idea of Eshmour’s endorsement, but their artists are small and the overall grade is not high. Eshmour doesn’t value. That’s not to our company’s credit. Luke Up Group makes a bid for our company so that we have such a good opportunity. You must seize it."
	"Shawn, I'll try my best."
	"Not just try your best, you have to take it."
	Shawn pats her on the shoulder and says, "Jenny, the pressure isn’t given from me. You should also know that the company has nothing to do with you recently. If you want to increase the exposure, your best chance now is to get a big endorsement."
	Only gets the endorsement, the company will value her. If she wants to film well, she can only get goal in roundabout way.
	She knows it in her own heart.
	In the afternoon, the interview is going to begin at the Advertising Department of Eshmour Group.
	All kinds of equipment are put in front of the white curtain. Andy, the designer she saw last time, stands in front of the curtain, wearing a leather suit and black broad-legged trousers, chic and domineering.
	When Jenny goes in, looking at the arrangement around her, she is a little dazed. Isn't this the shooting site? Is the interview conducted directly here?
	When he sees her arrive, Andy takes off her sunglasses and smiles politely at her, "Here you go? I’m sorry for temporarily adjusting the time."
	"It's okay," Jenny smiles, "Miss Andy, is the interview going on here?"
	"Yes," Andy nods, her the cool pink short hair flying up like a pink balloon, "I decided to take this interview directly in the form of an Eshemour’s ad, that is to say, if you pass the interview, the ad you shot today will be straight on."
	"Ah?" Jenny is stunned.
	Is it too casual? Shooting advertising is very troublesome. It usually takes about a week to fully finish the early shooting. If there is still a problem in the later pruning, they have to start all over again.
	"But you're not the only one here for the interview."
	Andy says with a meaningful tone.
	
Chapter 60 The Old Lover Returns(1)
	"Miss Sky arrived," someone shouts. All people in the whole shooting site stop their work and looks at the door.
	She wears a blue-stripe skirt, white trumpet pants and a pair of 12-centimeter heels with her hair in a ponytail. Her slight mixed-race face is as bright as an angel. She smiles and walks towards Jenny.
	"That's her. Your competitor today, Sky."
	Sky, an actress who is about to contract with Brilliant Entertainment, is a young female singer who won the Gold Melody Award for pop songs of the global gold song list in June and vice president of the International Autism Child Protection Public Welfare Association.
	Sky is very famous, not only in foreign countries, but also in China, even more than that. She is a new star in the singing industry, but also the darling of the fashion industry, and advertised Darry Watch and other first-line brands at home and abroad.
	With her here, how can she have any chances of winning?
	Jenny swallows, backs out before tenseness and says with a slumber face, “Miss Andy, is there any need for competition?"
	Andy glances at her, with a hint of meaningful sympathy in her eyes, "If you give up the opportunity to fight, then failure is a corollary. You can only feel self-comfort, pretending that you haven't failed, because you don’t take part, so you don’t fail."
	Sky is so bright that she can understand the reason why the girl in front of her doesn’t want to continue to compete, because she has feels the same way for so many years.
	Before Jenny can reflect what that meant, the famous singer has already walked up to her, passed her, and hugs Andy, who is serious in speech and manner.
	"Honey, long time no see." The voice of Sky is soft and delicate, as if the pronunciation of every word is just right, not uncomfortable.
	"It's been a long time." Andy responds and breaks free from her hug.
	"You attended the jewelry show in France last month. Why don’t you come to me? I saw you on the news."
	"Do you, a big singer and ambassador for public welfare, have time to receive me?"
	Jenny's heart sinks.
	Is there any need to interview? All that is missing is going out to the party tonight hand in hand as best friends. She is like a big light bulb with a thousand watts. Is there any chance for her to win? Andy, is she here to avenge on her for shooting her last time? She's very suspicious right now.
	"Interview first," Andy finally interrupts the reunion of her best friend, so that Jenny, who is embarrassed, breathe a sigh of relief.
	Sky looks at Jenny and nods to her, smiling like a spring breeze, which cannot be hated.
	Although she is an opponent, she believes that she has no chance of winning, so she has to laugh at it as a response.
	"Here are two identical sets of jewelry, both of which are new samples of the spring and summer series of Eshmour. They have not been modified yet. One for each, and then you can discuss with the people in the advertising department about shooting. Each of you has one hour. I will only look at the final product."
	Andy's tone is as fierce as herself, and when she says this in a businesslike account, it seems as if she doesn’t taken her friend and the stranger seriously into account.
	After taking the jewelry, they go into their own makeup room respectively. The makeup artist and the planner of the advertising department lead them and explain the meaning of the jewelry they takes.
	Jenny's necklace is half inlaid with white diamonds, the other half black diamonds on the platinum. Half white, half black. Just like two kinds of life gathered together in the middle into two thumb-sized swans. A black swan and a white swan are kissing each other, affectionately and poignantly.
	"This swan kiss is Miss Andy's latest work. Because the meaning of it is too poignant and the implication is not very good, can’t be regarded as beautiful. In fact, our advertising department is a little helpless. Why don't you tell me your thoughts?"
	The guy in charge of the plan looks young and frowned
	Jenny stares at the necklace around her neck for a long time and hesitates to say, "In the ballet, there are black swans and white swans. Can we add ballet elements to the advertisement, the intersection of black swans and white swans?"
	The young man murmurs for a moment and looks at her neck, "That's a good idea. Can you do ballet? It is impossible to train in a short time, isn’t it?"
	Jenny smiles, "I have learned ballet from childhood. It is not difficult for me. Give me a ballet dress, please. One for each of the black and white swans. About three shots."
	When she is studying abroad, she takes directing department and studies shooting, so she is insightful in this respect.
	When she decides to dance ballet, it is much easier. Jenny presses her legs in the dressing room and waits to go out.
	After the preparation, it is time to officially film.
	"Andy, I'm in a hurry. I have a friend to meet this afternoon, so can I be the first one?"
	Sky, wearing a white dress and holding the corner of her skirt, hesitates to ask Andy.
	Andy takes a look at Jenny, "Do you have something to do this afternoon?"
	She shocks her head, "Nothing. I can wait."
	"All right, Sky first."
	Jenny stands next to Andy and watched Sky dancing in the middle of the white curtain, wearing a white dress. She suddenly realizes something when Sky changes into a black dress in the second shot.
	Isn't that her idea?
	Black and white swans ballet?
	Sky just changes her dance movements into others, like an improved version of ballet.
	Jenny is stunned and subconsciously looks at her planner, "How does this happen?"
	"I wonder, too. Why does Sky think the same as us?" The young man incredibly cups his chin.
	Is it because the idea is too popular? Does everyone naturally think of swan dance when seeing the necklace?
	There is no time for her to think. Jenny is confused when she came on stage.
	She struggles to dance the first standard white swan. When she looks up, she finds there is a look of faint disappointment on her face. She seems not satisfied. Her palms sweat nervously. And then she slips and falls on the ground, splitting to the ground at 180 degrees. It is an imperfect ending.
	The director also impatiently shouts "cut".
	Sky, who is in a hurry to leave, changes her clothes and stands by to look at her second shot. Jenny is already so nervous that she even can hardly stand after changing into a black gauze skirt.
	If she chooses swan dance once again, it will be the same as Sky. She can’t beat her creatively as well. She must be lost in this interview.
	She glimpses that there is a pillar for pole dancing on the edge of the white curtain. She is stunned for a while and makes up her mind to let the stuff put the post in the middle of the curtain in for a penny and in for a pound.
Chapter 61 the Old Lover Returns(2)
	In fact, Andy has no expectation to this shooting. But the shooting plan of black and white swan is put forward by the advertisement department first. It means that the shooting plan is directly related with her design, concisely and clearly. Thus, she is not surprised at Sky’s performance.
	But watching two performances of the same kind is very boring.
	Jenny and Sky are both just actresses, so it is unnecessary to ask them to have too much innovative consciousness. Therefore, as for this interview, it's first come, first served.
	Sky knows its way well, so she finds an excuse to get it first.
	Andy stands aside, holding the cappuccino that her assistant buys, looking at Sky’s face. She looks a bit more aggressive than usual.
	Maybe she is wrong?
	“Please give me some pure music with a little enthusiasm.” Jenny’s voice interrupts her thoughts. Then, something let everyone dumbstruck.
	Although Andy vaguely guesses what Jenny is going to do, but Andy thinks that Jenny’s external image is limited. Thus, Andy thinks that she will not do such a thing.
	But when the black veil is torn to her waist by Jenny, Andy is very amazed.
	The pole is set firmly in the middle of the curtain. Wearing a high black veil and holding the pole with one hand, Jenny squats down and stands up slowly with her body in an S-shaped curve. At the same time, her other hand touches her chest along the curved thigh.
	All people there are surprised.
	It is a change from her pure image on the screen.
	With her sender legs hooking the steel pipe, she is like a black butterfly flying around the pipe, very enchanting and charming
	Jenny is very nervous, because it is her first time to perform such sexy dance in front of the camera. And the pole dance is not her specialty, but at the beginning of training, she learns it carefully so that she can do it easily. However, at that time, the company gives her pure image, so this skill is no longer used.
	Now she is forced to pick it up.
	A look of admiration comes into Andy's eyes.
	There is no creativity if the pure dance of the white swan gets together with the dance of the black swan. It is just the literal interpretation of the set of jewelry. But it will be different through putting the ultimate purity and the ultimate charm.
	That's soul searching.
	To her surprise, the black butterfly is not eye-catching, and she knows the meaning of the set of jewelry. After the end of the enchanting pole dance of the black butterfly, she spins with a jump, completes the fusion of enchanting and pure love, and then bends down to take a curtain call.
	There is a lot of applause.
	And Andy can't help clapping.
	Jenny is nervous, even if she hears such applause. Before signing the contract, any performance or feedback is not credible, for there are too much unknown in the future. No one knows whether someone comes to stop it.
	“We will inform you of the results after a meeting with the advertising department. Thank you both for your wonderful performances today.”
	After shaking hands with Sky, Andy turns to look at Jenny. She holds out her arms to Jenny to end the interview with a surprising hug.
	The results seem obvious.
	Andy obviously likes Jenny’s performance better.
	“If you are free tonight, why don't we have dinner together? Jenny can join us together.” Andy glances at Jenny.
	“No, I have to go back to the company and talk to Shawn first.”
	There was no need for her to join them. After refusing, she puts on her sunglasses and goes out alone.
	After Jenny leaves, Andy looks up and down Sky seriously instead of happily. She holds the arms and looks at Sky, “Can you tell me why you come back this time?”
	She does not know why the interview is added a person until she is told by her assistant. And this interview is arranged by herself. After getting more information about Jenny, she finds that Jenny is suitable for the spring and summer series jewelry of Eshmour. So Andy does not plan to set up any other test, and the swan's kiss is just a small test.
	She does not know the person who joins the interview is Sky.
	With her ability, she can even get the endorsement directly. But it seems strange that she will come to the interview.
	Sky touches the coat on her shoulder casually, but her eyes staring at Jenny’s figure, “I am tired of staying in foreign countries, and my grandpa has always hoped that I come back when he is alive, so I come back.”
	“Really?!” Andy says, leaning lopsided against a pillar. “You're just too lofty to admit that you come back for Luke.”
	“Andy, you think too much.”
	This word sounds unimportant, as if it is really others’ thought and there is nothing to do with herself.
	“Well?”
	Andy changes her position and stands more casually. “So, now you come back and become a competitor to Luke’s lover?”
	She is also a friend for many years with Sky, although not s good friend. But Sky has few friends and Andy knows her.
	When hearing the word “lover”, Sky feels surprised, and then she says deeply, “It is just a coincidence.”
	Before Andy continues to ask her some questions, Sky turns around in a full circle. And they stand away from each other half a meter. Sky seems to guard against something but does nothing.
	“Andy, I have something to deal with tonight, so I won't have dinner with you. And I'll treat you next time.”
	Andy knows Sky’s temper, looking at her peacefully, “Well, you just come back, how can you have some important things?”
	“Andy, sometimes you go too far. You and I are not really good friends, are we?”
	The woman in front of her stares at her with her big eyes, which seems to carry a trace of mockery.
	The sound of the high heels becomes farther and farther away until it disappears.
	The assistant carefully looks up and down at Andy's motionless face, “Andy, don't you get angry when she talks with you like that?”
	It is the first time for him to see that Andy is so polite to such a woman. Even though she is mocked, she is also not angry.
	Andy raises her eyebrows and glances at the muscular assistant who is standing by. “Being angry with women, you deserve to be single.”
	Looking at Andy’s leaving away, the assistant touches his head in a dazed way.
	What does it have to do with me being single?
	In the underground parking lot of the Eshmour Group, a silver-gray minivan is parked in a slightly dimly corner.
	A respectful voice sounds inside the car,
	“Mr. Lu, the driver says that he does not meet Sky when he is in the airport.”
Chapter 62 The Old Lover Returns(3)
	Jenny gets out from the elevator of the underground garage in high heels. And she has agreed with the driver to meet her here. She wears a mask and a hat and looks around for a long time. She is afraid of being found. Then she sees the familiar license plate number faraway.
	She is so happy that she walks fast towards the car.
	But then, she hears sounds from the elevator, as if someone is going to get off the elevator.
	Jenny worries that someone recognizes her, so she has to speed up the pace towards the car. Then, she feels her feet like filling lead and suddenly one leg becomes weak. Then she falls on the ground with her high heels spraining. And a dust raising behind her back.
	“Oh?” she hears a startled and familiar feminine shouting behind her.
	Jenny frowns and has no time to look back. She just gasps in pain and moves twice. It seems that she fails to stand up.
	She has been so tired the night before, and has just spent too much energy on the interview. So now some slight movements has made her legs limp and her knees hurt from the impact on the ground.
	There is a heat in her arm, and then a light force lifts her arm. “Are you all right?”
	The sound is so soft that anyone would have thought that the person must be a kind woman.
	But Jenny obviously feels that the person does not try hard to help her up. She is just touching her arm. She picks herself up from the ground by gritting her teeth painfully.
	At the moment when she is about to raise her head to say thank you, Jenny sees a familiar figure walking towards her in a hurry from the silver Maybach.
	“What’s wrong?”
	The cold sounds reverberate in the underground garage.
	Luke does not approach and Jenny can not stand firmly, but she feels that there is a kind of strength pulling her arms down.
	“Oh...”She hears a shouting and feels a pressure on her shoulder. Before she can stand stably, she is about to fall to the ground again.
	Instead of the expected pain, her arm is held firmly by a large hand. When she opens her eyes, the familiar smell of Luke has wrapped her. But what lets her surprised is that Luke's other hand holds around the slender waist of the woman.
	The woman, looking up, is both innocent and surprised, and shouts, “Luke...”
	The person who just pretends holding Jenny but finally wants Jenny to fall down again is Sky, a competitor of the endorsement of the Eshmour. Sky is a famous singer who belongs to Brilliant Entertainment. They do not talk with each other just now. But now in the underground garage, their opposing stances are very interesting.
	“Do you know each other?”
	Jenny asks hesitantly.
	Luke frowns and doesn't answer her. “Can you walk?”
	Jenny's best friend has a famous saying that is if a man doesn't directly answer your question, then he has a problem. If a man doesn't directly answer your question but raises another question, then he has a problem.
	Now the question is what the relationship between Sky and Luke is.
	Jenny suddenly regrets
	Looking at them standing together, she regrets that she had sex with Luke last night.
	Why does not she ask clearly?
	Doesn’t Luke have a childhood girlfriend abroad? And the woman is his first lover. They have misunderstanding so they separate. But now the woman comes back, and they get together again. Thus, Jenny becomes Luke’s another lover, which is a big joke.
	Luke frowns and looks accusatory.
	Jenny is about to speak, but is interrupted by a soft voice.
	“Do you know each other?” Sky asks, looking at Jenny and Luke.
	“Jenny is my company’s actress.”
	Luke’s answer let Jenny down.
	Does Luke want to avoid something deliberately to Sky? He does not want her to know that he has married her.
	All can be forgiven. If, as she thought, there was a time when Sky and Luke got together.
	“Both of you can talk with each other. I get in first.”
	She pulls her hand out of Luke's arms and tries to get into the car by herself.
	“No, you get hurt. Go to the hospital first.”
	Luke holds her shoulders and leads her toward the silver car.
	“Luke, I don't drive a car today and my agent hasn't come to pick me up yet. Can you give me a ride?”
	The soft voice becomes haunting.
	Jenny frowns, feeling that this woman has a purpose in approaching Luke.
	Should she now refuse Sky with the status of Mrs. Lu?
	She looks up at Luke's profile face, which is very sharp like a freshly sharpened knife. Before she can say something, Luke nods.
	The driver opens the copilot door, but Sky seems to not see it. She just sits in the back seat.
	“Jenny gets injured. It will be better for her to sit in the passenger seat.”
	Sky’s voice is very soft. But for Jenny, she sounds uncomfortable. But she does not know why she will feel uncomfortable.
	Fortunately, Luke feels that it is not safe for Jenny to sit in the passenger seat alone, so he put her in the back seat and sits in front alone.
	This arrangement is the best for him, but for Jenny, she is on tenterhooks.
	Sky just sits in the position behind Luke. She keeps talking on the way, who does not have any demeanor like other top singers. Instead, she looks like a neighbor sister. And they mention some of their childhood jokes and Luke looks very happy.
	The smile on his face is not usually seen.
	“Luke, do you remember there was a time when I played house games with Duncan in our military yard? All the boys in the yard didn't want to play with me. Only Duncan was willing to play with me...”
	When hearing the name of Duncan, Jenny becomes nervous.
	It is a taboo topic i n front of Luke. Is Sky too stupid to find that Luke has changed his facial expression?
	However, Luke does not give her any response. There is a deep faint light in his cold eyes, as if he has seen the distant past through a window glass.
	Then Jenny becomes more and more nervous.
	Others can not mention Duncan, but Sky can. They are like old friends who have not met each other for many years. And now they begin to miss each other. In such situation, others can not join them.
Chapter 63 The Old Lover Returns (4)
	When Jenny is in the hospital to deal with the wound, Sky still keeps talking with Luke. And it is the driver who helps Jenny to complete the whole wound treatment process. Jenny feels that she does not have any chance to talk with them and that she also does not want to say anything. However, hearing that Sky wants to visit Luke’s grandma, Jenny feels surprised.
	“Luke, I just come back. I think I should go to visit your grandma. How about today?”
	Luke pauses for a moment, “You should go back to your apartment to pack up your things. What’s more, you’re going to sign a contract with Brilliant Entertainment tomorrow. When you've got everything in order, then you can go to visit her.”
	Jenny does not expect that Luke will refuse her. And the reason for the refusal is so unconvincing.
	She can not help looking at Sky's face.
	She is indeed a top singer. It can not be found any different feeling on her face. “Ok, I Just some back and I even do not take a shower. So please send me back to the apartment. And thanks again for helping me find this apartment.”
	It seems to imply something.
	Jenny frowns, takes out earphones from her bag, plugs them into her mobile phone, plays music, leans back in her chair and slowly closes her eyes.
	Jenny thinks that there is nothing to do with her no matter what they talk about.
	Luke looks in the rear-vision mirror, which reflects Jenny sleeping sweetly on a backseat sofa. She seems indifferent to what is going on around her. Luke feels a little bit upset.
	“I buy your grandmother's favorite perfume from abroad, and I'll bring it some other day.”
	Sky’s voice falls into Jenny's ears through the earphone.
	Jenny only listens to the music for two seconds, then she put her hand into her pocket and turns on the phone into silent mode. She does not know what happens to her. She just feels uncomfortable to listen to their chat openly. So now she does it secretly.
	“By the way, Luke, why don't you take Jenny home first? Isn't it a waste of her time?”
	“No.”
	“All right,” Sky says, smiling sweetly and looking kind and innocent, “If I has known she is an actress of your company in the interview just now, I will not compete with her, for the endorsement is not very important for me. And if you have told me before, I will not go to the interview.”
	When hearing her such words, Jenny feels very angry.
	What does Sky want to do?
	What a strange childhood friend of Luke?
	Is it great to grow up in the same military area courtyard?
	It is not easy to send Sky back to the apartment. Now, she asks Luke to help her deal with her luggage. She says that it is hard for her to move the heavy luggage. Then, they have been in the apartment for half an hour.
	Her teeth are chattering as she waits impatiently in the car
	Last night Jenny was called a babe in bed, but today Jenny seems to be a stranger for him. Amelia says that all men are animals with lower body thinking, which is absolutely true.
	Then, Luke goes into the tidy apartment.
	Sky puts down the key, goes to the kitchen to get the coffee that the servant prepares, “I ask the servant to prepare it, and it's still hot. It will be better for you to drink something to get rid of the cold.”
	Sky pretends being coquettish before Jenny, but now her manner is normal.
	Luke glances at her and the coffee.
	“What's the matter?” Sky frowns, “Are you afraid of being poisoned?”
	Then Luke smiles faintly and takes a sip from his coffee cup.
	It is good.
	“Why do you do that just now?”
	Luke asks coldly.
	Sky feels surprised. Then thinking of what she has said and done just now, she says, “If you get together with other women before, I also do that. But why can’t I do that now in front of Jenny?”
	Even after for a while, Luke does not reply.
	No matter what Luke answers, it will be embarrassing.
	“Luke, are you sure to get married Jenny?”
	“Yeah.”
	Such a simple answer is like a heavy stone on Sky.
	She keeps silent for a while. And she holds the coffee cup tightly.
	Then, she smiles, “It seems that you figure it out?!”
	Luke raises his head, looking at Sky.
	“Well, I think I need to thank my future sister-in-law,” Sky says, “Don't blame me to do so just now. After all, you are my brother, and you will be robbed by another woman, so I feel a little bit uncomfortable!”
	“Only uncomfortable?”
	“And a little bit jealousy.” Sky says, raising her arms, kneading his index finger and thumb together and winking her eyes, like a cute girl, “Now you have girlfriend, but I am still a leftover woman.”
	"The average man is not worthy of your conditions."
	Then, Luke stands up, “I've finished my coffee. And I have other things to do. No matter what you need, just call Lilian.”
	“I will.”
	Sky does not ask him to stay for a long time. She takes the coffee cup and sends Luke to the door, “Please help me to greet Jenny. I may have offended her in the interview. Please let it go.”
	“She is not a narrow-minded person.”
	Luke stands in the elevator, and just before the door closes, he says the word.
	Looking at Luke’s figure disappearing in the elevator, Sky feels lonely. Her smile ossifies on the face for a long time. She does not look like sad or happy, but feels uncomfortable.
	Isn’t she a narrow-minded person?
	It is afraid there won't be a woman who is still happy if seeing her man getting together with another woman,
	Perhaps, Luke does not know women.
	When Luke is about to get on, Jenny on the bus seems to rip out the leather seat cover, but just before he gets on, she pretends to be indifferent and pretends falling asleep.
	“Falling asleep?” Luke frowns.
	A driver in the driver's seat shakes his head.
	She’s awake.
	Luke turns to look at Jenny’s sleeping expression, reaches out his hands and pinches her cheek.
	She doesn't have a fashionable awl face, but has a fat face.
	“Oh, don't pinch my face. I'm already fat enough. If I keep being fat, Shawn will force me to have a plastic surgery."
	Jenny can not bear his hand moving in her face.
	Fortunately, her face has not been plastic, or it will be scary by his pinching.
	“I just regard Sky as my sister. You think too much.”
	His cold voice spreads through the car.
	Then, Jenny does not say anything.
Chapter 64 Women’s Hearts
	“Why are you explaining it to me?”
	There was a thin, mosquito-like sound in the car.
	Luke lowers her head, avoiding Luke's gaze.
	She feels a little guilty. But she does not do anything. She just makes some stories about their childhood love.
	But Luke’s reaction is somewhat unexpected.
	“I think you need to hear it.”
	Luke’s attitude is a little tough, and he does not give Jenny any opportunity to defend.
	She wants to say something, but hesitates.
	In front of this man, her mind seems to have nowhere to hide. And no matter what she says and does, he always can see through it at a glance. What’s more, lying is difficult, the consequences of lying is difficult to deal with, so she just shut up.
	But thinking of what he has just explained, Jenny feels a little happy.
	“What kind of music do you listen to?”
	Luke suddenly approaches. And before she knows it, he takes an earphone from her ear and stuffs it into his ear.
	By the time she knows it, the car is filled with embarrassment for several seconds.
	Luke slowly puts down his earphone and looks up at Jenny with a half-smile.
	There's no sound in the earphones, is that self-deception?
	“I just turn off the music.” Jenny blushes and snatches her earphone cord from Lu's hand.
	Luke keeps smiling.
	It means that Jenny hears what they talk about.
	George is a playboy, but he knows women very well.
	All women are dishonest, and so is Jenny.
	Then Jenny has to mention this topic again.
	“If you want to ask me something about Sky, I'll be happy to answer you.”
	“No.”
	“Really?”
	Luke changes his position and sits more casually in the minivan, with his whole upper body leaning on the leather seats. His cool eyes glance at Jenny's delicate cheeks.
	When looking at her big eyes, Jenny avoids his eyes deliberately
	After a moment, Jenny says softly, “Well, let me think about it.”
	...
	On the flight from Australia to China, a girl in blue jeans and a yellow flecked down vest takes off her sunglasses. Then she finds her position, and slowly takes off her coat and stuffs it into the luggage rack. And then she moves her neck and sits down.
	The girl puts up a bun hairstyle. After taking off the sunglasses, she reveals a soft cute face. And her clear eyes look very innocent. She seems to be inexperienced.
	“My dear, I just get on the plane. I send you the flight number. Please come and pick me up."
	She has a sweet voice, which makes people very comfortable. There are many young men inside the plane who turn back frequently and look her twice in a friendly and kind way.
	She had just turned off her phone when a gentle man greets to her, “Hello.”
	She looks up at the man next to her. The man is in a flamboyant holiday jumpsuit, with the tawny hair perfectly manicured.
	In her opinion, such man is either a playboy or gay.
	She answers coldly, and then puts on her sunglasses. Close her eyes to take a rest is the friendliest response she can give him.
	“Are you Chinese? Can you speak Chinese?”
	A beauty is not actually proud, but being proud is a good way to keep away from somebody.
	And this is George's interpretation of female's psychology.
	Obviously, this cute woman is also a beauty, though it is better to say that she’s cute.
	“NO”
	It is a much colder answer.
	George hesitates for a moment. He thinks that the prejudice seems to be a little bit strong.
	“If you're in a bad mood, I'm happy to be a listener.”
	He replies in English. And his pure Cockney sounds gentle and lively.
	But the girl pulls down her sunglasses on her nose and glares at him. “No one thinks you're dumb if you don't talk.”
	Then, the words he wants to say are stuck in his throat.
	It is the first time that George meets such a embarrassing situation.
	Is it so hard to pick up girls on the plane these days?
	Then George hears a chuckle. He is so keen that he can feel that the chuckle comes from a charming beauty.
	She turns around and finds a beautiful woman.
	Sitting across the aisle in a row with George, a sexy woman in a Burgundy hip-hugging dress shows off her sexy figure.
	She touches her long hair with one hand and smiles, but she does not look at George. She looks seductive.
	“The little girl may be tired. How can you bother her?”
	Such voice is so sweet.
	George shrugs his shoulders indifferently, and looks at the beauty, “I do not know whether you are willing to be disturbed by me?”
	“A sixteen-hour journey must be very boring. So it is not a bad idea to chat.”
	“What a pity." George sighs.
	The beauty feels curious, but keeps smiling, “What’s wrong?”
	“It is a pity that I can’t talk with you after sixteen hours.
	Clearly, George is not a gay, he is a lover.
	Then the woman laughs. They pick up the goblet across the aisle, and bang it, which clangs clearly.
	George is not a person who loves challenges, so he does not care about being treated coldly by the cute girl.
	Not everyone in this world like himself. And he can accept such fact more frankly than anyone. Besides, he will prefer getting together with those who like him.
	He sits near the plane window. Then he closes his eyes and smiles in a mocking way.
	Such men are everywhere. Every two days someone can meet a flirtatious and dissolute man. This kind of man relies on his own money, and thinks that all women can easily hook up.
	It's a shame that she has to breathe the same air with this guy on a 16-hour plane.
	...
	It is late when Jenny and Luke return to the Flower House.
	Mrs. Lu is still dozing on the sofa. She is covered with a blanket, and can be seen from a distance as soon as they come in.
	“Young master, it is so good that you come back. There is soup simmering in the pot. And I go to fetch it to Young madam.”
	It is not suitable to say such word at that time.
	Jenny has not taken off his coat when she comes in. And Mrs.Lu is sleeping on the sofa, and Luke has not changed his shoes. It was rather rash to urge Jenny to drink soup without doing anything.
	Luke turns to be serious. Jenny fears that he would blame the servant and that his grandma will be woken up, so she says something.
Chapter 65 Taking a Shower is a Problem
	“Your grand is waiting for us?” Jenny says in a hurry so that she can be heard clearly.
	The servant understands what Jenny means and nods hurriedly, “Mrs. Lu is very stubborn. She insists on waiting for you to come back to drink the health soup. If you drink it earlier, Mrs. Lu will go to rest earlier.”
	“I see,” Jenny looks at Luke helplessly, “It's not to blame them. I come back too late tonight. And in the future, I will come back earlier.”
	“How do you know that I'm going to blame them?”
	Luke looks at Jenny.
	Jenny shrugs. "It's quite normal. I've been living in the Flower House for almost two months. You usually turn to blame the servants in such situation.”
	“Usually? How many times have you seen?”
	Luke asks seriously.
	In his memory, he seldom talks to the servants. What’s more, there is a housekeeper in the house, and it is the housekeeper who teaches the servants.
	Jenny waves, "Let it go. I go upstairs first, and you go to ask your grandma to go back to the room to rest. Please don't tell her about my knee.”
	Luke looks at her bandaged knee.
	She is so careful today. Though she is reckless, she cares about Mrs.Lu so much.
	Jenny goes upstairs. But Luke stands at the top of the stairs for a while, making sure that the servant takes Jenny upstairs and goes into the bedroom. Then hearing the movement of the sofa in the living room, he walks in with quick steps.
	Squinting, Mrs. Lu takes off her reading glasses and yawns at him.
	“Have you had your meal? Don't you say you would come back for dinner this evening?”
	When mentioning this topic, Mrs.Lu feels unhappy.
	"We have had dinner outside. And Jenny is so tired that I ask her to go upstairs first and drink the soup before going to the bed. And now I will help you go back to your room to have a rest."
	“Well? Why doesn’t she come to see me today when coming back?”
	Mrs. Lu doubts, “Do you lie to me? Does Jenny come back with you?”
	Luke sighs helplessly. "Ling sends Jenny upstairs. If you don't believe me, please wait for Ling to come down to ask her.
	“I want to see her by myself. She has been outside for a whole day. I have to make sure that my grandson is safe.” Mrs.Lu puts down her reading glasses, and wants to stand up and goes upstairs.
	“Now, you have a grandchild and don't love me anymore?!”
	Mrs.Lu shakes when hearing his such words.
	How many years has she not heard such words from Luke?
	Although the tone is still cold, but the last time he said such pyrotechnical words is at his childhood when getting together with his brother. At that time, Luke asked her whether she preferred his brother because his brother was more excellent.
	“All right, all right, I give in. Now you're jealous of your wife.”
	She is so relieved now. for so many years, she’s afraid that her precious grandson would be lost in the shadow of the past.
	Now it seems that Jenny helps change him a lot.
	The night wind blows lightly against the windowpanes.
	Jenny sits in front of the bathtub, felling puzzled at her injured legs.
	I'm afraid it's difficult to have a good bath.
	Her legs can't touch the water, but today she has my hair set, so she must have hair washed. What’s more, and she is sweating all over when she dances. What a upset thing it is.
	Just wondering, she hears the sound of opening and closing door. The footsteps sound heavy.
	She feels nervous and then goes to check the bathroom door latch.
	Fortunately, it's closed.
	She has just taken off all her clothes after a hard struggle, and now she was naked sitting in a chair waiting for pouring enough water into the bath. It will be very embarrassing if he comes in suddenly.
	Somebody is knocking at the door
	The knocking at the door scares her, and the cold sound makes her nervous
	“It is inconvenient for you to take a shower because of your injured legs. Please open the door and let me help you.”
	Hearing his wards, Jenny casually pulls a towel to cover her chest. She feels that she has been seen the whole body through the glass door. She is so nervous that she even stammers, “No... No, I can do it myself.”
	“Are you sure?”
	“I...” Jenny hurried to open the shower head to wash the clear and excessive sound at the door. But, for a moment, she forgets that she is a disabled person now. Then, she falls down from the chair and slips on the cushions.
	Fortunately, she falls on the soft mat. Otherwise, not only the legs, but also the buttocks will be hurt.
	She gasps in pain and can't say a word.
	“What’s wrong with you?”
	The knocking at the door is much louder, and Jenny does not answer.
	After a while, there is a sound of a key in the lock. Then, Jenny sees a pair of gray slippers in front of her and looks up at Luke’s face.
	“Ah...” The screams fill the bedroom. She tries to tug the white towel to block key parts of her body. But she fails to cover both her chest and pubic department. She is so nervous at that time.
	Luke doesn't say anything, but picks her up from the ground and holds her in his arms.
	There is a sound of urgent footsteps at the door, “Young madam, how...”
	But Ling does not finish what she wants to say and her words sticks in her throat.
	Looking from the bathroom door, Jenny is naked, like a frightened bird. She is wrapped in Luke’s wide elbow. They seem to play with each other.
	It is not good to come out at this time.
	Ling suddenly covers her eyes, and turns to run outside while explaining, “Young lady, I don't see anything.”
	Go on?
	If it weren't for the pain in her butt, she would have to explain to Ling.
	She is really innocent.
	“Let go of me...”
	“Let go and you fall again. Even if the cushions are thick enough, I believe that your tail-vertebrae can’t hold up as well.”
	“I can take a shower by myself.”
	“But I do not think so.”
	Luke looks at the chair and puts her on it. Looking at Jenny trying to cover her body with the white towel, Luke frowns, “I have seen your whole body before, so it is meaningless to cover it now.”
	Then, Jenny becomes angry when hearing his words. If they did not have sex last night, she will not in such bad state and will not break her legs.
	Luke should be responsible for all of these.
	“I do it by myself. The wound should not touch the water and I just wipe my body.”
	Jenny refuses to touch her with a firm attitude.
	Jenny thinks that last night she fulfilled the duty as Mrs. Lu, so she hopes that Luke can let her go tonight.
	She feels worried and nervous.
	Luke looks at her clutching her shoulders and turns to leave the bathroom, saying, “If you need help, just let me know.”
	Looking at him leaving, Jenny breathes a sigh of relief. Then she wets the towel and carefully wipes her body several times. Finally, she sits on the chair in her pajamas and worries about something.
	What about the hair?
Chapter 66 Being Good at Washing Hair
	She can't just squat down. What if she sits down, and lowers her head into the bathtub, the water will drip to her knees?
	Luke is sitting on the sofa in her bedroom drinking tea. Then, Jenny stretches out her head. After hesitating for a long time, she smiles reluctantly and says, “Well, do you have plastic bags?”
	“What do you want to do?”
	“I want to wrap my knees...If not, something waterproof will be ok.”
	Jenny tries to keep smiling. In fact, her wound is not serious, but the female actress is afraid of scars, so she has to be careful now and do not touch the water.
	If she wraps her knees in a plastic bag or cover them with a waterproof cloth from thigh to knee so that she doesn't have to be worried when lowering her head to wash her hair.
	“No,”
	But Luke tells her that he does not know plastic bags at home.
	“It’s impossible. Then I will ask Ling to give me one.”
	“It’s too late. And the servants fall asleep.”
	Luke closes the book and looks at her meaningfully. "I have a better offer."
	“What?” Jenny looks up at him.
	Her eyes are so innocent that people can’t help to protect and love her.
	“Let me help you.”
	Standing in the door of the bathroom, Jenny smiles in an embarrassed way.
	“Well...I do not want to trouble you.”
	“It does not matter.”
	When he finishes this word, he goes to stand in front of Jenny and he tries to stop her closing the door. Then he enters into the bathroom, looking around the bathroom and seeing the clean towels on the shelf.
	Three minutes later, after the water in the bathtub comes out, Jenny is lying in the empty bathtub. Her head is propped up by two sets of folded bath towels, resting on the edge of the bathtub. Her long black hair was in the hands of Luke, just put into the transparent plastic basin, floating on the water. Then Luke puts her long black hair into a clear plastic basin.
	Jenny shivers as warm water flows down her hair from the hairline.
	Luke is so gentle that she feels tingling.
	“Is it ok?”
	“Use a little bit more force...”
	She is biting her teeth to say that words and she feels her courage commendable tonight.
	Now she feels comfortable.
	At the beginning, she closes her eyes. But later, she can not help to open one of her eyes to peep at him, and she finds that he is less than 20 cm away from her. Now Luke is washing her hair carefully.
	Luke is such a great president worth billions of dollars, but helps her wash her hair.
	Just thinking about it, she feels very lucky.
	“Mr. Lu, have you worked in a shampoo shop before?”
	The moment the question is asked, she regrets it.
	“Jenny, do you have a problem with your mind? Why do you ask such a question?”
	“No,”
	The answer, which is entirely predictable, is too cold.
	The atmosphere becomes even more awkward than it has been at first.
	Perhaps Luke is aware of this, then he suddenly adds, “In the army, I help wash my comrades' hair.”
	Jenny, of course, will not miss such good opportunity to begin a new topic, and she suddenly feels that the topic about the army saves her.
	“Because you often get hurt, so all of you help each other?”
	“No, at that time, I was very young in the army, so I often took turns in the army. And the army had their hair cut regularly every month. Thus I was called in to help.”
	“But isn't your grandfather a general? How can they ask you to do these things?”
	“Dead people are just a harvest of loess.”
	His words make Jenny very surprised. She thinks that Luke should respect his great grandfather, but his tone seems not to care about his grandpa’s great achievement.
	“Isn't your father a major general? I think he's the head of your army. And as the chief's son, you should get special treatment...”
	Jenny just asks casually.
	Suddenly, she stops.
	Does she say something wrong?
	“Your father...”
	“Don't mention him...” Luke interrupts. Then, he hurries to clear the foam from her hair, wraps her hair in a towel, and walks straight out of the bathroom.
	Jenny sits up from the bathtub, looks at the door and frowns.
	Luke and his father must have a problem. Last time when she mentions his father, his attitude is also like this.
	Although he is not angry with her, his attitude makes her feel strange.
	But now she thinks that if it is mentioned by Sky, what will Luke do? And of cause, Jenny does not know why she will think of Sky.
	Luke is sitting on the sofa reading a book. He frowns and looks unhappy. Then, Jenny feels sorry to mention such unhappy topic.
	Holding a towel above her head, she takes a hairdryer from one side and limps over.
	“Professional washers are also responsible for blow-drying guests' foreheads, Mr. Lu.”
	She tries to ask him. And she is ready to be rejected by him.
	“Come on.”
	Luke answers coldly, puts down the book in his hand and takes the hair dryer from Jenny.
	The hair dryer is whistling, and neither of them says anything.
	“If you don't want to mention your parents, I will not mention them in the future. I apologize for my careless words.”
	“...”
	“I know you are good to me. And I don't have many friends in China. So even if we are not couple, I will get along well with you as friends."
	“...”
	“If you have any taboos, you can tell me earlier. You are always quiet, so I can't understand what you are thinking. It's better to communicate simply, right?”
	As if she is talking to herself, for she says a lot, and in the end she is incoherent.
	She just feels that people in a bad mood can not be silent, and that it will be better to listen to others to say something soft, so she doesn't care about it. Besides, she just talks.
	“Are you listening to me?” Jenny hesitates for a moment. She hopes that Luke can reply him.
	“Well.” Luke answers.
	“Is there anything you taboo that I shall not mention in the future?”
	Besides his parents and brother, Jenny does not know other taboos about him.
	The sound of the hair dryer stops abruptly, and Luke’s hand moves through her casually lowered arms and slowly holds her waist. “The word even if we are not couple, it sounds like a taboo," he says coldly.
Chapter 67 My Husband is Different from Others
	Jenny feels that something is suddenly stuck inside the throat. She wants to say something more, but is interrupted by Luke.
	It is not the first time that she meets such experience. Luke either doesn't say anything, or he says something amazing.
	She is just analyzing all the possibilities. After all, he is really good to her and she respects him even if they do not get married.
	Obviously, what Luke wants is not the respect.
	“You are my rightful wife, and you ought to know what to say and do. In terms of work, I don't care about what you can do outside, but this is our home.”
	After hearing these words, Jenny feels ashamed of herself. But when she hears the latter sentence, she feels restless.
	“I want you to take the initiative in fulfilling your duties as a wife.”
	It seems a perfectly normal sentence, but suddenly the strength in her waist tightens, and the breathing coming from her shoulder spreads a scent peculiar of him.
	Jenny feels that her upper body is stiff.
	To tell the truth, she is not very used to such intimacy.
	She has used up all her hints the night before, and feels too tired to say anything.
	“Well, I am hurt,” she says, trying to fight out of his warm chest.
	“It doesn't matter. Today you just have to lie down.”
	It is not easy for Jenny to fight out of his arms. Now, Luke holds her in his breast again. And Jenny wants to fight against him, but finally touches his chest.
	His chest muscles are elastic. Shouting loudly, Jenny’s face turns red, feeling embarrassed, and she does not know where to put her hands.
	Before Jenny can react, Luke holds her in his arms and walks towards the bed.
	“Stop...No...” Jenny struggles. The traces of last night's struggle are still there, and the lower body is still very painful. She almost can’t walk today.
	Luke puts her slowly on the big bed. Then Luke raises her wrists together high above her head and pressed them on the bedside mat. His knee is on her waist. At this time, it can not be found that what he wants to do.
	“What do not you want?”
	“I feel hurt...” Jenny chokes up.
	It really hurts.
	She has to admit that Luke's physiology is too strong, and she does not make love with other men before, so she doesn't know whether men are the same, but Luke’s genital is really large. However, she feels painful last night, so she can not enjoy it.
	He frowns, “It still hurts?”
	Only half her delicate face is visible in the yellow light, and she feels panic and nods hesitantly, “Yeah.”
	Luke frowns for a few minutes.
	Last night he had been patient and careful not to hurt her, but he had inevitably left many traces of pain.
	“Let me see.”
	Hearing this, Jenny is so scared. She almost pushes Luke away with all strength, “No...No need.”
	She stammers when she opens her mouth, with her quilt over her chest.
	“What are you looking at? How can you see it?”
	Why is he so serious?
	“If you feel painful, you need to go to the hospital.”
	Hearing this, Jenny feels that her brain is going to explode.
	“Go to the hospital?”
	She can help looking at Luke, and says something without hesitation.
	“Are you kidding? Go to the hospital and say what? Am I injured in some indescribable way because my husband is different in some way?”
	Perhaps her words are too bold, and Luke looks at her seriously.
	“I mean...I mean...” Jenny hesitates for a while. Then she closes her eyes and says, “I mean that it's nothing serious, just there...It's just...a little bit...swollen. So there is no need to go to the hospital...”
	It turns red and swollen. When she gets up in the morning and goes to the toilet, she feels so painful when she pees. And she can even feel her calf shaking when she sits on the toilet.
	So it is scary to think about that thing now.
	Luke reaches out his hands and touches her hair. “What did you just say?”
	Jenny winces for a moment, half squinting at Luke, and feels a little embarrassed. After a while, she stumbles and repeats.
	“My pudendal is swollen...”
	“The first sentence.”
	“Go to the hospital...”
	“And then...”
	He is different in some way?
	Jenny doesn't understand what Luke is asking.
	“What do you call me?”
	Luke squints slightly and leans over her. Now Luke is closer to Jenny.
	Jenny feels that her mind has stopped running now. And she seems to remember what she has just said.
	“You call me husband?”
	“No. I believe I...?” She smiles and tries to cover up what she has just said.
	“Then call me again.” Luke's voice is so magnetic, as if a little spoiled, coaxing her to say it again.
	Jenny is usually very brave. And now perhaps she can regards calling Luke honey or dear as a joke, but calling Luke husband is really difficult for Jenny.
	So why exactly does she call him husband?
	“What are you talking about?” She turns her head away from his eyes.
	“If you don’t, you may choose to introduce me to the doctor.”
	“You...”
	Jenny has nothing to say.
	Luke is good at bullying the weak woman.
	“Dear...”
	She makes a muffled shout in the pillow.
	“Yeah.”
	Luke turns over and exhales slowly, seemingly enjoying himself.
	“Again.”
	“Dear...” Someone has to bow his heads under the eaves.
	Jenny hints herself.
	“One more time”
	“Almost...Is that all right, Mr.Lu?” Jenny is a little bit unhappy, “Is it interesting to bully me?”
	Luke bents his arms and sits up slowly. He says in a soft and friendly way, “If you do not want to call me dear, you can call my name directly.”
	“What else?”
	“No.”
	“What about calling me honey?”
	“Yes, as you like.”
Chapter 68 Gossip is a Fearful Thing
	The last two conversations are as quick as if they have been arranged.
	Jenny can not help laughing out loud.
	“Well.”
	She thinks of the time when she is forced to call him darling by her grandmother in front of the servant, and immediately covers her face and rolls away laughing, trying not to laugh and says, “Well, I can't do it.”
	Luke sits on the bed, seeing her shoulders trembling. Then he can not help bending down to touch her little head. And he comes closer and kisses her on the forehead.
	“Close your eyes and have a sweet sleep.”
	Although her hair covers her forehead, she can feel his kiss. She quietly grabs the corner of the quilt for a long time and says nothing. Hearing the water sounds from the bathroom, she feels that her heart beating faster.
	The scent of his body is all over the sheets, and the faint tobacco mingles with the scent of a man's perfume, as if it is the scent of sleep that drives her into a deep sleep.
	In a daze, as if someone embraces her from behind and says some parting words as sweet as too much. She sleeps very soundly, dreaming that she is standing on the stage of the Golden Bell award to receive the award, and that people below are applauding.
	It is a sweet dream.
	Then she wakes up, and the sun fills the room. When she wakes up, Luke is not there. Later, she goes to open the wardrobe, she finds a lot of clothes are missing.
	“Ling,” She turns back to the servant who is making the bed, “where's your young master? Does he go to work?”
	Ling feels surprised and answers, “He doesn't talk to you last night?”
	Jenny confuses.
	“Young master flies to Beijing this morning, and he probably will be back in two days.”
	Luke does not say to her before.
	Why does Jenny feel disappointed?
	Look at her disappointment, Ling thinks she makes a mistake and hurriedly explains, “Perhaps Young master forgets to tell you. Anyway, he will come back after his mother's birthday.”
	His mother’s birthday?
	Luke’s mother, Mandy, is always call Mrs. Mandy.
	Jenny looks up at Ling, unable to smile, “His mother’s birthday?”
	Ling feels that she is making things worse, and hastily adds, “Don't think too much, madam. Young Master never takes anyone with him to fly to Beijing for his mother’s birthday every year, nor does Mrs. Lu. Young master has a bad relationship with his father, so he always goes back reluctantly, and only once a year.”
	Jenny waves her hand, indicating that Ling does not need to go on, “It's ok. And there is no need to explain. Because I have only been here for more than a month, there is no reason to fly to Beijing with Luke.”
	Jenny feels lost probably because Luke's mother has a friendship with Yuky, and she wants to get close to Lu's family. Now it seems that it is more difficult than before.
	First of all, Luke has no intention of taking her to meet his parents.
	Ling thinks that Jenny is angry, and she blames herself for saying the wrong words. She is thinking about whether she should tell Mrs. Lu.
	While having breakfast, Mrs. Lu asks Jenny some questions about the wedding.
	What kind of wedding does she want? Is it Chinese style or Western style? Is it held in the indoor hotel or on the outdoor lawn? Is there anyone in her family who needs to send invitations or something?
	Jenny is obviously absent-minded and answers her questions casually with a nod, without any substantive comments.
	“By the way, there may be some problems with Luke’s parents,”
	Hearing this, she suddenly comes to her senses and looks at Mrs. Lu, “What's the matter?”
	“You also know Luke's father is busy and that it is not easy for him to be free at ordinary times. Some time ago, he called me and said that the army was doing a big war exercise in these six months. Thus, it is estimated that the army can only ask for leave to come back to attend the wedding after the exercise is over.”
	Grandma helplessly shakes her head, and continues, "So I didn’t agree to send him to the army, but my husband does not think so. Now Luke’s father is in the army all the year so that it is so difficult for us to meet him. What a pity.”
	“It's all right. I'll stay with you.”
	Jenny most hates her sighing. Every time Mrs. Lu mentions her children, Jenny feels pitiful.
	Mrs. Lu has two sons and a daughter. Luke's father is the eldest son, who grows up in the army and is cold, colder than Luke. And the second son is a businessman, but died because of the car accident, leaving a son and a daughter. Now they immigrate to overseas, and the daughter now is in abroad to do scientific research and rarely comes back.
	Actually, it is a prosperous family, but there is no firework inside the house, leaving the old lady alone at home.
	“You are the most sensible, and I like you. At the beginning, I have regarded you as Luke's wife.”
	Mrs. Lu holds Jenny's hands and the wrinkles around her eyes become much clearer.
	“Well, I know you are so good to me.”
	Jenny tilts her head with a sly look.
	"Sure, I really like you. Since you came here, it's more like a home. Therefore, you are the best choice for Luke. When Luke comes back from Beijing, you guys should go to pick up your wedding clothes.”
	Mentioning Beijing, Jenny looked a little upset.
	She hears the servants’ chatter before the breakfast. She does not know whether those words are true or not, but she feels unhappy.
	“Mrs. Lu, before the wedding, Luke's parents have not seen me, is it unreasonable?”
	Then, she looked at Jenny quite seriously. “Jenny, do you hear anything from others?”
	There are so many servants in their house, so it is hard to avoid gossip.
	Jenny feels surprised that Mrs. Lu can know something just from her reaction. Mrs. Lu's intelligence is beyond her imagination.
	“I don't know which little girl is gossiping in the house. And I have asked the housekeeper to find out. Such a servant must be dismissed.” Mrs. Lu says seriously.
	“I've heard about it, but I don't take it to heart. I know it's just a rumor...”
	"I also know his mother. She is proud, but her character is not bad, and she is not easy to get along with. In a word, I dislike her most, or I would not refuse her to accompany me in the Flower House.”
Chapter 69 A Mother-in-law that is Hard to Get Along with
	Mrs. Lu's words surprises Jenny.
	She just hears that Luke's mother is not an easy person to get along with, but she does not expect that Mrs. Lu hates her so much
	“She despises everyone and you don't have to worry if she bothers you. Because she doesn't think anyone deserves Luke.” Mrs. Lu says with a smile, glancing over her belly, “What’s more, we have a talisman, and if she doesn't like you, we can tell her that you are pregnant.”
	Jenny subconsciously touches her flat stomach, and feels worried.
	There's nothing in it except the breakfast she just has.
	Mrs. Lu hopes that Luke can have a child, so she does not consider too much. But If Luke's mother is really difficult to get along with, Jenny worries that she will know the truth.
	It will be awkward.
	Jenny still does not know the result of the interview of the Eshmour. Jenny waits at home for two days and does not call the staff of the Eshmour. But Shawn feels that Jenny fails to get the opportunity of the Eshmour, so she hurriedly arranges for Jenny many audition opportunities.
	Shawn's arrangement lets her put the things of the Lu family aside. Shawn calls her in the morning that the company arranges two auditions for her, and that if the brand owner is satisfied, she can sign on the spot.
	She does not want to accept the advertisement so early, but the price offered by Shawn is so high that she can not refuse. After all, she had already rejected Shawn once before.
	Luke may have said something to his grandma, so Mrs. Lu doesn't stop her before going out. She just tells her to wear more clothes when she goes out, and asks her to change her high heels into flat shoes, and Jenny does as well.
	Jade Pictures has signed a number of actresses. Those actresses who stay in the company don't make any announcements, or are waiting to follow their predecessors to make announcements at any time. And the famous actresses usually don't show up in the company building.
	Except for Jessica.
	Just two days ago, she was photographed with Frankie in the same apartment. Although they did not stay for a long time, the media still sensationalized it, claiming that Jessica and her rich boyfriend staying together in the micro blog all night.
	That night, Jessica declares her love for her dear Frankie on her micro blog.
	"Honey, it's good to meet you.”
	The media are reactivated by Jessica’s new massage, and there are shouts again on micro blog.
	Jessica still has a large number of fans. Some fans find Frankie’s micro blog and leave various comments below. Some fans think he is not worthy of Jessica, but some sincerely wish them.
	After a vigorous day, Jenny scans her Micro blog and inevitably sees the top trending headlines.
	“I am so happy today with my new nails.”
	Jessica tweets at night in micro blog, with a picture of her own hand and a new grey-green nail, but more striking is a large, shiny diamond ring on her ring finger.
	Jenny feels surprised when looking at the massage.
	Are they going to get married?
	They are so fast.
	She puts down the phone, telling the driver that she wants to go to the company, and then closes her eyes to take s rest.
	It seems that people in the world can not be imagined. They seem to put on different masks.
	One of the scariest parts of growing up is that it trains a person to make masks.
	Then she arrives at the company. Only walking several steps, she finds a similar figure in front of her.
	It is Frankie. He wears a blue blazer and white trousers with maroon hair, still looking like a sunny boy. Then he seems to see Jenny. So he walks fast towards Jenny.
	Jenny frowns and looks down to pretend not seeing her.
	“Jenny,” Frankie calls Jenny behind her. Then he walks towards Jenny, “I have something to talk with you.”
	Jenny raises her head and looks around. She thinks that there are no reporters near the company. Then she feels relieved, takes off the sunglasses and says coldly, "What?"
	"I find Yuky's social communication net. And I am going to send it to you, but you should have set up a block of strange emails, so I couldn't send it out."
	This is what Frankie teaches her. After being an artist, she will inevitably encounter crazy fans or abnormal stalkers, so he sets up a protection wall for Jenny's email box that only friends can send emails to each other.
	When they just broke up, Frankie sent some "parting words" to her mailbox. She felt very annoyed and directly blocked him, so now, she can not receive any massage from him.
	“I see. I'll pull you back in later.”
	Jenny says coldly. In addition to the things of the Lu family, she seems to have nothing to talk about with him.
	Both of them walk towards the lift in silence.
	“Do you know the hot search on micro blog?”
	Frankie asks hesitantly.
	“Well.”
	“I don't give Jessica the ring. It's her new jewelry.”
	Jenny does not know why he is suddenly so anxious to explain it.
	Jenny is confused, feeling very ridiculous and looking up at him, “Why do you say this to me?”
	Frankie's steps stop. He just stands there quietly.
	The elevator comes, and Jenny goes directly into the elevator. She turns around and looks at him, then turns her head and says nothing.
	She doesn't ask if he wants to get on the elevator with her. She doesn't ask if he is busy today. She doesn't ask if he wants to have dessert after work.
	That's all in the past.
	Frankie looks at the elevator screen showing from the first floor to the fifth floor. And the elevator stops for a long time, but Frankie forgets to press the elevator button.
	“Frankie,” A sweet voice interrupts his reverie.
	Jessica comes over wearing high heels and a loose white wool coat. And she takes off her sunglasses to reveal her pretty face. “Why don't you press the elevator button?”
	She presses the elevator button and naturally takes Frankie's arm.
	Anyway, it is semi-public and she is not afraid of anything she wants to do, especially they are in the company now and everyone in the company knows about their relationship.
	For a moment, Frankie wants to pull back his hand, but when hearing Jessica's words, he suddenly drops his hand feebly and gives up the idea.
	“Dear, I make an appointment about the birth check, so can you accompany me to go to the hospital?”
	Jessica leans fondly on his shoulder. He nodded and hugged her into the elevator.
	“How about later in the afternoon? Several brand owners come to our company today to choose stars to endorse advertisements, so I need to go to the scene.”
	“What endorsement? Why don't I know?”
	Jessica asks with a frown.
	The company receives non-targeted endorsements and then assigns them to various departments, which select stars in order of seniority. Only those endorsements rejected by highly qualified actors are able to arrange for newer.
	“I'm going to give it to Jenny.” Frankie looks at Jessica guiltily.
Chapter 70 Cutting Remarks
	Inside the elevator, if Frankie now looks up at the opposite of the mirror, you can see that Jessica looks a little unhappy.
	Trying to control her mixed feelings, Jessica says with a smile, “For Jenny? I know you are good to Jenny, but she may not be willing to take it. Because she's turned down the endorsement of Eshmour.”
	Frankie’s frown is reflected in the mirror opposite the elevator. He replies gently and explains, "She does not want to rely on any relationship, so she refuses. And then Eshmour asks her to go through the interview process again, but I think Jenny will fail.”
	“If she doesn't want to rely on social connections, we shouldn't help her, and since you know her, if she knows that these endorsements are given by you, do you think she'll accept them?”
	Frankie sighs, “I does not use my right to give her any chance. In addition to her, the department will ask other newer to try the audition. The brand owner depends on who can accept endorsement.”
	“Stop.” Frankie frowns and interrupts Jessica, “I know that you may be angry with me, but...”
	“I do not know how to make up for Jenny. And you know that I have promise to take good care of Jenny.”
	Jessica lowers her head and grits her teeth, reluctantly smiling to keep relaxed, “It doesn't matter, I support you whatever you do, and I'm not a narrow-minded person."
	Although Frankie says so, everyone knows Jenny is the most potential artist in the company except Jessica. She is a rare talent in both appearance and ability. That is why she has no background, but the company had been willing to pay much to cultivate her.
	Jessica is obviously duplicitous.
	Frankie looks at Jessica’s delicate face at the opposite mirror inside and frowns.
	On the other hand, Jenny is being pulled to the conference room by Shawn to join the audition.
	I don't think you have a chance to take the advertisement of Eshmour. And The two ads are divided by Director Frankie. Although they are not such a high quality spokesmen, this kind of snack advertisement can easily help you increase your popularity. So you should cherish it. And if you do something like last time, I will not let go of you.”
	Shawn warns her, but Jenny is not angry either. She sticks out her tongue and looks cute. "Don't worry, Shawn.
	“I'm afraid you'll overdo it,” She says, stretching out her hand, bending her forefinger and tapping it on her forehead. “If you do it again, I will not care what you have to do with the big boss. I won't take you anymore.”
	“Sorry, Shawn. It is my fault last time.”
	Jenny takes Shawn’s hand and shakes it, acting like a spoiled brat, “If you don't take me, the company will have no one to take me, then I can only quit the entertainment industry.”
	Shawn is shaken out of her temper, then she looks relaxed. But she does not want Jenny to be relaxed, so she deliberately glares at her, “Hurry to the meeting room, it is useless to do anything in front of me? If you don't make a difference, the company will not give you chances, then it's no different from quitting the entertainment business.”
	Jenny smiles and says, “I'm going now.”
	Actually, she is very grateful for Shawn's help. After an accident happened in her family three years ago, she thought that she might never have the chance to act again. However, it is Shawn who gives her new chance.
	She loves acting. She loves being in front of the camera. She thinks that being in front of the camera is enough to experience life.
	Before entering the meeting room, she suddenly thinks of a question. Holding the door handle, she turns around and asks, “Shawn, shouldn't the company's endorsements be chosen by the seniors first? Why is it our turn?”
	Shawn keeps silent for a while. Actually, she suspects this problem, but thinking of the Eshmour endorsement, she is not willing to take this risk. Then she pats Jenny's shoulder, holding her hand to help her open the door, and says lowly, “Those predecessors are not willing to accept this kind of small endorsements, so it’s your turns.”
	Jenny wants to ask more questions, but Shawn has already pushed her into the room first, “Go quickly, everyone else is here.”
	In the meeting room, workers of the advertising department have not come, and two new female actresses are just sitting opposite. They have few chances to experience shooting besides the print advertising. Before Jenny goes in, they are excitedly chatting.
	The competition for Jenny is very simple.
	In contrast, it's unfair to them.
	For the market support of the goods, the brand will give priority to Jenny, rather than two unknown new actresses.
	Jenny takes a deep breath and receives the unfriendly glances from them.
	“Morning...” Jenny greets them politely and pulls out a chair to sit down.
	But her buttocks does not touch the chair, and she hears some sarcastic words, “Hey, isn't she Jenny? Why is she auditioning for this little commercial?”
	Jenny’s hands stiffen as she is holding the chair. She looks at those speakers in surprise.
	Christina, a new artist signed by the company, is a sophomore in the Film Academy. He is very beautiful and tall. He was discovered and signed by the company when he was a part-time fashion model.
	Christina, a new artist in the company, is a sophomore in the Film Academy. She is very tall and beautiful. She is discovered and signed by the company when she is a part-time fashion model.
	It is said that her family is rich. And now she belongs to the same broker with Jessica. So she looks down upon other new actresses.
	In her eyes, Jenny is just an unknown female artist who pretends to be lofty and pure in front of others and but corrupt in back. Although these are all hearsay, there is a definite competitive relationship, so she really has no interest in Jenny.
	She even hates her.
	“Since this opportunity is created by the department and everyone is new, they should come to join it.”
	Jenny looks around, and finds that only Christina and another girl in white are here.
	There are more than a dozen new actresses in the department, but only two women are here. Do they look down upon this kind of advertisement?
	“Well, What lofty words! Maybe everyone knows you're coming, but nobody dares to come except me.”
	“I do not understand what do you mean.” Jenny frowns.
	Christina deliberately says this. And does Jenny do anything to offend her?
	“You refuse the endorsement of Eshmour. But it's unfair to compete with us new artist for such a small endorsement. Jenny, are you worried that we will replace you in the bottom position of the company?”
Chapter 71 A Competitive Relationship
	She deliberately calls Jenny as “Jenny sister” because she wants all people know that she is younger than Jenny.
	Christina, a sophomore, is less than 20 years old. However, Jenny is also very young. She was admitted to the university in advance after receiving the Golden Bear Award at the age of 17. Later, although she went to study abroad with the help of others, her academic performance was indeed very good.
	She is now a master of Management.
	In fact, Jenny does not care about what she is called.
	“Since you call me ‘sister’, I must say something in my capacity as a sister.”
	Jenny pulls back her chair and sits down, “First of all, you and I are both new. If you think it is unfair to compete with me, you might as well ask your agent Tony whether the entertainment industry is a fair place or not.”
	“Second, rather than being clean but not being in the spotlight, I think that the negative publicity around me will be more likely to prejudice me in an audition. For it's a fair world.”
	“Third, if you want to keep talking about fairness with me, I think you can skip this audition. Then you can leave the company and go to the studio. There should be many directors or investors who will sign with you. And then you have a great chance to become famous. You are beautiful because god has blessed you, and is it fair for others to compared with you?”
	She pauses deliberately at each point to see Christina’s reaction, but Christian is clearly speechless and has no ability to argue back.
	Christina chokes her neck and opens her mouth several times. Finally, she just snorts, turns her head and angrily bangs on her mobile phone, as if she takes it as Jenny’s revenge.
	Jenny raises the corners of her mouth and smiles, not intending to quarrel with her.
	She does experience some ups and downs. Compared to Christina, social experience is her advantage. In the entertainment industry, if someone cares about fairness, he will be very painful.
	The planners of the advertising department of the Crispy Millet Food company are the first ones to reach the meeting room. They bring a pack of snacks. In such audition, actresses need to eat those snacks.
	It is simple for those three people. But the planners seem to be interested in Jenny much more.
	When waiting for the second brand dealer to come over, Christina has a cold face. “Your words are really pleasant to hear, but you seem to be better at grabbing the endorsement.”
	The girl in white next to her pulls her, lowering her head and saying something, and then she shuts up.
	Jenny leans back in her chair and closes her eyes, and she does not want to talk with them anymore.
	The next advertisement is soap advertisement. To tell the truth, the actresses of the company are not willing to accept this kind of advertisement, because usually they have to take off their clothes, which not only damage their pure image, but also degrade their endorsements.
	Christina is clearly not interested in the AD.
	But Jenny is very interested. She feels that soap is closer to her life than the snacks, which are not often eaten by female actresses.
	The director of Shulin daily advertising department personally comes to interview. Instead of asking them to use the soap, she asks them a few questions.
	“Do you usually use body wash or soap?”
	The girl beside Jenny answers softly, “Soap.”
	She replies so weakly that it can be known that she has been taught by her agent. Her answer is so official.
	Christina doesn't want to take the endorsement at all, and says, “Body wash.”
	The advertising director is a comely looking woman who looks as comfortable as soap. She does not have a pretty feature, but a comfortable silhouette.
	“And you?” She looks gently at Jenny.
	“I...” Jenny thinks about it for a few seconds and says, “My best memory of soap should be the scene when I was a child. At that time, the soap was soaked in the bathtub and then the bubbles were blown. Under the light, the bubbles were colorful and very beautiful. But now I am busy, so I prefer the shower gel.”
	There is a gleam of approval in the AD director’s eye. “That's a good idea. If we use it in our AD, we might have to pay you royalties.”
	“I think I’d prefer the endorsement to the royalties.”
	Jenny winks with a sly eye.
	The interview is so easy. At this point, it seems that Jenny can get two endorsements. Now it's up to the brand owner to go back to the meeting and discuss it.
	When she leaves the meeting room, Christina walks very fast with an angry look, as if she is going to complain to the agent in a hurry, while the girl named Ada stands behind, grabbing Jenny and saying carefully, “Christina is outspoken. Just forget it.”
	Jenny looks down at her coat sleeve which has been pulled. Then Ada quickly draws back her hand and apologizes, “I’m sorry.”
	“Well,” Jenny smiles and walks to the elevator side by side with her. “Is she your good friends?”
	Ada nods. “Well, we are college roommates and it is she that introduces me to come here.”
	Introduce?
	But is seems that Christina is not such a generous person.
	When they get to the elevator door and are about to get in, Christina’s voice suddenly comes out of the corridor next to them. “Ada, why haven't you followed me? We don't have time.”
	Ada says goodbye to Jenny in a hurry, and then runs to the stairway with her skirt in her hand.
	Jenny gets on the elevator and arrives at the sixth floor, which is her department office. Usually, there are not many people or actresses in the company. Christina, for example, will come only because of an audition. After the audition, they will go to do what they want and the company does not care about them.
	Then the elevator comes to the sixth floor.
	There is a loud bang and multicolored pieces of paper are suddenly scattered over her head.
	A group of people standing in front scare Jenny to almost fall down.
	“Well,” Daniel is a kind stylist of the company. He raises his arm and puts it on Jenny’s shoulder with his blue fingers in a playful smile. “Surprised? I prepare it especially for you.”
	Jenny is still in a state of shock. “Surprised? You......What are you doing?”
	“Well, don’t pretend. The staff of Eshmour calls us.” Michelle says. She has wine red hair.
	Eshmour?
	Jenny is confused. What call?
	“Jenny, Shawn will be proud of you this time. You are successful in taking the endorsement of Eshmour. Except Jessica taking Fan Nice’s endorsement before, you are the first female artist in the company to join in the first brand.”
	Daniel's voice was ringing in her ears.
	Sign with Eshmour?
Chapter 72 I don't Have a Good Temper
	Daniel is so unreliable that he rambles on for a long time without getting to any serious point. Finally, Shawn comes out and makes it clear.
	“I also do not expect that the advertising department of Eshmour calls us and says that Jenny has passed the last interview. You successfully get the endorsement of the jewelry of next spring and summer series. Their contract has been drawn up and will be signed next week.”
	Shawn’s major is broadcasting, so her pronunciation was very clear. Now Jenny
	understands it. But before she can give any respond, there is a round of congratulatory
	applause.
	“Well, Jenny, congratulations! Don't forget me. Now you get the endorsement of Eshmour. If there is something suitable for me, I will be grateful for your help.”
	Michelle blinks at her.
	Other actresses also echo.
	Jenny feels happy.
	Though she cannot promise, she finally nods to agree them. And those people in the company are very excited.
	While in the private rest area, a pair of bitter eyes looks through the blinds at Jenny, who is surrounded like a queen. She is jealous.
	Why is she so easy to get the endorsement of Eshmour? And what else can she depend on? Can she get it without the help of Luke?
	At the thought of it is just announced in the office, Jessica is very angry.
	Why do these men believe Jenny’s personality? Just because of her harmless face?
	Jessica is unhappy. She insists on tearing off Jenny’s mask to see what a terrible devil she is.
	Then, Daniel takes out the champagne hidden in the company's wine cabinet. They also order some dessert, and female colleagues in the studio eat a lot, but those female actresses just eat a little.
	Jenny never gets close with those people in the company before. But now those who come close to her because of the endorsement. And some of them must truly wish her. Because for their department, Jenny getting such a good endorsement is a huge promotion for the performance of the department, which is related to the year-end bonus, which means that Jenny indirectly raises their salary.
	Jenny thinks Michelle is actually a good girl. Because Michelle does not conceal her dream of being famous, frankly saying that her favorite is to make money. After drinking two cups of wine, her face turns red. Then she is leaning on others’ arms in a dizzy, and everyone laughs.
	“Jenny, you're rarely in the office, so you don't know her. She’s always funny, and when she’s drunk she’s even more of a flirt, a coquettish creature.”
	Daniel pulls her. Then she smiles at once and puts her hand on her forehead, “Yeah, that’s what I am. Some other time, you guys wanna see me do a striptease?”
	Jenny feels that if she is a man at the moment, she will fall in love with her.
	In Michelle's fan group, otaku male fans account for the vast majority. When the company arranges her to go out for the commercial performance, her agent is also prepared for her exposed clothes, her image positioning is to be a sexy lady. In fact, she usually wears very conservatively, and she often stays in the company, and wears casual sports clothes.
	What makes Jenny feel strange is that she should be very busy. But she doesn't make an announcement on the weekend. Why does she always like to stay in the company?
	When it is time to get off work, colleagues in the department pack up and punch in, but Daniel is called out take a photo, and Michelle is drunk so she is taken away by her friends. And Jenny packs up things, leisurely waiting for the elevator.
	The company goes off work at five o 'clock. Almost all the employees on other floors have left except the news media Department. When waiting for the elevator, the department comes out with a pair of familiar figures.
	Here is the department that Frankie is in charge of. Frankie is very responsible, and he is always the last one to go. As for Jessica, she is obviously waiting for him.
	The elevator rings, so Jenny quickly goes in and presses the button.
	Then Jessica exclaims, “Oh, here comes the elevator,” and presses the elevator button. The door, which has been closed, slid opens again.
	Jenny, with a flush on her face, stands leaning against the wall.
	Thinking that Jenny is in a good mood, Frankie does not want to bother her. Thus, he pulls Jessica, “Let’s wait for the next one.”
	“It’s not a private elevator. Why should she be alone?” Jessica enters in it unhappily, “If you want to wait for the next one, then I will go first.”
	“Jessica,”
	“Do you want to come in? If not, I go first. And Jenny is waiting.”
	Frankie frowns and goes in the elevator.
	The elevator door closes slowly.
	Frankie hesitates for a moment, and can’t help saying, “I heard that Eshmour has decided to sign a contract with you, so congratulations, Jenny.”
	Jenny keeps silent for a moment and replies, “Thank you.”
	Jenny keeps her eyes fixed on the mirror and looks straight over as if they are not in the elevator.
	“You might get those two endorsements in the afternoon, and this year you do a good job.”
	Frankie tries to ease the atmosphere, so he adds.
	However, Jenny does not reply him, seeing that the elevator is coming to the first floor, and she just wants to get away from them.
	Jessica frowns and looks at Jenny in the mirror, saying, “Jenny takes the endorsement of Eshmour, and will give up those two small ads. Now nobody takes them, and I know you want to help her, but it seems that it is wrong.”
	“Jessica, I try my best to get the endorsements. But what do you mean?” Jenny does not like Jessica’s words and she is not a good-natured person.”
	“What do I mean?” Jessica says, “Frankie is so kind to help you, but now you get the endorsement of Eshmour and gives up those two ads. And all people know that you get the endorsement of Eshmour with the help of Luke.”
	Frankie keeps silent and frowns, but hearing those sneers, he feels guilty.
	“Jessica, please give me some respect.”
	“First of all, what you do deserves to be respected,” Jessica laughs. "I think that you know what kind of family of Lu is. As a former good sister, I would like to advise you that it is meaningless to live such life. Don’t live up to his concern for you.”
	“Stop, Jessica,” Frankie tries to interrupts Jessica.
	“Frankie, I know that you are kind to help her, but what she is doing now. She is ambiguous with the boss of our company. She is missing in the wrong road. And I know these words is not pleasant to hear, but what she does is wrong.”
	“What I’m doing is wrong, then what about you?” The moment before the elevator door opens, Jenny’s voice echos in the whole elevator inside.
Chapter 73 A National Idol
	Jenny has never been a good-natured person, and her endurance is limited. And she does not want to pay any attention to those boring things. However, if someone offends her, she doesn't let anyone off.
	Jessica has been too proud recently, and she must suffer some losses.
	Jenny’ eyes are full of disgust.
	“I don't want to quarrel with you about the past things, and you and I are in the same department. So we often meet each other. But we do not like each other, then let’s talk less. Don’t be proud of snatching Frankie, because there is no doubt that once a man begins to have an affair, he will do that in the future.”
	Jessica’s face turns white. She clenches her teeth, looks at Frankie and says angrily, “You can insult me, but you can’t say Frankie like that. He does it good for you.”
	“Then thanks a lot.” Jenny looks at Frankie.
	She turns her head away and looks away.
	In the feelings, she is indeed a loser. At the beginning, she chooses a wrong person. And then it does a mismanagement. Finally, they break up unhappily. But she thinks that she does it correctly to finish it without any hesitation.
	“Jenny, how can you say that? Do you know that...”
	“Stop. Jessica, please stop talking. We are sorry for her.”
	Frankie interrupts Jessica.
	The elevator stops at the first floor. Jenny puts on her sunglasses and goes directly to the sofa to sit down, waiting for the driver to pick her up.
	And Jessica, stomping her feet, says, “Frankie, you do so much for her, but she is not grateful, so I am so sorry for you.”
	Frankie stares at Jenny, thinking that if she looks at him, she will wave him, hold his arms and go home back together with her hands in his jacket pocket.
	Her smile is like the warm sun, and as if it can help others out of difficulty.
	But he hasn't seen it since what happened.
	Perhaps she sees something interesting on the phone, then she suddenly smiles, appearing a cute dimple.
	As if he can see through the sunglasses, and sees her beautiful eyes.
	Jenny’s beauty is refreshing.
	But it is too late for him to know that.
	“Frankie, what’s the matter with you?”
	Jessica looks up at him and finds that Frankie has been staring at Jenny. She suddenly feels very upset, gripping his sleeve.
	Frankie draws back his eyes, raises his arms and hugs her, as if he makes up his mind and then walks towards the door.
	Jessica has been followed by so many reporters. As soon as she goes out of the door, she is surrounded by cameras and asked about microblogging things last night.
	In the distant rest area, Jenny looks up and looks at the noisy entrance. Through the crowded shoulders and the camera, and she sees the two people surrounded by the crowd.
	“Excuse me, Jessica, now are you getting together with Frankie?”
	“...”
	“And are you married? Did Frankie give you the ring last night?”
	“...”
	“When are you going to have your wedding？”
	Looking at Frankie holding Jessica's shoulders, Jenny slightly frowns and then turns to continue to look at the phone. She does not want to look at them anymore.
	Frankie is a very traditional person. Since Jessica is pregnant, he should have been ready to get married, even if the ring last night is not given by him, it does not affect their marriage.
	“We are going to the Civil Affairs Bureau tomorrow to get a license, but the wedding is not yet clear, we will ask the media to come. And I think it should be clear what you want to ask now. Jessica needs a safe environment to rest, so please let us go first, and we will arrange the interview another day.”
	Frankie holds Jessica’s shoulders, slowly saying.
	The reporters are surprised.
	“Is she pregnant?”
	“...”
	“We have never heard of the scandal of Jessica before. How long have you been in love?”
	“...”
	Chaotic voices echo in the hall. Then the security guards of Jade Film come to evacuate the crowd. At that moment, Jenny just receives a phone call from the driver.
	“Young madam, I am at the door, where are you now?”
	“Wait a minute. I'm in the lobby. I'll be right out.”
	Finally leaving this chaotic environment, Jenny relieves. She picks up her handbag, puts on her hat, sunglasses and mask, and decides to avoid reporters and makes a detour through the side door.
	As soon as Jenny reaches the corner, she hears a question, “It is said that Frankie grew up with Jenny and that they promised to get married. Is that true?”
	Jenny stops walking and clutches the bag in her hand tightly.
	“Yes, there was a time when I saw Frankie going in and out with Jenny, and Jessica and Jenny are best friends. What was the relationship among you?”
	But now Frankie says nothing.
	Jenny walks for a few steps hurriedly. She stands behind a plant to cover herself. She hesitates for a moment, not knowing whether to listen.
	On the subject of infidelity, no one will talk nonsense in front of the media. What’s more, Jessica is very concerned about her own reputation, so Frankie says nothing now, she will certainly defend herself.
	Jenny is just curious how shameless Jessica will be.
	“Frankie, Jessica and I are good friends, and Frankie and I are also childhood sweethearts. As for Jenny, she lived next door to Frankie when she was a child...”
	“...”
	“If I were you, I'd slap her in front of those reporters right now, and then tell them about her poaching her best friend’s man and threatening him with pregnancy.”
	A man’s voice suddenly comes to her ear and Jenny shivers all over. Half of her body is stiff and she turns her head to look around.
	Less than half a metre away is a stairwell leading to the basement car park on the ground floor. At the moment, Michael leans against the door frame and folds his arms to look at her. Michael is a famous actor in Brilliant Entertainment. And that year he started out as a supporting actor in a miracle Push, winning awards and becoming a national icon.
	“You...”
	“You shouldn’t give up such a good opportunity. If you do that, it will do you more good than harm. After the exposure, the media and the TV station will recognize you, and then you will become famous.”
	Instead of listening to her, Michael interrupts her, raising a hand to touch his chin and looking over her shoulder at the reporter behind her.
Chapter 74 Mocking
	Jenny looks at him in surprise, frowning gradually. There are three questions in her heart.
	First, he is an artist of Brilliant entertainment, why is he here?
	Second, why does he know so much about her?
	Third, why does he tell her these things?
	“If you don't feel up to it, I’ll do it for you.”
	Hearing this, Jenny stares, “Are you kidding?”
	In return, you have to recommend me to Eshmour to get the endorsement of the man’s bracelet line for next spring and summer.”
	Leaning against the door frame, Michael is wearing a loose white down jacket. His short chestnut brown hair is parted in the middle and Japanese style. There is an unfathomable thought in his warm and healing smile, and he puts his hands into his pants pockets, looking playful. “It’s worth it.”
	“I do not understand what you are talking about,”
	Jenny frowns, she thinks that she hears what he says clearly, but she can not understand what he means.
	“It is said that you are Luke’s good friend?”
	Jenny feels surprised. She wants to go away but then she hesitates. Then she still walks towards the car.
	He is a national idol, and his social status is also very high. What’s more, he has been famous for so many years. The audience has always thought that he is such a warm boy. And he gets many endorsements of great advertisers, but now it seems that he is far from his own personality. Besides, what he wants to do is not clear at present, but what he says has a clear relationship with Luke.
	She does not know why she will be so nervous when being told that something or someone is related with Luke. Just like now, she can take this opportunity to get along with him and to take a TV supporting role through his help, but at the moment when she hears the name Luke, she just wants to hurry away.
	“Hey,” Jenny hears a cold and angry voice, “I am talking with you, don’t you hear me?”
	Jenny frowns and turns to Michael, nodding in a perfunctory manner, “Nice to meet you. But I have something to deal with, so I have to leave now. And you can continue to look at their interviews.”
	She is about to leave when Michael straightens up and looks at her scornfully. “Do you know that Luke has a childhood fiancee?”
	Jenny looks at Michael and smiles politely, “I don’t know what it has to do with me.”
	“It’s better that it does not have nothing to do with you,” He smiles hostilely and looks at Jenny seriously, as if he wants to see her through.
	“Michael, I don’t think we have had any contact before, and I’m flattered that you know me, but I wonder if there is any misunderstanding between us, or is it your one-sided prejudice against me?
	“Luke’s fiancee, is my sister, Sky, and I think you’ve seen it already.”
	Michael says coldly, ignoring Jenny’s politeness.
	Jenny feels surprised.
	Michael, Sky, Brilliant Entertainment.
	“Yeah, we meet before,”
	Now Jenny feels relieved. Since Sky is his sister, then Sky should tell him about what’s relationship between Luke and her. But the way that she describes is unknown.
	Looking at Jenny’s unconcerned expression, Michael smiles coldly, “What? Don’t you feel guilty? Psychological quality is so good that you are willing to return to Jade Picture after being hidden for three years. I do not know whether you are stupid.”
	“I respect you as a senior. And you are a good actor and have a good reputation. But if you distort the truth and regard me as a third person, I will not accept.”
	“Do you dare to say that you have no relationship with Luke?”
	Michael becomes serious.
	Jenny tilts her head, shrugs her shoulders and shows a sarcastic sneer at the corners of her mouth, “Why should I tell you this?”
	Of course not. She doesn't like to lie, but it doesn't mean she accepts everything unconditionally.
	Just as they are speaking, a sound of photographs interrupts their unpleasant exchange.
	“He’s Michael.”
	Those reporters around Jessica suddenly sound, then all the cameras focuses on Jenny.
	“And Jenny.”
	“Michael and Jenny?”
	More than a dozen reporters run towards them, and Jenny stares for a moment and does not know what to do.
	Michael turns his head toward the reporters and says with a smile, “Everybody, I have something to do today. Don’t chase me now.”
	With these words, he suddenly picks up Jenny’s arm, turns around and runs towards the stairs to the underground parking lot.
	Jenny feels that her heart seems to stop when they are running. And Michael does not care about her physical strength, because Jenny almost regards her as an object. He turns and runs with her just like flying a kite. He doesn't care if she will fall down the stairs.
	Jenny is thrown into the back seat of a black commercial vehicle. Before she knows it, the vehicle starts and leaves the parking lot, leaving a crowd of reporters behind.
	“Well, the security capability of your jade pictures is really not good. If they were in my company, they would have been fired. How can they let those reporters get in? Does your boss worry that those actresses do not have affairs?
	Michael says sarcastically.
	Jenny frowns and says coldly, “Please put me down near the company.”
	“What? Do you want to accept those reporters’ interviews?”
	“You...” Jenny feels that she cannot communicate with this man, but now she is in her car, so she replies patiently, “A driver will come to pick me up.”
	“Luke’s driver?”
	“...”
	“Well, as long as you promise not to have anything to do with Luke, I’ll let you off.”
	Jenny looks up and sees Michael in the rearview mirror.
	What does he mean?
	In his opinion, can’s she get together with Luke?
	“How can you think that being with Luke is ignoble?”
	“Isn’t it? So far, has he said anything to do with you? Even though his license plate number is photographed in the newspaper in Tin City and you buy a pregnancy test at the drugstore, but what does it mean? I should praise you for being a pregnant mistress?”
Chapter 75 Favored by Pregnancy
	Michael will behave politely and gently in public. Jenny has seen reports about him and very admires him. It is said that he is an orphan and is adopted by the adoptive parents. Thus, it is not easy for him to get some success. He has a good relationship with the media and journalists, and is dedicated to his work. Thus, his reputation in the entertainment industry is very good.
	He is once one of Jenny’s role models.
	But now it seems that all of these are not true.
	Is he a poor orphan? As a brother of Sky, can he be born in an impoverished family?
	Now those companies are becoming more shameless in trying to help actresses win public sympathy.
	Michael is the first person Jenny has ever seen who speaks such hearsay but hurtful words in front of a woman without mercy.
	He’s really good with a mask on.
	“Who tells you that Luke gets together with me because I am pregnant?”
	Jenny looks at the mocking man in the rearview mirror very angrily
	The car slows down ahead of the traffic lights.
	Michael says, “Sky stays abroad all year, she doesn't know as many rules of entertainment as you do. Now I warn you, if you hurt Sky, I won't let you go.”
	Jenny clutches her fingers, finds a small bottle and smiles. Then she looks at the back of Michael’s head, “If I do that?”
	Michael looks serious, and she turns her head toward the back seat.
	“...”
	Jenny sprays the spray all over his face and head. Thus, Michael covers his eyes with a cry of pain.
	With Jenny’s angry shouts, the car suddenly becomes a human purgatory.
	“Michael, you think that you are great because you take a few awards and have many fans. What the hell pregnant. What the hell your sister’s man. What the hell love. Are you stupid because you take too many dramas? It there anything wrong with you? I have explained to you, but you do not believe me. Fuck you! You are so stupid.”
	She throws the pillows and the dolls on the back seat into Michael’s face.
	After a sound of opening and closing the door, the car shakes violently, and Jenny has already run away.
	Michael covers his eyes, and is unable to see the traffic lights and unable to drive. But the sound of cars honking their horns fills the street behind him.
	Blocking traffic at traffic lights during off-duty hours is like trying to raise a stink.
	Michael grabs a handful of paper towels and wipes his face, and endures the pain to open his eyes as she tries to pull over to the side of the road.
	There is a crash.
	There is a loud sound and the whole car shakes violently as it bounces back.
	The white-gloomed traffic cop comes whistling and knocks on the window in disbelief. “What happened? You would run over a police car? Show your Id card, driving license and driving permit.”
	Michael covers his eyes. And when he hears those chaotic sound, he shouts.
	“Jenny, I will let go off you.”
	That night, all entertainment news in Tin city is about Michael’s car accident.
	Jenny looks at her phone and can’t help laughing.
	It is karma.
	Mrs. Lu is attracted by Jenny’s laughter and looks at her in surprise. “Why are you laughing so loudly? What are you looking at? Tell me, please.”
	“Mrs. Lu, I went to the office this afternoon, and a man made trouble for me. Then he went out and had an accident, and directly hit the car of a traffic policeman. Now the news is spread all over the world.”
	“He deserves it. Interesting.”
	Mrs. Lu can't believe it, and immediately puts down her chopsticks seriously, “How can he make trouble for you? Doesn’t he know that you are the proprietress of Luke Up Group? Let me help you and tell me who he is."
	Looking at Mrs. Lu’s seriousness, Jenny feels shocked and waves her hand hurriedly, “No, I have already solved it by myself. Please don't worry. Our company is not a good place.”
	Hearing these, Mrs. Lu frowns, and says, “If I can’t go the company, then you are pregnant, so you shouldn’t go there.”
	“But, I have signed the endorsement. If I do not go to the company, I will have to pay a lot of liquidated damages, but I can't afford it.”
	“It does not matter. I can ask Luke to pay it. If Luke does not pay it, then I will help you.”
	Jenny squashes her lips, “But I want to make money by myself. You and Luke both have money. I don't have much money. And someone who does not have money cannot have status in the family.
	“Who tells you that?”
	“Daniel, our company’s stylist. He always tells us that women have to work, whether we’re married to a rich man or not, we should have our own career, work hard and earn money to be happy.”
	Jenny talks excitedly about the things she meets in the company today. In fact, Mrs. Lu does not like to hear these things, but when Jenny says something funny, she cannot help but narrow her eyes and smile with wrinkles.
	“You’re a little money junkie.” Mrs. Lu pats Jenny’s forehead, “In the future, I will ask Luke to give you all the belongings.”
	“No, please not.” Jenny immediately waves her hands, “I don't want to manage money, the person who manages money is very tired. What I want to do is to accompany you.”
	"You just say that people who have no money in the family have no status. You do not want to manage the money, but I'm afraid it's very difficult for you to earn more money than Luke. Well, I do not look down upon you.
	Jenny smiles and tilts her head on one side, “I am not afraid of anything, because I believe that you will support me.”
	Then Mrs. Lu laughs, “Slippery.”
	After dinner, Jenny walks with Mrs. Lu in the garden. Thinking of the words that Michael tells her in the afternoon, she suddenly becomes absent-minded. Then, she hesitates and asks, “Mrs. Lu, I heard today that before people used to set doll marriage, so did Luke’s parents?
	Jenny smiles and holds Mrs. Lu’s hand. “Don't blame them,” she said. “It does not matter that they talk to each other when they are working.”
	Mrs. Lu pats Jenny’s hand and smiles, “Well, It's true. Not only Luke’s parents, even Luke himself, was originally set a marriage.”
Chapter 76 Childhood Marriage
	Someone feels cold with the wind blowing in the Flower House.
	Jenny feels her heart suddenly sink down.
	Luke really has an engagement with Sky.
	Mrs. Lu seems to know what Jenny is thinking about, so she smiles, “Don’t think too much. The engagement is set by Luke’s grandpa. And Luke’s father’s marriage was also set by him, but what a terrible marriage they have. So before he died, he agreed that the engagement could be annulled.”
	Jenny pauses for a moment, and then hesitates, “Officially invalid? Will they agree?”
	“I communicate with the Song family at the beginning. And they are very open-minded. We both agree that.”
	Jenny is a little relieved after hearing Mrs. Lu’s words. Since Mrs. Lu has communicated with the Sky family, now the engagement is annulled.
	But she wonders why Michael talks to herself so much since the engagement is invalid. Sky should have told him about all things. Does Sky not want to give up the engagement?
	It seems that Sky asks Michael to talk with me.
	“Please don’t worry. Now that I want you to marry Luke, then I will arrange all things right for you. What you need to do is to be a beautiful bride. I have picked up several wedding dresses for you. You can try them on when Luke comes back.”
	When talking about the wedding dress, Jenny suddenly feels excited. Then she nods and goes inside the house with Mrs. Lu to take a rest.
	Now the Flower House is like her home, and she feels very comfortable and warm here.
	At night, for the first time during these days, she stays in the room alone.
	After she emerges from the shower, she habitually asks, "Luke, where's the hair dryer?"
	There is no reply for a long time.
	She turns doubtfully to look at the sofa, where there is only her down jacket, and the corner of the hair dryer poking out from under it.
	Jenny knows that Luke's bedroom is very big, but today, she suddenly feels that it is especially big. She seems to hear her own echo when she says a word and no one answers.
	She hears the ticking of water where she stands there.
	It is dripping from the ends of her hair. She doesn't know how long she has been standing. And there has been a large water stain on the wooden floor.
	She looks down and feels relieved.
	Looking at the water stains on the floor and laughing at her imagination, she wipes her hair with a towel, then takes the hair dryer from the sofa and goes into the bathroom to blow her hair.
	She sees her pretty face in the round glass mirror, and her figure is fine, but her shoulders look rounder than before, because the food in Flower House is so good that she has not controlled her eating for a long time.
	She is so young and beautiful so that she should have had the most beautiful encounter about love, but she doesn't know why she dislikes herself now.
	Luke agrees to her condition easily, but he doesn't know what she wants. What she wants to do is to find out The Lu family. But it is his betrayal. If he knows that, he will not agree to help her.
	As she comes out, she hears a tinkle in her notebook and sees an e-mail.
	It's from Frankie again.
	When she meets him at the company, he says his email is intercepted and Jenny removes him from the blacklist.
	She sits on the bed with her laptop, fingers running slowly over the touch screen and clicking through the mail window. It is a document with detailed information about Lu family, and even its influence in Beijing.
	Frankie has such good ability to find out. And his family is a famous businessman and has business contacts with Beijing’s people. What’s more, Luke has a good relationship with the Bureau of Industry and Commerce, so it is not difficult to find all this.
	The contents of the documents contain many obscure family secrets, some of which are unreadable and marked in yellow for reference, while some of the major events are recorded in red...
	Jenny stares at the first line.
	Mrs. Lu has two sons and a daughter. The elder son is Luke’s father Alex, and the second son is Bill, who died in a flight accident three years ago, and his ex-wife lives abroad with his daughter. As for Luke’s aunt, she went abroad for college fifteen years ago, and has been doing research abroad ever since. She is so busy with her work that she seldom comes back.
	Jenny feels surprised at Bill’s death.
	It is unsurprising that the plane crashed, eventually, on the Atlantic coast, and that the salvage team only found the wreckage of the cabin, and found no bodies or bones.
	There is only a question mark beside the red one, and there is no other explanation.
	Jenny hesitates for a moment and decides to skip the question.
	She isn't looking for a households. And Bill does not seem to have anything to do with her.
	Then she looks at the details below.
	Alex’s marriage is set by Mr. Lu and his comrades. Alex does not love his wife very much. It seems that Alex is not interested in women.
	On Beijing national congress, Yuky, Luke’s cousin, said that Jin’s Wine has problem in its wine quality. And she has a very good relationship with Tracy. Although they are different in age, they are like sisters. So, she is invited to all parties held by the Lu family.
	All Jenny has to do is to make Luke to take her to parties like that and get to know Yuky.
	She needs to know what had happened, and that why Yuky has mentioned Jin’s Wine at the Beijing conference, and who has told her about it.
	This is the most important information in Frankie’s email. The rest are about Lu’s Family, which is not very useful to her.
	After turning off her notebook, she sits on the bed for a long time, but unable to sleep.
Chapter 77 True Fans and False Fans
	The next morning, the alarm goes off. Jenny gets up, washes up and goes to the TV station for a meeting.
	Shooting of the program "Friday night at 8:30" is about to begin. The director team needs to have a meeting to discuss the process of the first phase and all workers need to know each other.
	It is said that this lineup is strong. Though only Jenny, Jessica and Tom who has not graduated attend the press conference, another two female artists and a male artist do not appear. It is said that they are very famous, and they will not be revealed until the premiere.
	Jenny is really looking forward to meeting them. If they're famous, they must have some great acting experience. She is not a graduate in acting and always feels that she is lacking in this aspect.
	When she leaves in the morning, her grandma has not got up yet. Ling runs after her and gives her the breakfast. In fact, the company will prepare the food.
	Shawn arranges a car to take her to the TV station, and she dresses very casual today, when she enters the TV station at nine o 'clock in the morning, the gate of the TV station has gathered a large crowd of people holding lights and banners, but most of them are Jessica’s fans, and the rest are Tom’s fans.
	Although Tom’s fans are few, they are very excited. “Tom is brave enough to fly, we are always with you.”
	Jenny can't help laughing when she hears those shouting before getting off the car. What simple and lovely fans.
	As she laughs, she feels a light on the back of her head and sees a white figure getting off the nanny's car. Then, those fans become more and more crazy.
	There is no doubt that they are coming.
	Jenny wants to say hello with her hands up. Before she can say “good morning,” she sees the little man walking past her proudly.
	Are young people so arrogant these days?
	Jenny pulls back her hands, looks at Shawn and steps into the TV station.
	This variety show buys the copyright of an Australian variety show, so two Australian directors and scriptwriters participate in the communication on the scene.
	When Jenny arrives, Tom is alone in the room, sitting in the corner with his legs crossed. He is manicuring his nails, with his elbows resting on a chair with his nail clippers. He looks cold and his assistant is fixing his makeup.
	When close looking at Tom, his skin is good, but that powder seems to be thick on his face.
	Jenny feels no need to say hello to him, so she grabs the chair farthest diagonally from him and sits down.
	Then Jessica comes in, she looks at Jenny, nods, says nothing, then goes in and sits opposite Tom, and greets him in a friendly way.
	“Morning, I am Jessica. You are the first time to participate in this kind of program, so if you do not understand something, you can ask me.”
	Jenny thinks that Jessica pretends to be so approachable.
	“Last time I meet you,” Tom looks up at her, then at Jenny, and suddenly snorts a coldly, “No, I’ll follow the process.”
	Shawn pulls a chair next to Jenny and whispers, “Tom has a great background. Don't provoke him. You can see that he does not want to talk with Jessica at all.”
	Jenny nods. Just then she wonders why Jessica suddenly cares so much about Tom. Because Jessica will not talk with someone that are useless.
	Jessica seems not to be aware of Tom’s indifference, or she is aware of but pretends not to be aware of. In short, she tries to pretend to be a kind sister to please Tom. However Tom is leaning on the chair, and does not want to talk to her.
	Jenny is very dismissive.
	The director team soon comes in, and they are connecting the slides with copy. Tom and Jessica sit closest to the director team and the slides, while Jenny sits the farthest.
	The following artists who are supposed to attend also arrive one after another.
	Olivia comes in with a mature and elegant smile on her face. As soon as she comes in, she smiles and says hello to Jenny. Then she says hello to the staff one by one and sits down at Jenny’s side.
	Jenny feels a little nervous. She reaches into her bag, touches her notebook and whispers, “I’ve seen all of your movies, Olivia. Would you please sign for me?”
	Olivia is wearing a dark green loose-fitting sweater and simple casual jeans. Her yellow curls are simply tied behind her head. She wears delicate and elegant makeup on her face.
	Then she signs her name in the book
	Olivia hands the pen to Jenny and smiles calmly, “Is that ok?”
	“Thank you.”
	“Olivia, I am also your fan, can you also give me a signature?”
	Jessica’s voice suddenly inserts in, and then she pushes the exquisite book before Olivia. She looks very excited, as if waiting for long-awaited idol.
	Olivia hesitates for a moment and smiles. “Yes,” she says.
	“Thank you,”
	Before signing, a clear male voice breaks the harmonious atmosphere.
	“Everyone claims to be a fan these days, and I think it’s only a pink stripe.”
	It is Tom who speaks,
	Tom pushes the assistant aside, “Here is the conference room. There is no hurry to make friends at this moment. You have three or four days to shoot a show, so you have plenty of time. I think that Olivia
	Olivia finishes signing. She keeps smiles, closes the book and passes it to Jessica, “Done.”
	In the show business, she meets a lot of people who claim to be her fans to get close to her, so she thinks that there is no need to care too much.
	But Jenny feels unhappy, because she really likes Olivia, instead of pretending.
	“I apologize if I offend Olivia in any way, but I’ve actually seen every one of her movies. Thus, Tom, don't generalize.”
Chapter 78 A Tiny Role in a Movie
	“Well, why don’t you two talk about your favorite movie made by Olivia?”
	Tom is leaning back on the chair, slightly raises the head, squints and says, “Then you, go first.”
	He points to Jessica, who is sitting opposite him.
	Jenny looks up at Jessica and finds that her face turns pale
	She knows that Jessica never watches literary films and falls asleep every time when she goes to the cinema to see such films. She thinks such films are meaningless, but Olivia’s films are mostly of this type.
	The atmosphere stiffens.
	“Everyone is here. It’s so exciting. I’ve just come back from jet lag, so I’m sorry.”
	A clear female voice burst in, breaking the awkward atmosphere.
	Jenny raises her head suddenly and sees the woman in the black and white check autumn and winter catwalk of Venchy. And the big waves of chestnut brown are simply tied in a ponytail. What’s more, her angelic face seems to be only lightly made up. In a word, she seems to be the perfect combination of east and west art.
	It is Sky.
	Her appearance is amazing.
	“Sky?” Jessica stares as if in disbelief.
	Based on her understanding of Jessica, Jenny guesses that she must be struggling at the moment. Jessica is the queen of movies, while Sky is the queen of songs. In this variety show, their positions have collided, and their interest disputes are inevitable in the future.
	But Jessica knows the rules of ingratiation better than anyone else.
	She quickly accepts the fact, smiling broadly. “I’ve heard about you. Aren’t you abroad?” Nice to meet you...”
	“You’re welcome. I’ve heard of you, too.”
	Sky’s reply lets Jessica feel uncomfortable.
	Clearly this is not what Jessica wants.
	“I’ve brought breakfast. If you haven't eaten yet, take some. If you have, do I the favor of taking some?” Sky calls the staff behind her to give out food. When she arrives, everyone praises her very much. Not only the artists, but also the staff on the scene like such artists.
	Tom glances at the breakfast box on the table, stick s a piece of fruit salad into his mouth with his own fork, and slowly continues the conversation.
	“We are just saying, as fans of Olivia, you should know some of her movies and have your own unique opinions?”
	“The fans? Who says that he is a fan of Olivia? It is so coincident?” Sky is sitting opposite to Olivia, looking surprised and excited, “I heard from the staff today that Olivia is here, and I want to ask for an autograph. Someone does it before me?”
	“It is indeed, both of them are here.” Tom nods, “Well, you are the third one, but now on one can say something about Olivia’s movies, is it so funny?”
	Jenny looks at the breakfast, frowns, and is about to speak when Sky begins to speak softly.
	“My favorite is the film of Red Stone, in which the love during the war is forced to separate, and all kinds of strange things happen later, which make people cry easily...What is worth mentioning is the scene in which Olivia wants to marry someone else in the movie. Her eyes are especially painful...Well, I’m not a professional actor, and the reviews are my own feelings, so if I say something wrong, please forgive me.”
	Sky looks at Olivia and smiles shyly.
	Tom mutters, “It seems that you have seen some films.”
	Tom feels unhappy and looks at Jenny, “What about you? You are the first to sign.”
	Then Jenny begins to say something. For Jenny, it's a lot of pressure to comment on Olivia’ movies.
	“Compared to the Red Stone, I prefer “Arabian”. The plot is not tight, but I like that song inside, as well as the scene on a rainy day. All students throw away the umbrella in the rain to play with each other and she is the only one stick to hold an umbrella, then her girlfriends ask her why not play together, she says that she only wears a coat in winter. The scene of crying in the umbrella is very shocking.”
	There’s a lot of whispering going on in the conference room right before Jenny finishes her talking.
	“Arabian? Is there a movie? Have you heard of it?”
	“No.”
	Jenny is a little choked up by the noise around her.
	Sky's eyes show a subtle mockery.
	For a moment, Olivia’s gentle voice sounded at her side. “I sang the end song,” she says.
	There is a sudden hush in the meeting room.
	“It is my first movie, but I am not the leading lady, so it's normal for people not to have seen it. Besides, it is screened in a few small theaters, and it is released in two days because few people like it.”
	Olivia says with some regret, and looks at Jenny, “I never thought someone would remember the movie.”
	Jenny lowers her head and smiles.
	It was her father who took her to see it when she was a child. At that time, there were few people in the hall.
	“The history of acting as a walk-on is revealed now. Well, let’s forget it.”
	When Olivia finishes talking, the atmosphere of the meeting room becomes harmonious.
	No one sees her tapping Jenny's hand quietly under the table. The warmth of her palm makes Jenny happy.
	Does this mean she has been recognized by her superiors?
	As for Tom, he just hums coldly and ignores them.
	The director and the writer have the slides ready, they’re ready to begin, and then someone asks, “Who’s not here? Call their agents. Now let’s start first, and the artists are very busy,”
	Jenny frowns and looks at the empty seat opposite her.
	Who hasn't arrived yet?
	The bearded Director Wu is the main director of this variety show. The slide goes to the first page,
	“Let me introduce myself. You can call me Mr. Wu. Before the meeting, I have to declare one thing with you. I believe that you must consult with your agent before agree to sign the terms of the variety of confidentiality and content of the contract, so please try to obey the arrangement of the directors, if you can't accept someone, please let me know.”
	“You mean that through the communication, then I can refuse it?”
	“No,” Mr. Wu looks at Tom, “I don't care what background you have, or how great you are, you must unconditionally submit to this reality show arrangement. If you want to refuse, there is only one way.”
	“What method?”
	“You breach the contract.”
Chapter 79 They must have Something to do with Each Other
	Mr. Wu looks very strict.
	Jenny takes a deep breath.
	Shawn does not tell her the specific content of the variety show.
	Is it very difficult?
	At that moment, the door of the meeting room suddenly opens. A figure in gray casual clothes comes in and knocks gently on the door of the meeting room twice. “Sorry, everyone, I just finish the play and I’m late.”
	“Michael, please sit down. I know you’re busy. I am very happy that you can join in the show.” A smile rarely appears on Wu’s face.
	It is Michael.
	Jenny lowers her head and thinks a lot.
	How can she be so unlucky to meet such a lunatic?
	“I buy some fruit for everybody.” Michael asks his assistant to help him divide the fruit which are all cut in boxes.
	Wu smiles brightly, “You should all know each other.”
	Michael glances up and says, “Of course, I know Olivia. And Tom is my schoolmate. And Jessica is the best actress of last year. As for Sky, she is the queen of international pop songs. But the lady who sits opposite me...”
	“I do not know her...”
	It is embarrassing for a moment. Then Mr. Wu helps to explain, “Her name is Jenny. She belongs to the company of Jade Picture with Jessica. How long has it been since you read the paper, Michael?”
	The last sentence makes Jenny feel nervous.
	The newspaper has a lot of news about her, such as getting together with a rich man, unmarried pregnant, and so on. Fortunately, she is not well-known. Besides, ordinary people will not find that the man mentioned in the newspaper is Luke.
	“Yeah? I’ve never liked the gossip”
	Michael lifts his mouth with a faint smile and sits down across from Jenny.
	He looks at Jenny with a half-mocking smile in his eyes, “This is our first meeting. Nice to meet you.”
	Jenny wrings her fingers and does not want to talk with him.
	Michael laughs, lowers his head and hands the fruit to Sky without looking at Jenny at all.
	The meeting lasts for more than two hours before the break. The location and time arrangement of the first phase of the shooting as well as the basic process are described in detail. However, the details are not mentioned, because the directors hope that the artists can give their true reflection.
	When they are taking a break, Jenny goes to the bathroom. In fact, Jenny wakes up with a stomachache. She thinks it would be menstrual period these two days. When she gets to the bathroom, she found that she is menstruating. Fortunately, she takes sanitary napkins. Then, she touches her aching stomach and presses herself against the sink to wash her hands.
	Every time when menstruation comes, she will have a stomachache, but this time it is especially serious. And the meeting will probably have to go on for another two hours, so she does not know when she can go back to the car to get a warm glove
	“You don’t look very well,” says Sky. She is standing there, and it seems that she has just arrived.
	Jenny waves. “Nothing, just...”
	She wants to tell the truth, but thinking of her relationship with Luke, she is afraid that she will tell Mrs. Lu. Then she says, “I just had a bad stomach last night and I am not feeling well. I will go to drink some water.”
	“Then watch out and wish you a speedy recovery,” Sky says, passing her by with a look of blessing.
	Jenny nods and goes out of the bathroom.
	Sky is a very worldly person. Within half an hour after she enters the conference room, she becomes familiar with all the support staff and artist directors.
	Jenny remembers what her father told her about business when he was still alive.
	Some people are smooth and sophisticated as you can see. Maybe what he does is so obvious that you may think that he has a strong purpose, but in fact, this kind of person is the least destructive because his purpose is obvious. But the scariest thing is another kind of sophistication that you don't see.
	This kind of person is nice to you, but you never know what he really wants. Maybe one day he will start to demand something in return that you don’t want to give him but have to give it.
	Jenny hasn't decided yet whether Sky is such a person. But she feels that Sky perhaps is...
	She walks toward the meeting room clutching her stomach when she hears a familiar female voice from the stairwell.
	Jessica seems to be not a good person. Though it is said that Jenny is her best girlfriend, it must be a lie. As for Olivia, she pretends to be elegant, so I hate to talk with her. And Michael must have something with Jenny, or they will stare at each other. Besides, Sky, who comes back from abroad, seems to be good person. But I cannot understand why she will come here.”
	“Aren’t you a member of them?”
	Tom’s assistant replies, like joking, “Tom, please stop talking. Or I will get scolded.”
	“Why does he ask me to take part in such boring variety show? I will get a sunburn.”
	Jenny thinks that Tom is better at maintaining the skin. Tom is such a gossip. And it seems that Jenny does not like him.
	If she has known they are on the show, she would never have come to the show.
	She just wants to be safe after the show.
	After the meeting, Shawn sends Jenny home and tells her about some details on the way.
	“You've never recorded a show before, and this show has a camera on you for 24 hours, except going to the toilet. Thus, keep serious. I’ll send someone to your apartment to clean up your room. Don't sleep too sweetly at night. Sleep gracefully, but not too gracefully...”
	“Wait...”
	Jenny says. It seems that she hears something wrong.
	“Why do I tidy up my apartment? I’m not staying in a hotel?”
	She is not present at the meeting just now, so she misses some details.
	“On the morning, the photographers may film you packing and sleeping, of course, later you will stay in a hotel.”
	Jenny is relieved, “That’s good.”
	She's not living in her own apartment these days, and it's hard for her to ask Mrs. Lu for leave. However, in the morning, she may be able to get out early.
Chapter 80 a Surprise Coming
	Shawn looks at Jenny, and wants to say something. But finally, she gives up.
	In the evening, Jenny comes home, has dinner with her grandma and chats for a while. Then Mrs. Lu answers Luke's phone.
	These two days, he goes on a business trip and now calls Mrs. Lu landline.
	She doesn't know what they say on the phone. Then Mrs. Lu looks at Jenny, “Well, I'll let Jenny talk to you.”
	Jenny waves her hand. “No...No...”
	She feels uncomfortable talking face to face, let alone over the phone, which is unnecessary.
	Mrs. Lu puts the phone into her hand regardless of whether she is uncomfortable. Then she puts on her coat like she knows everything. “Ling, let’s go out for a walk for two hours.”
	Jenny says, “Mrs. Lu, it is very cold now, so staying outside for two hours is not good for you.”
	“Then an hour, and I am so happy today.”
	Before Jenny can say something, Mrs. Lu goes out.
	Then Jenny picks up the phone, “Hello? What do you say to your grandma, why does she go out for an hour now?”
	Then Luke answers, “I just ask her to wear more clothes because it becomes cold these days and ask her how you are going by the way.”
	Jenny holds her forehead, “You’re not implying anything, are you?”
	“No,” Luke says firmly, “but I do not know whether she will think of anything else.”
	“Obviously she's been thinking too much!” Jenny replies.
	Obviously, Mrs. Lu has a vivid imagination. She thinks Luke asks her to put on more clothes and go out for a walk so that Luke can talk with Jenny.
	Interesting.
	Suddenly Jenny seems to hear laugh, then she hesitates, “Are you laughing?”
	But Luke does not answer.
	“Is it funny?”
	“I’ll be back in another two days. If you need help, just call me.”
	But this sentence has nothing to do with the question she is asking.
	Jenny says coldly, “You’ll be back in two days. Even if I call you, you won’t be back at once. So there is no need to call you.”
	“What?”
	Luke asks seriously, “Is there no need to call me?”
	“Yeah. Even if I call you, you will not come back.”
	So Michael bullies Jenny and no one helps her.
	There is a grievance in her voice, which makes Luke feel worried. And there is a tenderness in Luke’s eyes, though Jenny cannot see him. But the window of the hotel showed a gentle look that he has not had for many years.
	“Wronged?”
	Luke asks softly.
	“...”
	Jenny does not expect him to ask because she thinks she hides it well.
	“No.”
	“If you feel wronged, just call me. Even if I do not stay with you, you have to trust that your husband is able to handle everything for you.”
	Jenny feels surprised.
	Everything?
	It is impossible.
	“It is too late. And I have to ask Mrs. Lu to come back. It ‘s too cold outside, and it is not good to stay outside for a long time.”
	“Yeah.”
	Luke does not ask her too much, and his answer is decisive.
	Jenny hangs up in a hurry because she is afraid to tell him her grievance.
	Jenny is wondering, “Why doesn't he tell me that Sky had an engagement with him originally? He just says that Sky is his sister. Since the engagement is broken, why does Michael know this and still accuse me of being a mistress?”
	Marriage is not so simple.
	Jenny stands by the landline with a long sigh.
	The night wind blows against the windows and makes a framed sound, as if the winter is endless, which makes people feel that they cannot see much hope.
	At midnight, Jenny is woken up by Shawn’ call.
	“Where are you?”
	Jenny answers, “What’s wrong?”
	“They begin shooting now. The directors ask me give them the keys of your apartment. Do you tidy up the apartment?”
	“Don’t you say that they will begin at nine o’clock in the morning?”
	Jenny bounces out of bed and looks at the luminous alarm clock. It is 1:30.
	She forgets to tidy up the apartment. And the point is that she isn't there at all.
	“They lied before. They’re at my house right now, and I say I am going to pack up and go with them, so I'm hiding in the bathroom and give you a call and we’ll be there in half an hour...”
	“Half an hour?”
	Jenny glares.
	There is a sudden clamor over the phone, “Shawn, are you ok? Hurry up...”
	“Well, I am coming...”
	After saying this, Shawn lowers her head and whispers, “Please get up, make up and clean your house. And don’t worry. Good bye.”
	Before Jenny can say something, Shawn hangs up.
	Jenny looks at the phone and feels in a daze.
	Half an hour...
	Fly back to the apartment?
	Returning back to the apartment is better than not coming back.
	Then, Jenny gets up quickly, washes up and goes out the door.
	Fortunately, Luke has not brought all her things to the Flower House, and the bed should be the same as before. Now there are only two choices: one is that she can go back as soon as possible, the other is that she fails.
	If she chooses the first choice, then she has to put on pajamas as soon as she comes back. And as for the second choice, she can say that she comes back so late because she shoots outside, but it is impossible to shoot drama with pajamas. So what should she do?
	Jenny looks at herself in the mirror. Does she need to change out of your pajamas?
	Half an hour later, a minivan arrives at Jenny’s apartment. Shawn explains the situation to the security guards. Then, several cameramen sneak onto the elevator. And the assistant director, carrying the camera, whispers to the staff following him, “Try to keep quiet so as not to wake Jenny up. And this time we have to get the most authentic images.”
	They open the door and go in. The room is dark and has smell of dust.
	The deputy director frowns, waves to the people behind him to follow, and slowly touches the door of the master bedroom with a flashlight.
	The announcer whispers, “It’s ten past two in the morning. We’re in Jenny’s apartment. There’s no light on. Jenny doesn’t seem to be awake. Now we’re going to open the master bedroom door and see Jenny’s sleeping position...”
Chapter 81 The Real Life of Female Stars
	When the director opens the door, with flashlights flashing on the bed, they only see a tangle of quilts in the corner of the bed
	“Where is she?”
	Someone asks.
	The deputy director frowns, “Turn on the light.”
	With the light on, there is no one in the bedroom except the directors, and there is a faint smell of dust.
	“Shawn, you tell Jenny before?”
	The deputy director asks angrily.
	This completely disrupts his plan. The worst thing is that he can't get the most realistic picture of her sleeping gesture, but now Jenny is not at home.
	“Shawn...”
	“Yeah, I am here...”
	Shawn hurries in with a pile of things in her hand, which she buys to beautify Jenny’s home.
	“Where is Jenny?”
	Shawn feels surprised, pointing to the bedroom and asks, “Isn’t she in the bedroom?”
	“Is there a ghost in it?” The assistant director’s voice is cold and discontented. “Do you call Jenny? She does not have time to tidy her room, so she just goes out.”
	“No, absolutely not...” Shawn takes out her mobile phone, “Or you can check the communication record...”
	People stare at each other for a moment, and the attendant hesitates to check the phone’s communication record.
	“Nothing.”
	Shawn blinks.
	She does everything carefully and deletes the record, so she has no fear of being found out that she calls Jenny.
	“Where has she gone? Aren’t you her agent? She isn’t at home at night. And where is she?”
	Shawn clutches the phone, and she really doesn't know.
	As she saying, the sound of a key in the lock is heard. Then everyone is looking at the door. The cameraman quickly raises the camera towards the door.
	A pink figure appears at the door with a key in one hand and a large package in the other. And several boxes of instant noodles can be seen from the transparent convenience store shopping bag.
	Jenny shouts, staring, “You...”
	Shawn responds quickly and asks, “Jenny, where do you go? Mr. Lee has been waiting for you here with the camera crew.”
	“Me? I am hungry at midnight and have nothing to eat. So I go to a convenience store and buy something to eat.”
	Mr. Lee quickly explains that the program has begun. Jenny holds her forehead and looks frightened, “Well, I think it will begin tomorrow. And I don't clean up at home...”
	The cameraman follows Jenny around the room, selects a corner to place the camera tent, and installs cameras in each room. Then Mr. Lee tells Jenny the theme of the first phase.
	“What artists usually do when they have no announcement?”
	Jenny is taking apart the noodle bag when she hears this. So she bursts out laughing, “I don't have a lot of announcements to make, so I have a lot of time.”
	Shawn looks at Jenny eating a whole box of noodles. Jenny puts a kanto stew and a tea egg in it.
	Jenny winks at Shawn as if she's succeeding.
	As long as Shawn is present, she seldom gives Jenny anything to eat. In Shawn’s opinion, a fruit salad is enough for her, but now Jenny is filming, so Shawn doesn't want to interfere. She just stares at Jenny.
	“Do you want to eat some? I buy a lot, and they are new flavor. And it is delicious, just like the Japanese ramen I order in the restaurant,” Jenny opens her convenience store bag, which can be found at least seven or eight buckets of different flavors of instant noodles.
	All the photographers have been working before dinner. Most of them do not even have time to eat dinner. To be honest, Jenny knows their work.
	“It’s okay, and it’s almost over, so we’ll pack up and leave, and we’ll come here tomorrow morning around eight o’clock.”
	After inspecting the surveillance, Mr. Lee points to the cameraman adjusting the tent in the corner, “That’s Carl. He’s in charge of filming you these days.”
	Following Mr. Lee’s pointing, Jenny smiles gently at the tall white cameraman.
	After watching them leave, Shawn closes the door and sits down on the living room sofa.
	“Well, I think we need to talk.”
	Obviously, Shawn wants an explanation from Jenny.
	Jenny gasps, and sits down on the sofa.
	“About what?”
	“First, please tell me where you go tonight?”
	“The supermarket,” Jenny points to a convenience bag on the table, “And the instant noodles are still there.”
	“Come on, you don't think Director Lee can see anything. In fact, normal people can understand it. It seems that no one live here, because it smells dusty. You haven't lived here for at least two months.”
	“Shawn…”
	“Jenny, are you really living with Mr. Lu?” Shawn becomes more serious.
	“...”
	Jenny doesn't answer. She just lowers her head and cradles her glass.
	She has just arrived here, and the cold wind blows her all the way, and her stomach is still aching.
	“Even though it’s your private life, you have to know that all personal lives of artists are magnified. And you have to figure out what you want. If something like this happens again, what are you going to do?”
	Jenny looks up quickly and holds up two fingers, “I promise it won’t happen again.”
	Shawn stares at her for a few seconds, then sighs, “I don't care about what’s going on, but don't make any mistakes, and just stay in the apartment. As for the details of the show, I have told you in the morning. Today...”
	Shawn hesitates, “You do a good job today.”
	Jenny breathes a sigh of relief, “Thanks, Shawn.”
	“Go to bed early. You can sleep for another two hours. Then get up and make up early. What’s more, I can’t follow the rest of the journey, so take care of yourself.”
	“I will.”
	Jenny nods repeatedly. After seeing Shawn off, she finds a new set of sheets and quilts from the closet, changes them randomly, and sleeps away.
	It can be seen that this variety show is not so easy to get away with. Just like today, the shooting starts unexpectedly. What will they do tomorrow?
	“...”
	At the same time, passengers on the flight to China becomes increasingly restless.
	“Why does the delay last so long?”
	“Well...”
	The plane, which is supposed to arrive at noon, is forced to land in a snowstorm and has been stuck at a transit station for most of the day.
	Amelia’s ears are stuffed with earphones and she looks out of the window nervously.
Chapter 82 The Most Boring Shooting
	The stewardess’s gentle voice is played to calm the passengers.
	“Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, our flight is caught in a snowstorm and the flight route encounters heavy turbulence. Thus, there is a temporary delay, and the delay time is unknown.
	The more they played, the more agitated the passengers become.
	George becomes agitated and does not want to talk with women any more. He looks pale, clinging to the handrail, as if he will faint at any moment.
	Amelia glances at him.
	The plane is just forced to land in a snowstorm. Why are they so afraid? That’s interesting. If the captain insists flying , they’ll regret if anything goes wrong.
	After a while, the announcer says the plane can take off, but the man beside Amelia suddenly stands up, breathing fast, “Well, please, let me, let me get off...”
	“What’s the matter, Sir?”
	“I need to get off the plane.”
	“The plane is about to take off, and our policy is not to get off halfway. And this is not Chinese territory yet.”
	Amelia glances at the man beside her. His face is not red, but rather pale. And his breathing is really heavy, but he is more like fear than discomfort.
	She snorts coldly, “If you’re afraid, sir, please sit down first. If the plane is shaking a lot, it won’t be good to be bumped.”
	“Am I afraid?”
	Then, the man holds the chair and sits down slowly, obviously looking frightened. The beauty in the skirt next to him frowns and loses interest in him.
	Amelia looks at them seriously.
	A friend in need is a friend indeed.
	Some men are just makeup bags.
	...
	Tin City, Lemon Creek Apartment.
	After Shawn leaves, Jenny changes the sheets. She falls asleep as soon as she goes to bed, but she does not sleep well that night. In fact, no one would have been able to sleep if they know someone sets a camera in their bedroom.
	At seven o’clock in the morning, she presses the alarm clock and goes back to bed without hesitation.
	But almost two minutes later, her phone rings.
	“Hello...”
	“Jenny, are you awake?”
	Shawn says seriously and coldly. Then Jenny gets up as fast as possible.
	“Yes, I get up...”
	“Hurry up. The directors must arrive at your house before 8:00 a.m., so get up quickly.”
	“All right.”
	“You can not hang up until I make sure you finish your makeup before 7:30.” Shawn says.
	Jenny feels helpless. She stays in bed for two seconds, rubs her hair, and gets out of bed to wash.
	She only slept for two hours last night and now she feels dizzy.
	There’s also a camera in the bathroom mirror. As she brushes her teeth, she speaks into the camera. “It’s only seven o’clock. Actually, I don’t get up so early in my free time. In fact, an entertainer who is not popular usually has a lot of leisure time, but Shawn says that I should create a healthy image, so I do as she says.”
	She takes a sip of water, purrs twice in her mouth, and spits out a mouthful of foam.
	Then she finishes washing her face and brushing her teeth.
	Jenny has been looking for her makeup bag at home for a long time. Then she remembers that she has taken her makeup bag to the Flower House. So she says, “I don’t wear makeup at home, so today please take fewer close-ups of me, and keep a safe distance.”
	Jenny takes two steps back and blinks as she looks at the monitor in the living room.
	Because having no makeup at home, so she does not need to makeup now. Fortunately, her skin is fine, so she does not worry about it. At 7:40, Carl arrives at Jenny’s house with another two assistants. He checks all the cameras and starts to shoot.
	One assistant explains to Jenny what needs to be done today.
	“We are mainly to film your activities today. You can do whatever you want. And it will be better that you can just ignore us.”
	“Well.” Jenny touches her chin and looks at the assistant in surprise, “Really? Are you sure?”
	“Of course.”
	Jenny hesitates, and then she sighs, “That's good. I'm so sleepy. So let me go to the bed again.”
	Then she lies down on the sofa, cradles the pillow and closes her eyes.
	Does she really sleep?
	The cameraman and the assistants stare at Jenny.
	The actors who want to be on this show are trying his best to show off his strengths. It's the first time they have ever seen someone go to sleep on the show.
	Ten minutes later, Jenny on the sofa does not move.
	Half an hour later, she turns over.
	Two hours later, Jenny says something in her sleep, “Yummy.”
	Carl is sitting on the floor, moving his camera closer to Jenny’s face. He yawns, “It seems that I don’t need to hold it. I am so relaxed.”
	“Yeah.”
	“It’s the first time I’ve seen someone sleep on a show. Is she going to sleep all day?”
	“It’s not the first time for me. Another photographer tells me that Mr. Song is also asleep and has not woken since last night.”
	“Mr. Song? Who?”
	There are two people whose last name is Song.
	“Of course, it is Michael Song who is still sleeping. As for Sky Song, she gets up early to make up and to make breakfast for herself. She is so virtuous.” The female assistant says, “I think I'm attracted to her.”
	“Jenny hasn't eaten yet. Isn’t she hungry?”
	Carl crouches, touches his head and his stomach, looks at Jenny who is asleep, and hears a moderate noise.
	Jenny touches her stomach, then rolls over and sits up on the sofa with her eyes closed for a while.
	Carl freaks out, throws himself down on the floor, and crashes with his camera in his arms in his genitals.
	“Oh my god...”
	Hearing his shout, Jenny opens her eyes in a daze, looks down at Carl who falls down on the floor, and says, “You are so dedicated?”
	“...”
	Carl is rolling on the ground and clutching his genitals, while two assistants are already laughing.
	Jenny doesn't quite understand what they're laughing at. She looks at them for a while, touches her stomach and enters into the kitchen to get something to eat.
	As she stands in front of the refrigerator, it occurs to her that she hasn’t lived here for a long time. So the refrigerator is probably empty.
	Thus, she decides to order takeout.
	Although Shawn says it’s best to cook your own meals to create a virtuous image, a clever woman cannot cook without rice.
	Jenny touches the fridge door, and gives up the idea of cooking. Not to mention whether the food can be eaten, it is still a question whether there is anything in the refrigerator that can be cooked.
Chapter 83 A Piece of Surprising News
	The cameraman follows Jenny all the afternoon. Jenny stays in the house and does nothing but eat and sleep.
	“Jenny, have you anything else to do?”
	The planner on the scene is anxious. They follow Jenny all day, but do not take any important information.”
	Jenny is unwrapping a packet of biscuits, “Let’s eat some biscuits. What’s wrong?”
	“And then?”
	“I feel sleepy. Then I will take a rest.”
	“Don’t you want to go shopping to buy some dessert or something?”
	“I don’t usually like shopping.”
	The planner is helpless and worried.
	The planner can not understand why the director invites Jenny to take part in this show and thinks that it is hard for them to edit later.
	“Why not go to meet Jessica in the afternoon. Meeting Jessica may be a point to be edited.”
	When hearing Jessica’s name, Jenny feels surprised. But thinking of the show, Jenny agrees, “All right.”
	“Ok, I’ll call them first.”
	The planner nods and calls another planner who follows Jessica, “Can Jenny go to meet Jessica?”
	“...”
	Then, the planner frowns, “Why not?”
	“...”
	There’s a vibration in Jenny’s pocket. She pats the cookie crumb on her hand and pulls out her phone.
	There is a lot of noise on the phone, as if she can hear the roar of an airplane taking off.
	But Jenny still can hear what Amelia says.
	“I just get off the plane, so please come to pick me up.”
	“I’m recording a show! You can take a taxi and I will pay for you.”
	“No, I do not need your money. But you have to come to pick me up today. I meet a very strange person on the plane. And you have to come, I’ll treat you to dinner.”
	“But, I have to...”
	But Jenny has to meet Jessica.
	“To be honest, I’m in the security room at the airport. If you do not come to help me, I will stay here for a long time. Or you just want me to call my father fly from Hong Kong to help me.”
	Jenny feels stunned, “What? What’s the matter with you?”
	“You’ll know when you come.”
	“You just come back, how could you make such a big mistake? I am sure I will not keep it a secret the next time when I see your brother.”
	Jenny reproves her weakly.
	To be honest, she doesn't worry about Amelia, because she has caused such trouble too many times abroad, but every time, it is Jenny who comes to help her.
	The planner becomes a little sad because he cannot take Jenny to meet Jessica. But now, he says to Jenny, “Do you need to go out? Well, just do what you want, leave us alone.”
	Jenny replies, “Don’t we need to meet Jessica?”
	“Jessica is at her boyfriend’s house, so it’s not convenient for us to go there.”
	Jenny’s heart throbs when hearing this.
	“My best friend asks me to pick her up at the airport.”
	“Of course, you can.”
	The planner immediately asked the assistant to pack up the equipment.
	“Quickly...”
	He looks at Jenny, “Remember to ask your best friend to wear light makeup.”
	Jenny shrugs and looks at her phone, “She is listening.”
	In the Blue Sky Airport police office in Tin City, the cute girl in a beige casual suit and warm yellow down vest just turns off the phone, jumps on the spot twice, and then gasps.
	It is so cold in this city.
	But thinking of the man who has just been guaranteed to go out, she becomes very angry and wants to hit him again.
	“Why will you let him go?” She looks incredulous, and looks at those policemen angrily.
	Half an hour later, Jenny arrives with her camera crew. A crowd gathers around the door of the guard’s room, which can easily attract people’s attention.
	“Excuse me, I am here to meet someone. Is Amelia here?” Jenny stands at the door and asks.
	“Stop shooting...And you can follow me,” The airport ground crew only lets Jenny enter into the office.
	Amelia recognizes her immediately and runs straight to her. She holds Jenny off the ground and turns around twice.
	Jenny shouts, “Oh my god, please let me down.”
	Amelia grins, “Well.”
	“What’s going on? Why do you come to the police station?”
	“Amelia deliberately hurts someone on the plane, but luckily the person is not seriously hurt. Now she can just sign her name and go.”
	“Deliberate wounding?” Jenny looks up at Amelia, “You’re so brave that you’re hitting people in the sky.”
	Amelia is the vice President of the Australian Martial Arts Association. Both taekwondo karate and swordsman are at the international level. Jenny thinks whoever Amelia hits will get hurt.
	“Sign it, and then we can leave?” Jenny points to the blank of the transcript, “Here?”
	“Yes,”
	“That’s it.”
	“Well, you can leave here now. Actresses should not make troubles here, and please don't interfere with official business in the future.”
	Jenny holding Amelia’s hands walks out the gate of the airport, followed by an assistant carrying luggage. Besides, a strong cameraman, a Chinese variety show planner, a male planner from Australia, a translator and two security guards also follow them.
	Many people gather around to take photos, but are turned back by security guards.
	In fact, Jenny thinks that if she comes out only with Amelia, there won’t be so many people looking at them and taking photos. Those cameramen holding so many cameras really can be found.
	Through the window of the silver minivan, it can be found that George looks very angry.
	He stares at Amelia who laughs happily and seems not to be guilty. And he regrets not having kept her in the police cell for a few more days.
	“George, can we leave here?” The driver asks.
	“Yes, but you need to find out whom she is.”
	Jenny and Amelia are already on the viaduct in their van, and Amelia talks about what she meets on the plane.
	“He is 1.8 meters tall and is so scared when the air turbulence hit that he holds me in his arms and shivered. I think that he is just trying to take advantage of me.”
	“So? That’s why you hit him?”
	“I am acting in self-defense.” Amelia explains,
	“What have you done?”
	“I just dislocate his arm.” Amelia leans back in the chair with her head down, “and drops him straight down the aisle.”
Chapter 84 Family Atmosphere
	The atmosphere inside the car is stiff, and there is a camera set on the copilot focusing on Amelia. As for the driver, he looks bored.
	Jenny kicks Amelia, smiles, and whispers in her ear, “Stop talking. The camera’s on.”
	Amelia sticks out her tongue with a playful look, grins, and nods.
	She points to the co-pilot’s camera, and says seriously, “At this point, I’m posing as your best friend, right?”
	“Or you can be a troublemaker who needs my help.”
	“Jenny...How can you say that...” Amelia hugs her arm and shakes, acting like a spoiled child, “Now that I’ve beaten Jessica to become your chief confidant, and it’s not a matter of time to make friends, but it’s a matter of character and personality...”
	“Amelia...” Jenny hurries to interrupts Amelia. Then She looks at her, and turns to the camera.
	Generally speaking, she is hinting at the cameraman to delete that part.
	Then Carl makes an Ok gesture and says nothing.
	Amelia wants to say something, but Jenny gives her another kick and a wink to hint her.
	“Well, I’m hungry. Take me to dinner.” Amelia says, “I’d like to eat Chinese food. Do you know where a real Chinese restaurant is?”
	Jenny thinks for a moment, “Of course.”
	Though Jenny does not know, but someone should know.
	...
	Luke is sitting at the table in the first military complex of Beijing, shaded by trees. The nurse brings the soup to the table, and people around the table do not say a word.
	“Well, let’s start.”
	The man in the south-facing position says coldly, and then all people pick up the chopsticks.
	The man who speaks looks to be in his early sixties with a very strong body and full of breath in his voice. From the features carved on the blade of the knife, it can be found some handsome temperaments, but those temperaments have been reshaped by time into today’s calm and coldness.
	“Luke, have more soup,” Tracy says softly, as she is holding a spoon and looking at Luke, “Mrs. Zhou has been cooking the soup for a long time. It’s very good for your health.”
	“Can’t he do it by himself?” Alex says coldly, staring at Tracy’s hand holding the spoon.
	After a while, Tracy says, “You should drink more soup.”
	“He is an adult. And he knows what he’s supposed to do. You don’t need to teach him how to eat.”
	Luke just glances at Tracy and says nothing. He holds a bowl of rice in his hand, picks up the food on his plate in front of him and chews slowly.
	But such dinners are like a cold machine doing mechanical and numbing repetitions.
	The table is full of people, but no one says a word, and the noise of eating is very low.
	Such are the rules of the Lu family.
	That’s why Luke doesn’t want to bring Jenny here.
	“I heard that you just buy a film company? Are you going to invest in the entertainment industry?”
	Tracy can not help asking.
	Luke raises his head and, without answering, looks at the man sitting opposite him. It seems that he is waiting for his response.
	“Do not speak at the feeding or sleeping time.” Alex looks at Luke and then turns to Tracy, “If you want to talk now, you can go to the kitchen to talk with Mrs. Zhou.”
	Tracy frowns and seems to be annoyed, “Luke only comes back home a few times a year. However, every time we have a meal, you don’t let us talk with each other. Then he leaves after dinner. As a mother, I don’t have any chance to talk with him. How can you do that?”
	“If you want to speak, no one can stop you.”
	“Is that so? If you hadn't forced Lake to take part in the actual combat exercise at the beginning, he would not...”
	“Can you stop?” He throws chopsticks so hard on the table that the porcelain dish on the table issues a clanging. Then he looks at Tracy coldly, “Lake died for our country and he is a martyr. You know nothing at all.”
	“A martyr, and then? Can he be alive again? Can he stay with us again? He is your son, don’t you feel regretful?”
	“Stop talking. Just have dinner.” Alex frowns, clenches his fist and looks very angry.
	Luke gently puts down his chopsticks and says flatly, “I have finished eating. And I have something else to do, so I need to go first.”
	Those sitting on the table are Alex’s subordinate officials. They usually talk and laugh with each other, but now they keep silent. As soon as they hear that Luke wants to leave, they also say that they finish eating and want to go home back.”
	“Sit down.” Alex’s voice sounds a cold echo in the living room, “It’s not too late to go back after eating. Don’t hurry to go back home to share my family’s funny things.”
	“You are joking...” A man says and sits down. And the others do not dare to move, but pick up the chopsticks and go on eating.
	Tracy glares at Alex. Then she turns to follow Luke. She wears a pale blue household dress and a cashmere gray coat. And she walks elegantly.
	“Luke...”
	She runs out of the door and is shivered by the cold wind.
	Luke has just come down the steps of the door. He looks back and asks, “What’s up?”
	“Every time you go home, you are like on business. You have nothing to do but eat. Do you stay at home tonight? I have cleaned your room and put new sheets and sheets on it.”
	Luke glances up at a window ledge on the second floor and says, “No, I am used to living in the hotel.”
	“Nonsense. You should not live in the hotel. You haven’t been home for many years.”
	Tracy tugs at his sleeve, “I won’t let you go unless you promise to stay at home today. After Lake died, you are the only child I have.”
	When hearing the name of Lake, Luke frowns.
Chapter 85 A Dinner
	Luke keeps silent for a while and looks serious.
	Tracy knows that he is unhappy, so she says,
	“Luke, though your father looks indifferent, he is looking forward to your return more than anyone else. And he feels proud of you being successful acquisition of the film and television company and invites many people to celebrate for you.”
	“Mum, even Mrs Zhou can see that this is a Hongmen banquet. Why should you deceive yourself?”
	Luke smiles coldly, raises his hand and brushes off his mother’s hand on his other arm, and then he turns to the driver and says, “Put the things in and go back to the hotel.”
	The driver nods, opens the trunk and pulls out a bright blue box with an elegant red bow that contains expensive birthday presents.
	Luke turns around and gets on the bus without even passing it to his mother..
	The woman takes a couple of steps down to the window with her skirt in hand, “Luke, wait...”
	“It’s cold outside. Go back.”
	Then, he slowly rolls up the window. It seems that the window separates them into different world.
	Soon the driver comes out of the house and sees Tracy standing at the door shivering with her arms, which makes him feel sorry for herself, “Madam, please go back first, I will take him back to the hotel, and everything can be found in the hotel.”
	“But the hotel is not his house.”
	Tracy sighs, stands up and looks at the driver, “Well, I’ll go back in a moment. It is said that it may snow in the afternoon. So drive carefully on the way.”
	“Yes, Madam.”
	As the black car pulls out of the yard, a thin flake of snow falls on the steps.
	Tracy looks up at the second-floor balcony, which has been empty for years. And she feels sad and seems to cry.
	After they leave the military area Command, the driver asks, “Young master, why do you get out so early today? Is the food not to your taste? Should I ask the hotel to prepare some food in advance?”
	“No, thanks.” Luke looks out of the window and falls into deep thought.
	The meal is not to welcome Luke, but to do some selfish things through the meal. Although those people are his subordinates, their interests are hidden between them.
	And what Luke hates most is the scheming, and those people who die in the war games are actually the scheming victims.
	Some people say those people are martyrs who die for their country. In fact, they just want to paralyze others or themselves.
	They keep quiet in the car.
	It is normal, and the driver is used to Luke who is not talkative. Since Lake died, Lu family becomes quiet and becomes more quiet after Bill’s death three years ago.
	Then, Luke’s phone rings.
	Luke reaches into his suit pocket, takes out his phone and looks relaxed.
	“Do you know any good Chinese restaurants in Tin City?”
	When looking at his phone, he seems to smile.
	“Yes,” Luke smiles, tapping his long-sleeved fingers on the phone’s buttons.
	Then he receives another massage.
	“I am joining in a reality show, and I pick up my best friend at the airport. She wants to eat Chinese food, but I am not familiar with any restaurant in Tin City. So I ask you for help. And I hope that the restaurant has fewer people.”
	After all, a lot of photographers and assistants follow them, so if the restaurant is crowded, it may make some trouble.
	The driver has been watching Luke through the rearview mirror. His coldness gradually disappears and then he looks gentle.
	It is incredible. Who the hell sends him the massage?
	But at this moment, George becomes very angry. When looking at the archives of interns who are recommended but the tutors of the Foreign Cooperation Design Institute, he frowns.
	The assistant knocks on the door and comes in with the information he has just collected.
	“George, we haven't found any information about the young lady you mentioned. As for Jenny, her parents died, and have fewer friends except Frankie. And she may know that lady abroad.”
	“NO,” George holds a resume tightly and smiles coldly.
	In the resume photo, it can be seen a little round face with a big smile.
	It is said that someone tramps and tramps until his iron shore are broken and then, without looking, he finds what he seeks.
	Looking at George’s evil expression, the male assistant can not help but give a shiver. Who will meet bad luck this time?
	George’s mobile phone rings and it is Luke calling.
	George is planning to share his revenge plan with him, and Luke calls.
	“Recommend three Chinese restaurants that are both elegant and tasty and sparsely populated.”
	His succinct words directly disrupt George’s original plan,
	“Chinese restaurants?”
	“Send to me after a minute.”
	But before George can say something, Luke directly hangs up.
	Hanging up, he looks at his cell phone, and looks glazed.
	“What the hell? She really treats me like a restaurant taster?”
	A minute later, Luke replicates George’s text directly, adds a sentence and sends it to Jenny.
	“These three restaurants are good and I recommend the second one.”
	“Get it! Thanks.”
	“Well.”
	Then Luke puts down the phone. And the driver says, “Luke, do you fall in love with someone?”
	Luke just looks at the front and says nothing.
	“If your mother knows, she will be very happy.”
	Just then, Luke glances at the man in the rearview mirror and says coldly, “Uncle Wang, you just regard nothing happens today. You do not need to come back after arriving at the hotel, because you have to send me to the company.”
	Luke does not think that his mother will happy if she knows that.
	Thus, he does not plan to talk to his mother about Jenny these days.
	He knows his mother’s thoughts very well.
	Before he was 15 years old, he thought it was not bad to follow the idea of his family. However, since his brother left, he felt that the family was in name only. If he followed their ideas, it would probably be the same in the future.
	Before meeting Jenny, he did not intend to get married. Instead of having such a family in name, he would rather live alone.
Chapter 86 Image
	The air in the outskirts of Montana city is very good, and the wilderness is even more desirable than the hustle and bustle of the traffic inside the city.
	The nanny car drives through the traffic, gradually only the breeze caresses people on the face, February in Montana city is still cold. People must wear a jacket when they go out, and the temperature in the suburbs was even down.
	After getting out of the car, Victoria sneezes.
	"Oh my god, Jenny, it's freezing, what place you are bringing me to, an outdoor barbecue?"
	Jenny points to a farmhouse in the distance and smiles, "There is no outdoor barbecue, but I can smell it in the farmhouse. "
	"Farmhouse?" Victoria is startled and cringed a bit hesitantly, "I've never been there before! Isn't that dirty!"
	"You'll know when you go."
	"Can I refuse...?" Victoria pulls on the door handle of the nanny car and she looks like she is to vow to die rather than obey.
	The camera crews are happy and covering their mouths with a laugh.
	Jenny looks around and feels a bit helpless, "If you don't eat, you'll starve tonight."
	"Why don't we just go home and eat instant noodles, my dad said that the farmhouse can be dirty..."
	"You should ask Mr. Choi if he's been there."
	Jenny reaches out to pull Victoria, but she is not as strong as her, so she changes her strategy and goes to pick her grip on the door handle but fail, "You untie me, the nanny car is going to be broken, if it is broken then you will pay for it."
	"I'll pay for it... I'll pay for it... just don't eat at the farmhouse."
	Victoria still unwilling to move, her hands are gripping the door handle and the pose just like a hen about to lay eggs.
	The camera crews are happy to see the jokes, if the clip cut in, there is no need to think about how funny it will be.
	"Farmhouse has noodles for sale, give you a bucket."
	Jenny stretches out her hand towards her, "Let's go, lady."
	The lady cry along the way like she has been bullied by Jenny.
	As soon as they enter the farmhouse, the smell of barbecue chicken wings ignites everyone's frozen nerves, and there are many girls on the camera crew. Jenny pays for the dinner and treats the camera crews.
	As for Victoria, she stares at the door as soon as she entered.
	"Why aren't there any chickens here?"
	"In the cage." Jenny points in the direction of the backyard, "Who keeps their chickens directly inside the yard, if walking a few steps will step on chicken's shit?"
	"What about the pig?"
	"Of course, it's inside the farm, no one will raise a pig inside their house. They have to slaughter it by themselves, so much trouble."
	"... " Victoria holds the door frame and looks at the open-air table and chairs, the beautiful courtyard and clean surroundings. She has the feeling she has been cheated.
	"That's not what my dad said..."
	"What did Mr. Choi say?" Jenny dangles a chicken wing in front of Victoria, she says with a face of wryness, "Does not mean that chicken, ducks and geese run all over the yard, walk two steps can step on the chicken poop, the whole yard smells like a pig farm, and the dishes can't be cleaned ah?"
	"How do you know?"
	"Because my dad said the same thing when I went to a farmhouse when I was a kid, and then my mom dragged me right over there and it turned my worlds upside down. My dad's reaction is like yours as well."
	Jenny shoves the chicken wings into the hands of Victoria who is still in shock, "Eat it, it'll get cold later, it's windy outside today, barbecue a bit just fine, let's sit inside the house to order food, the house is heated."
	Victoria takes the chicken wings and walks around the yard, inside the fence, there are a lot of vegetables, there are also two rabbits hiding inside the corner eating vegetables secretly. The white body is furry, with two long ears and very cute red eyes.
	" Jenny, there are rabbits here..."
	"Do you want to eat? I'll ask the boss if he does it." Jenny asks back the question subconsciously.
	Victoria's face is stiffened, "Eat?"
	The camera crew are also stiffened.
	Jenny suddenly realizes what she says and accosts, "That what...although rabbit meat is delicious, you can't eat too much of it and we don't have to eat it by today..."
	Carl raises his hand to cover his face and can’t help her to cover.
	If this clip released to the public, a person who usually has a sweet and charming image, the new generation leader of the Youthful lady, even says she wants to eat rabbit meat, this will cause many people are going to pay attention to this matter.
	The boss lady is happy because of the large number of people, she says, "You guys help me advertise my farmhouse, so today's meals I will give a 20% discount, and you'll also get two of our special dishes."
	Victoria eats until her belly is round and she rests on her chair, looking like she has already eaten enough.
	Jenny, who has eaten slowly and is still not full at this moment. She smiles and thanks to the boss lady and asking.
	"Haven't we ordered all the specials? If it's the same, it's not necessary, maybe you can give us on our next visit."
	"The ones you order are the most common, other farmhouses can do them; those aren't the ones most famous here." The boss lady says as she is calling for the staff to serve the dish as they introduce it cheerfully, "This one is the most famous dish in our farmhouse. As you have just seen, they are all home-grown and fed all-natural and organic vegetables..."
	Jenny feels Carl who is sitting next to the camera is trembling.
	The plate of dark red marinated rabbit head places in the middle of those leftovers on the table looks like a dead skeleton.
	"The marinated rabbit head was served, later still have steamed rabbit, you guys enjoy first, I will go the kitchen and have a check for the steamed rabbit."
	The boss lady walks away on her own, leaving a room full of people are stunned. They are eating and touching their bellies with a forced smile, and the assistant planners all squint their eyes one by one, not daring to look directly.
	The foreigner, the moment he sees the rabbit head, he closes his eyes like scripture and mumbled something.
	"Seriously, I've eaten rabbit meat and rabbit heads..." Victoria says with the forced smile, "For me, things like skulls, I'm really... There's no way to accept it, so why don't you return it?
	"The boss lady is being very kind, don't you think?" Jenny asks back Victoria.
	"Are you going to eat it?" Victoria holds her hand that held out her chopsticks, "It is recording a show,"
	Jenny looks up at the Carl who is holding the camera and asked hesitantly, "If I eat this, will my image be ruined?"
	Carl nodded. The surrounding planners and assistants nodded as well.
	"Let's just cut this one out then!" Jenny smiles and says, "For the sake of me buying you guys dinner today."
Chapter 87 Mission
	The lady director, Miss Mandy, wink at the people around her, and the crowd nod evenly.
	"Let's eat, let's cut this part out."
	Jenny eats an entire plate of marinated rabbit heads after a group of people encourage her to do so.
	The first episode would probably be released next week, and this show has a total of twelve episodes. Each time, two episodes are filmed, lunch and dinner are settled at the farmhouse, then everyone can go back to the apartment at night after work.
	Victoria moves directly into Jenny 's apartment. The most surprising was the big two luggage don't have any suitable clothes for her.
	"I can buy clothes here, but I'm used to my drawing board and brushes, and I don't know if I can get them in here, so I'll just bring them with me."
	Victoria props up her drawing board inside the living room, she gestures several times in the direction of the bedside, and then turns to look inside the bedroom and find Jenny who is looking for her pyjamas, "Hey, do you want me to draw a naked picture of you?"
	A white-eye is given from the bedroom, "How about I draw you naked, instead?"
	"That's fine," Victoria takes off her small jacket and tosses it aside and shows her beautiful lines. She blinks mischievously her eyes look like trying to charm her enemy, "Come on."
	Jenny throws a pillow to her, "You must be careful, the cameras on your side are clear if wardrobe malfunctions and so on.
	I don't care about it and can't help you also."
	Victoria is sticking her tongue out and says, "Everyone is wrapped tightly in winter, so what's the fear of wardrobe malfunctions, I'll go take a shower."
	There is a sound of slippers are rubbing against the floor from inside the living room.
	Jenny flips a set of pyjamas inside the closet and realizes something when she hears the bathroom door closing.
	"Victoria... don't take off your clothes yet..."
	"I'm taking it off...what for?" Victoria's voice comes from inside the bathroom.
	Jenny quickly run over and opens the bathroom door, Victoria just takes off her sweater, the upper body is wearing underwear, a great view of the chest, her hands' pins on the back ready to unbutton the underwear. She is looking at Jennie with curious.
	Jenny turns around and covers the bathroom cameras hurriedly, she is saying helplessly, "The cameras are setting everywhere?"
	"This is so fucking sick; the bathroom is loaded too?" Victoria quickly picks up her pyjamas to shield her chest, "I want to complain..."
	"Then wouldn't I have to show off my body in front of a national audience..."
	Jenny holds his forehead and looks Victoria up and down, her body is good, although it is only a B cup breast because she has been worked out all along the years, so she looks sexy, which doesn't fit well with her cute baby face.
	"I'll talk to the director, I'm sure this part will be cut... You hurry up and take a shower, I'll get a towel and wrap the camera."
	Having a best friend who likes to make trouble is a surprise all the time.
	Jennie comes out of the shower and turns to go to the bedroom to help Victoria packs out her luggage.
	As she passes by the living room, she looks at the camera and sighs helplessly.
	She thinks it is just a random shot, but she doesn't think it is 24 hours surveillance so that having phone calls need to scruple, especially Victoria. She speaks rashly without any hesitation; she wonders what it will look like when the scene cut out.
	After finishing the shower, both are going to bed.
	Jenny 's apartment is a fifty-square-foot bachelor apartment with a small room and one bedroom. It is temporarily converting into a monitoring room full of equipment by the director planners of 'Friday Night at 8:30', so Victoria could only sleep with her in the same room for these two days.
	According to Victoria's personality, no one knows if she will play any new tricks before she goes to sleep, luckily, she has a company interview the next day. So, Jenny can escape from this.
	"Weren't you introduced there by your mentor? Still need an interview?"
	Jenny feels a little surprise and asks her.
	Victoria flips through the materials she has prepared inside her hand. She is leaning against the side of the bed with her arms fold after hearing the question, "Who knows, it is not necessary, but I just got an email on my phone from the company after showering. It is saying that they want to interview a whim and that the company's regular process is this."
	"What company?"
	Victoria is studying advertising design, the advertising agencies should be quite a famous kind since it is recommended by her tutor, Jennie thinks that she may be known about the company.
	"IMC, the company that won the International Advertising Festival last year, you know about that, right?"
	"Wow..."
	Jennie exclaims, "IMC... I know that."
	IMC has cooperation with Jade Picture, many brands who have no advertising department in their own companies or whose advertising departments are not very good at planning will give the advertisement to IMC and let them handle. From the artist's endorsements and the planning of the campaign, all the way to the final shooting and editing are fully responsible for IMC. Many of the artist's endorsements of Jade Picture are getting through the IMC.
	And this company is acquired also involved with the IMC. It is saying that IMC holds the second half of the qualification of the artist's endorsements of Jade Picture film industry. So, the company doesn't dare to offend them, plus the heavy pressure from the side of William. Therefore, the acquisition project was completed at a very low price.
	"When I succeed in the future, all of your advertisements I will plan for you. I will ensure that the advertisement will be upgraded, and the brands over there will happy."
	Victoria pats her chest as she swears by it, her action is making Jenny smile with joy.
	The next morning, Jenny wakes up because of Victoria’s screaming. She is rubbing her eyes as she sat on the bed watching her best friend jumping on the bedside. She buckles the pillow over her head with a long sigh and sleeps once more.
	"Why didn't the alarm work out..."
	"..."
	"It's over... it's over... I'm going to be late..."
	"..."
	The sound of banging and slamming all the way, extending from the bedroom to the living room and finally closing the door hardly. The series of actions make the whole building seem to shake.
	Jenny 's eyelids don't even lift and continue to sleep
	At 8:30 a.m., the camera team carry the camera inside the living room and wait for a while. Jennie doesn't have the intention to wake up. The team has conducted a temporary meeting to take the necessary measures against an actor like Jenny who has no desire to perform.
	"Mission card?"
	Jenny sits dizzily on the bed with the blanket, she is looking at the card that the director has brought over, she said, "Stop it, didn't I say I could do anything? Is it okay if I sleep all day?"
	The mission card was in the hands of the director, and both are not moving and stunned for a moment, and Jenny let out a long sigh, "OK. I accept."
Chapter 88 A Beautiful Man's Bathing Figure
	Can being on a show be any more tiring than filming?
	"Mission card, this afternoon, go to the downtown swimming pool and complete the four-hundred-meter swim."
	"That's it?" Jenny flips the mission card and she is looking incredulous.
	The director nods, "Just get out here, everything is easy, people don't want to film you when you are sleeping, it's just... too ugly."
	Jenny has remembered the incident earlier when Elisa told her not to sleep too much.
	She had been so tired for the past two days, how could she not sleep too much, but she sleeps too much...
	At the thought of this, Jenny bounces up from the bed, "Pack things, go out now, and have a box lunch at the swimming pool at noon."
	If she stays at home, she wants to sleep when she next to the couch, there was nothing else she wants to do.
	The swimming pool is the largest of the venues has been booked by the crew, it was winter so not many people come over, the room is heated, and the water temperature is okay. When Jenny changes into her swimming suit and comes out from the locker room wraps herself with a towel, she still feels a bit cold, after all, it was still almost zero degrees outside.
	"I thought it is booked, but why is anyone else swimming?" Jenny stands at the edge of the pool to warm up and looking at the water like a fish that is swimming towards her. The figure is looking like a man.
	The figure is like a dragon in the water, vaguely can see the man's wheat-coloured back, but a few seconds he swims from the middle of the pool to the pool edge, it is very close to Jennie.
	The strong-arm lifts from the water and drives a splash, his fingers wipe the water droplets on his face. He raises a short brown hair and revealing his handsome features. His chest is dripping with water, and he looks a sunny boy.
	The two pectoral muscles on his chest, as well as the appearance of the abdominal muscles shaking up and down in the water, make Jennie swallows her saliva.
	Beautiful boy out of the shower?
	The man spots her, he turns his head and smiled wryly, fetching a handful of water and smashing it over in one smooth motion.
	Jenny raises her hand to shield her face and she is waking up.
	This wasn't the harmless sunny boy, he was the bad guy, Michael who had a deep hatred on her.
	"Why are you here?" Jenny stands far away and looking at the man inside the pool condescendingly.
	Jenny feels her words a bit weird, reluctantly added, "Teacher Song."
	Michael stirrers up his hair, he is holding the side of the pool's escalator. He climbs up from the water, and that eight-pack abs would be nowhere to be seen.
	Jenny wraps herself with a towel and looked defensively at the man who walking towards her.
	"What? You're the only one who can come, but I can't?"
	"Of course not..."
	She takes a couple of steps back, thinking that are having cameras and their respective followers, a planner and a director, so many people present, and he shouldn't be messed up, and her heart was a little more settled.
	But off to the side, he doesn't have the slightest intention of stopping, he is stepping towards her with water stains.
	"Hey..." Jenny glares at him, trying to escape from him.
	Michael lifts the corners of his mouth, as he takes a wide step forward, directly shortening the distance between the two of them.
	Jenny raises her hand to cover her eyes and spoke incoherently, "Teacher Song, you... you have self-respect... after all, Virtue is highly respected... The show is meant to be broadcast in front of a national audience... you take it easy..."
	Before she finishes her words, a sudden lightness on her shoulders and a chill at the same time, she shrieks and stares at Michael with her hands over her chest.
	And Michael, who is holding the bath towel pulled from her shoulders in his hands, is wiping the water droplets off his body, a teasing look in his eyes and he says, "No need to be nervous, just kidding, I just dropped my towel in the water, you can lend me this for a while."
	Jenny bites her teeth, the camera points at her, what else could she says.
	Michael shows his signature smile, with her towel on his shoulder, he stretches out a hand towards her, "This is the first time we've met! Hello, I'm Michael Song."
	No wonder he can be the best actor, the drama is like life, life is like a drama. Does he completely forget what happened before? Is today the first time you've met?
	This acting skill is making Jenny feels inferior.
	She clenches her fingers, then shakes his hand gently. She is smiling and greeting, "Teacher Song, I've heard a lot about you."
	Michael, who always looks like a big warm man in front of the camera, must be a freak in private.
	She knows that this swimming today will not be so simple, as expected, make her in trouble. The director has long gone nowhere, and the entire swimming pool is left with two cameras circling two of them.
	"You don't have to be so polite, we're not that far apart in age, so why don't you just call me Michael..."
	"It's still a Teacher Song who's more agreeable."
	Jenny pulls away from the distance from him and stands to the side to warm up before swimming. She was wearing a black one-piece swimsuit, not too conservative but not too sexy, sort of medium. She is craning her neck and twisting her waist, ready to get in the water.
	Just testing the water temperature at the edge of the pool, there's a voice from behind the guide.
	"Today's assignment is for Michael and Jenny is to complete a 400m swim, but out of fairness, Jennie will go first. The first one to reach the end can propose a penalty."
	Jenny is stunned, and the movement she had planned to make to get into the water is stopped.
	"What? You don't dare?" Michael on the other side has stood still, looking at her condescendingly.
	Jenny looks at the camera behind her and raises her eyebrows to glare at Michael, "Who's afraid? Don't blame me for not respecting you when the time comes, Teacher Song."
	Her swimming was taught by a professional instructor, but back then she had participated in the National Youth Swimming Competition, although she hadn't gotten any awards. But passing the sea election was impressive enough.
	After the whistle blows, Jenny enters the water in a standing posture, and her black figure quickly stretch out in the water pulls away from a long distance. The whistle sounds after a hundred meters, a splash of water is sounded, and Jenny realizes that there is someone behind her and catch up with her soon.
	She speeds up, after all, there is a difference in the physical strength of men and women, the last hundred meters sprinting amount, Michael almost caught up.
	Jenny floats out of the water for air and at the same time, she hears the sound behind her. She adjusts her body immediately and raises her arms to speed up.
	She doesn't use her full strength just now, but now she should sprint harder.
	Michael is determined to win, and he has already thought about what he wants her to do if he wins. The woman who has been moving at an even pace suddenly accelerated and regained the long distance at the lightning speed.
Chapter 89 Ungentlemanly and Vicious Intrigue
	Jenny floats up from the water, pushes her swim goggles over her head, and sits up in a leap by the side of the pool, her white ankles are patting the water. She is smiling proudly at the man behind her who is just a meter short of winning.
	"Teacher Song, I'm sorry, I won this game."
	Michael stands up from the water and looks in Jenny 's direction. He is tilting his head to size her up for a moment as if he is somewhat appreciative, but quickly becomes the playful look. He lifts a handful of water and sprinkles it onto Jenny 's calf with a look of ambiguity, "Then how does Jenny plan to punish me?"
	This makes Jenny get goosebumps halfway down her body.
	The director next to Jennie is holding an inscription board to her, with the requirements that have been arranged in the script written on it.
	If Michael doesn’t win, these requirements are nothing at all, because no one knows if he would follow common sense, or perhaps if he wins, he wouldn't follow the inscription board at all.
	"Fifty push-ups, then."
	Jenny glances at the inscription board, and she is unconcerned about the punishment.
	Michael raises his eyebrows and braces his hands on the edge of the pool. He takes the towel from the director and wipes it off, then looks around the room, "Where do you want me to do it?"
	"Whatever," Jenny is a little distracted.
	The director places yoga mats on the floor to open a new area, and then let Michael, who was wearing four-cornered swimming trunks take the stage.
	The female directors all look at him like the anthomaniac, they are holding their cell phones and taking all kinds of pictures.
	Jennie raises his eyebrows and leans to the side to take a break.
	"Director, doing push-ups doesn't seem interesting," Michael stands next to the yoga mat and says suddenly.
	Jennie stuns, and she has a bad feeling. Her premonition is very accurate because, in the next second, Michael has said something that made her squirts out the water.
	"How about this, since it's a punishment, then this punishment must be somewhat related to the person who won, so Jenny will sit on my back and I'll do fifty push up. How about this?"
	What else can she do? The director's team voted unanimously. They are completely ignoring Jenny 's face full of reluctance. The newcomer doesn't have the right to speak.
	The skin on her thighs inevitably contacts with Michael's exposed spine. She feels like she has nowhere to put her hands and she is going to be thrown at any moment whenever he does a push-up.
	" Jenny, you hold Mr. Song's back, or you're going to fall," the director next to her encourages her in a variety of watching ways.
	And Michael seems to let out a snort of laughter. This sneer let Jenny feels it is a mockery. Is it fun to play with her? She looks down at his damp hair, a hint of cunning flashing in her minds.
	When Michael leans down once more, Jennie exclaims and at the same time grabs the only fixed point within her reach. That is Michael’s hair.
	He is muffled grunt, and Jenny 's body shakes so hard that she could almost feel the trembling of this body beneath her ass.
	"I'm sorry, Teacher Song I didn't mean it." Jenny even loosens her hand and covers her mouth as if she is terrified, "I'd better come down, it's still very physically demanding if you hurt your back It's just not good." She is about to go down after finishing her words.
	"No," Michael says with annoyance, "a promise of fifty pushups is a promise, don't worry, I'm definitely won't drop you."
	Jenny thinks that there is no need to be more nice than wise... Jenny sits on someone's back leisurely, and if he is unsteady, she casually grabs his hair, and the surrounding directors look unbearable.
	"Forty-nine...fifty...good, done." After the director counts fifty pushups, he claps his hands, and the assistant next to him immediately took Jennie down of Michael's back. He is strong enough to get up and sit on the mat for a while, not saying a single word.
	For the entire afternoon, Jenny is the only one who is swimming happily in the water, while Michael holds his back and head and sits on the lounge chair beside and gnashing his teeth.
	This woman wasn't a someone that can be easily dealt with.
	The filming continued until 3:00 p.m., the end of the entire first phase of the filming activities, Jenny is not the most popular guests, so she doesn't need too much footage, not to mention the interaction with Michael has been enough for the first phase of the editing, so the camera team over there ready to knock off.
	The director who is standing at the poolside of the board shouted a "cut".
	Jenny is floating out of the water and lying on the edge of the pool. She is smiling and looking at her director, "Thank you for these two days. "
	The chubby director reaches up and scratches her nose, "Okay, the show's over, come up here and changes your cloth, let's go have dinner together."
	"Okay," Jenny climbs ashore and headed towards the locker room.
	The directors are waiting inside the lobby of the swimming pool, while Michael and Jenny go to the locker room to change.
	As soon as she finishes changing and lefts the locker room, she sees Michael stands by the door, who looks like he has been waiting for a long time.
	He leans against the wall with his arms folds and asks, "Are you very proud of yourself today?"
	"Overpraise, Teacher Song, swimming is my strength, I'm sorry for accidentally winning you." Jenny smooths out the bag on her shoulder and pulls away from the distance from Michael.
	"There's no need to be too proud of yourself, you should know that what happened on the scene may not be the same as what ended up on TV."
	Jenny frowns and grips the strap of her shoulder bag; she is looking at Michael with precaution.
	"Like the punishment you offered in your sexy swimsuit today, asking to sit on my back and do push-ups, like the time you sits by the pool and frolicked with me today, it just seems like a little star did anything to get on top and be famous..."
	"What are you trying to say?"
	"Just a reminder to temper your complacency, do your part, and stay away from people you shouldn't be near, then everything will be normal, this show will be the springboard for you."
	"This is the second time you've reminded me of this, that Sky asks you to do so?" Jennie hugs her arm and feels she needs to talk to this neurotic clearly, "About the matter of the infant matrimony, I have asked grandmother. The engagement was broken long ago, whatever relationship I have with Luke is none of your business, and you shouldn't tell me these things. If you want to talk about it, can you ask Sky to talk to Luke in person? Teacher Song."
	A look of surprise appears in Michael’s eyes, but it flickers away.
	"Impossible, the marriage contract was set long ago, who said it was broken, do you think I'll believe you? I've seen plenty of female artists like you who is vicious and sinister and only want to take advantages."
	Jenny glances at him coldly, "You're such a self-righteous male artist who casually wronged others and would only bully women without any gentlemanly manners, It's the first time I've seen it."
Chapter 90 Lucky Star
	"It depends on the person to whom. “Michael approaches her step by step.
	Jenny takes two steps back, her eyes showing a look of fear, "Don't come over, if you do, I'll shout."
	"You shout," Michael quirks his lips in a sinister smile, "You won't be rescued even if you shout. The back is the pool, and this isn't a bathing suit on you, so how are you going to get out if you get wet? It was almost below zero degrees outside.”
	Michael is the one who wants her to fall into the water and the fact that she is panicked, and this is exposed the fear in her heart even more.
	As Michael approaches her step by step, Jenny has already held onto the handrail at the side of her, "Don't you come over..."
	Michael laughs sardonically, his strong arm stretches out towards her and wants to push her, but just at this second, he fails to do so. Jenny leans back, then quickly spins around on his feet, she is holding the handrail by her side to stands beside Michael, then she raises her knee to kick him and say, "Go down, pervert..."
	The swimming pool has a huge splash, one meter and more than a few people fall into the pool, Jenny 's jacket was splashed with a large splash.
	Jenny wipes her face and shouted to the man who falls inside the pool, "Do you think I'm afraid of you? The cameras are gone. What the hell are you proud about? It's just the best actor, right? If I hadn't been blocked in those few years, I would have been able to get the best actress, pervert!"
	The emotions that had been held back for a whole day, precisely since seeing Michael, all explode at this moment, she glares at someone in the water who was just standing still. She raises her eyebrows and waves her hand, "Goodbye, Mr. Song."
	The sound of struggling comes from the pool, Michael can't say a word in anger, he is only glaring at the figure that bounced and ran away, and growling, "Stop right there!"
	Jenny turns to him and grimaces. She is shouting to the pool, "I'm not stupid, standing and being thrown by you?"
	"You..." Michael's face is angry.
	That woman just disappears in front of the entrance of the swimming pool, leaving him alone in the large swimming pool and the echoes of that crisp voice just now.
	Out of the swimming pool, the man who locked the door comes over with the key in his hand, "Is there anyone else inside?"
	Jenny turns around and looks, "No, I just came from the pool, it's late, you should get off work early, thanks for your hard work."
	The eldest looks at Jenny asks with smiling, "You're an actress, right? I see that all afternoon, there have a lot of cameras walking around inside this swimming pool, can you give me your signature?"
	"Of course," the man pulls out the venue inspection logbook from his pocket, flips to a blank page and hands it to Jennie, "just sign on the here will do."
	After signing, Jenny hands the record book to the man and looks back as he walks away, but the man doesn't go inside and has a check and clanks the door of the arena right back to lock it.
	"Hey..."
	"What's wrong?" The eldest turns to look at Jennie.
	She hesitates and waves her hand, "It's okay, you're the only one who has the key to this swimming pool right, you're going home from work now?"
	"I live inside the arena and don't go back at night," the man answers.
	That is good.
	Jenny 's heart is relieved, it is reasonable to say that Michael himself must have brought his cell phone, even if he didn't, he would break down the door and shout at the door and someone would come to save him. Let him be alone inside for half an hour, the worst thing she could do is to inform his assistant after half an hour, just as a lesson for him this time.
	Just out of the swimming pool, before walking to the hall, the phone ring. It is a call from Victoria.
	Jenny directly presses the answer button, and before the phone could be fully placed to his ear, she hears a shout from the phone, " I fucking met a psychopathic bastard boss today! I can't do this shitty job, what an internship, I don't want to go!"
	The thunderous sound is heard by almost the entire hall.
	Jenny covers the earpiece hurriedly, "I've got something else going on here, why don't you come along, the director is treating us a dinner."
	"No!" one could feel Victoria's gnashing of teeth through the phone screen, "I'm very upset right now, I want to go for a drink. You'll pick me up after your dinner, I will text you the address, and come collect my body in half an hour."
	"Hey..." Before Jenny finishes her words, the phone is hanging up.
	She says goodbye to the director's team hurriedly and then grabs a taxi to the address given by Victoria.
	Victoria likes to make this kind of things, she knows that she doesn't like to go to the bar, every time she wants to drag her to drink is to run over by herself first and then say that she is drunk and ask her to pick up.
	By Jenny 's knowledge of Victoria, firstly she will not drunk, she is the person who won the championship at the Melbourne Bar Beer Festival in the first place, and secondly, she won't be in danger, she is only as good as the others who are in danger.
	The reason why she must pick her up is that Victoria's temper is particularly fierce after drinks. If people looking at her more than often, she can fight with people, this is the Mainland, where there are many officials and businessmen, and if she injures one or two people's sons and daughters, she will be in big trouble.
	Although the Choi family is also big, it is too far away, far water does not put out near fire, when something happens, her family also can't save her.
	When she thinks of this, Jenny texts Victoria to the bar to asks her to restrain her temper and she would be there right away.
	When Jenny arrives at the bar, all the music in the bar is turned off, the whole place is silent, the big round table in the center of the dance floor with colourful wine on the turntable, and Victoria is standing in front of the table with one hand on the tabletop, looking coldly at the person opposite her.
	"Are you sure you can promise me anything as long as I win?"
	The man standing across the room in a casual blue suit, one hand playing with the expensive watch on his other wrist, hears the words and raises his head looks at her, "You can't win."
	"Victoria..." Jenny pushes through the crowd and runs to her side, she is tugging on her arm and asks, "What are you doing?"
	"Never mind, I've found a solution to my job."
	"What solution?"
	"Lucky Star..."
	Lucky Stars is the bar's signature game, in which the bartender makes several cocktails and places them on the table, labels them with the numbers one through ten and an unknown number will be covered with a question mark, and each person may choose their drink, but the total number must equal the result of the original number.
	Besides, these drinks must include an unknown number of words in the drink, and if you guess wrong once, you must drink all the previous drinks again, and then choose the unknown number of words again until someone finally guesses correctly and the game is over. 
Chapter 91 Deep drinker
	The referee explains the rules to Jennie and the crowd.
	Jenny frowns, the rules aren't hard to understand, in a nutshell, it was the simplest way to add or subtract but you had to take a chance, and if you never find the correct unknown word you need, you needed to keep repeating all the drinks you'd had before.
	"Hold on, I have something to say to my friend, this gentleman, I wonder if he would be willing to give me a moment." Jenny interrupts the game and looks across the room at the man.
	The man looks at her and says slowly, "You'd better advise your friend not to boast, it's not nice to lose, and I don't feel comfortable when I win, and there's never been a woman in this competition before."
	"She's a deep drinker, I’m looking for her to say something else."
	There is a sudden burst of mocking laughter in the crowd, everyone is incredibly sizing up this woman who talks without brains, saying she is a deep drinker in the bar is tantamount to looking for death.
	Also, there are not many people who dare to confront George in the bar, the girl who is not afraid of death is counted as one, and now this one comes out in the middle of the road, what exactly do you want.
	Seeing no one stopping her, Jennie pulls Victoria to the restroom.
	"What exactly do you want? Make it clear to me, or you're not allowed to go."
	Victoria is pushed into the wall by her, her spine is hitting the tiles, and she can't help but cry out in pain and anger, "You're pushing me, I've got something to tell you, and it's about the interview today, and that idiot boss made me wait all day and finally told me that... The position designers are full, and they don't need anyone, so they let me go."
	"Then what?"
	"How could I leave, all my references and such are handed over by my mentor to my boss at IMC, there was absolutely no way I could change jobs. The bartender told me that the man they have here is IMC's famous head designer, if he'd help, I'd keep my job."
	But inside this bar, the man's condition for helping is to win over him on this game of Lucky Star.
	"Are you sure you can win?" Jennie is still worried about her.
	"You don't trust my ability to drink?"
	"But aren't you afraid that even if you've drunk someone, they're going to deny it?"
	Victoria waves her fist, "If he dares to play tricks on me, I'll let him have a taste of this fist." Jenny is afraid of this situation.
	"No, I won't allow you to participate in the competition." Jenny blocks her way.
	"Why?" Victoria stares, "This is my only chance now, that pervert boss, I have to find a chance to meet him, even though he doesn't want to hire me, and I've will try my best to get my information back, and this man says he has a way of doing it."
	"Do you know who this man is?"
	Jenny frowns and wonders if she should tell her.
	"I don't care who he is, he'd better be the kind of person who's a god in Montana City and can completely suppress my faulty boss."
	When it comes to the boss, Victoria is speaking with a face of anger, "You don't know that if I see that pervert then, I would have torn him apart with my hands."
	Hearing this, Jenny hesitates and swallows back the words she is about to say.
	It is better not to say anything about this while she is drinking.
	"You have to promise me that no matter what the result is, you can't start a fight, so I'll let you go."
	"I promise," Victoria holds up the three fingers of her right hand as she is swearing.
	The wine table opened. The bartender has place ten glasses of wine for each number on the table first and the unknown number is placed in the middle around a circle, a total of one hundred bottles have been laid out.
	Jenny looks at the large turntable in the hands of the judge to turn ghostly.
	When the turntable stops, the top pointer is Victoria's number, and the bottom is the other sides.
	"Okay, this side is nineteen," the referee pointed at the large dial, "George is nine."
	In other words, at the very beginning, Victoria has to drink a glass of wine number ten and a glass of wine number eight, then go for the unknown number that was number one, while the other party only had to choose one drink from one to eight and then go for the unknown number that matched the remaining number.
	From the spinning wheel already can see that Victoria is at a disadvantage at the beginning.
	In the first round, Victoria drank the number ten and eight, but opened the unknown number seven and started over. The opponent also drinks an eight but opens a three, and he also starts over.
	On the second round, Victoria still opens the number two, and repeat the round. The other party remains the same, but also opened number two, and start over.
	When it came to the fifth round of drinking, number eight is emptied, and Victoria continues with number ten and seven, while the other party switches to number five.
	Jenny frowns, just now has opened the number three once and the number two twice, it is obvious that the chances of finding a matching unknown with the ending number seven is lowered, she wants to remind Victoria, but the rules are there, and she swallows back her words.
	At the end of the tenth round, the number ten wine clears out, and both sides still haven't found their matching unknowns’ number.
	Victoria starts drinking numbers nine and four. And the other guy is still drinking number five. It seemed like the odds are about the same, and neither number six nor number four has ever been opened.
	But Victoria has drunk two cups of the same amount, and Jenny doesn't know she has blurred her eyes, but she thinks she sees Victoria wobbling a bit.
	As of now, she has probably drunk more than twenty glasses of wine, less than a fraction of the most she had ever drunk.
	But she was a little unsteady on her feet.
	" Victoria..." Jenny exclaims.
	At this moment, Victoria has just finished two glasses of wine, and she is holding the newly selected unknown wine glass in her hand and preparing to drink.
	Suddenly Victoria falls, Jenny reaches out and help her. Victoria falls into her arms, and she is frowning like a she is in pain.
	"Number four!" There is someone suddenly shouting, and the people who were standing behind are cheering, "George has opened to number four, he wins the game."
	Jenny pats Victoria 's blushing face.
	"How about it, your friend was willing to bet, let your friend prepare to come here every night starting next Monday to start the cleaning job, the deadline? When she successfully sells a hundred cases of wine while working as a cleaner." A man's teasing voice comes from overhead.
	Jenny raises her head, her hoarse voice coming out from her black mask, "George, winning a drugged-out competition isn't considered glorious, right?"
	George is startled and has a mocking smile, "Drugged? Where's the evidence? It's no big deal if a pretty girl loses, you can pamper to me, I always have tender affection for women, but why do you have to play this trick with me?"
	Is the woman Luke likes so weak?
	Jenny grits her teeth as she looks at the man in front of her, her eyes are getting colder by the minute, "What if I could prove it?"
Chapter 92 Insignificant skill
	"There's a 90 per cent chance that it's drugged in 10 or 9 because you will drink it all except 10 and 9. There is 90 per cent the drug is inside 10 because Victoria 's drinking capacity is good and the drug is slow to show effect, number nine she only had two glasses, the most likely possibility is that the drug is inside number ten."
	Jenny's gaze sweeps over the empty number ten on the wine table.
	Two minutes ago, George promise her that if she could prove that Victoria wasn't drunk, it does, then he would count this match as his loss, and the promise would be fulfilling.
	George frowns towards the bartender, "Check the composition of the residual alcohol in all the glasses in number ten."
	Jenny holds Victoria in her arms and sits on the sofa, and there are a group of people who are waiting for the bartender to do the composition analysis.
	Five minutes later, the bartender who has a head of red hair busily runs over and tries to whisper to George.
	"Say what you have to say," George pushes him and says.
	"Number ten...number ten drink...it's...drugged...there's two of them..."
	George's face changes instantly.
	Jenny raises her eyebrows at him and says, "In that case, this match is considering that we win, please keep your word, we'll leave first..."
	Jenny holds Victoria with one hand and the two bags, on the other hand, she is trying to move towards the bar entrance.
	"Wait..."George's voice sounds behind her.
	Jenny asks, "Is there anything else?"
	"The wines are pre-mixed, and you say I don't drink nines and tens, but my people didn't know which ones I'd be drinking before deciding on the numbers. Isn't it?"
	George is sitting on the sofa, his hand on the table knocking gently, as if it is a reminder bell, ringing Jenny’s heart.
	The audience is in an uproar.
	George's eyes are teasing and sizing up this smart-aleck woman. It's not unfeasible to play a trick in front of him, just think a little bit more thoughtfully, he understands his people, it can't be his people do it.
	Originally, for the sake of Luke’ face, she could not be embarrassed, but it was just that this woman beside her is too annoying to him, so this matter could not be left like this.
	He would like to see what other explanation she has.
	Jenny helps Victoria turns around slowly, she is entrusting a hand to the bar boy beside her, then she wipes the sweat from her head and raises her arm to point at the big wheel.
	"You say a number,"
	George looks stunned.
	Someone at the bar is trying to block Jenny, but she is very nimble and dodge the people who want to block her, and she stands in front of the turntable, she reaches behind the turntable to move something, she smiles and says, "Just fifteen."
	With that, the turntable turned in her hand. When it stops, the needle underneath is pointing at fifteen. The black magnet from Jenny’s slim fingers fall on the table, "May I know is there anything else I need to explain?"
	George looks towards the referee in charge of the spinning wheel and said coldly, "You may leave."
	"Thank you."
	After the two women left, the referee, who is dressed in black falls his knees in front of George, "We...we...we also want you to drink less, that's why I set a nine, but I didn't drug it."
	"Really?"
	George snorts, "Then should I have to thank you?"
	"No... no... please spare me."
	"Get lost."
	George glances at him and says, once he sees this face, he will remember the scene just now, this is the first time he has lost so humiliatingly.
	Regardless of whether or not the drug is set up by his people, the turntable was tampered with by his people, even if it wasn't, then, in the end, it would turn out that the drug is set up by his people.
	Bunch of idiots. After dealing with the bar, he takes his cell phone into the soundproof compartment and makes a call to Luke.
	As soon as the call is connected, the dejected look just between his eyebrows disappear.
	"Luke, the one in your family and I may have a bit of a falling out today, do you want to consider buying me a drink and giving me the justice,"
	"Have you messed with her?"
	"She's the one who brings her friends to mess with me, okay? Do you want to be so protective?"
	"I told you, don't mess with her."
	"Hey, Luke, do you understand my language? It wasn't me who started it, it was her who came to my bar and brought her friends to make trouble, and she even put drugs in my drink, accusing me of doing it, she humiliates me."
	"..."
	The other end of the phone is silent for a while, seemingly wondering what George meant in those words.
	A long while later, a sentence sounds from the phone, "From your words, you deserve it."
	"Be reasonable...there's no justice..."
	"I've got things to do, I'll hang up."
	"What could you possibly have to do, you..."
	The words are not finished, Luke has hanged up. George stares at the phone interface back to the home screen, and he feels so angry.
	The guy who sells his friend for the sake of a girl.
	On the other hand, someone just hang up the phone and called his "wife".
	Jenny is still in the taxi; she is shocked because of the phone ringing. This taxi driver has been wandered in the bar street, which makes her heart uneasy, she begins to regret just too realistic, Victoria drinks the enhanced alcoholic beverage which contains the drug.
	Now that she is busy answering the phone, the driver's eyes inside the rearview mirror seem to have changed.
	"Hey... you... I..."
	"What's wrong with you?"
	It was Luke 's voice on the phone, and he hears the panic in her tone.
	"It's okay...I'm in a taxi, I'm heading back to my apartment, are you home?"
	"Something wrong with the driver?"
	Jenny nods and answered yes, and she is panicking.
	A cold male voice sounds inside the phone.
	"Start with my next sentence, follow my words and talk to me until you get home, and I'll ask Chen to meet you in front of the apartment."
	"Okay."
	"I had arrived home and brought you a midnight snack."
	"You're home?" Jenny follows his words with a retort.
	The driver's demeanour changes significantly.
	"No more supper, I'm losing weight."
	"You're not fat, I told my brother to wait for you downstairs, the license plate number is the picture you sent to me just now, right?"
	"Well, the orange taxi, the car plate number just sent to you, remember let your brother takes a look, this is the first time I meet your brother, you also don't inform me earlier, I reek of alcohol."
	Not knowing where the story comes from, Jenny feels like she knows what she's babbling about. Anyway, it was just by acting.
	The driver gradually drives down the main road, the streetlights flashing on and off to calm her down.
	The only sound that can be heard in the car was the sound of she is chatting with Luke as if they are a young couple who has just fallen in love and preparing to meet each other's relatives.
	This moment, a heart that has been deliberately frozen for a long time suddenly trembled. 
Chapter 93 Returning at Night
	When she gets out of the taxi, Jenny feels her legs are trembling, if Chen is not waiting at the entrance of the community, she seriously doubts that she would be able to walk back to the apartment, not to mention that she is still dragging a crazy person who is unconscious behind her.
	There is another man also standing at the entrance of the community, sturdy body, dark skin, looks unsmiling and indifferent. He looks at the taxi driver, "What's your name?"
	The driver looks guilty and starts the car hurriedly, seemingly cursing some word then running away without a trace.
	Little Chen pushes Victoria onto the sturdy man, "Hayden, hold on to our young lady's friend."
	Jenny is sizing up the man in front of her.
	Chen hesitates and remembers that he hasn't been introduced, "Right, young lady, I forget to introduce him to you. This is our young master's bodyguard, Hayden, he's very skilled, just that skinny driver, his finger..."
	"You want to try it?"
	Hayden tilts his head and gives Chen a cold glance.
	Chen quickly shuts his mouth, avoiding Hayden impatient gaze, then he looks at Jenny, "Young lady, the young master asks me to buy you some night snack."
	Jenny hesitates and looks at someone who has fallen inside Hayden’s arms, " Victoria looks quite light she is quite heavy."
	Victoria is not a bonny, just she has been exercising along these years, so her body shape is more symmetrical, but the body is all solid muscles very heavy, plus she has a height of 1.7 meters, so holding her is a bit...
	Jenny hasn't finished her words; Hayden has hug Victoria walk towards the apartment.
	Chen says, "Never underestimated him, young lady."
	Jenny folds her arms and says, "Forget what I had said."
	"Then let's hurry back for supper, Young Master asks me to bring over a midnight snack while it's hot."
	Chen makes a gesture of invitation after his words.
	Jenny smiles and takes a step towards the apartment.
	In the apartment, Hayden puts the person in his arms on the bed and he is tugged by a pair of small hands when he wants to leave.
	"Who are you, handsome boy?" Someone on the bed squints her eyes and looks like a lustful person.
	Hayden frowns, "Awake?"
	"Well," she nods with a blink of her big eyes and asks, "Are you still leaving when I wake up?"
	Hayden looks at the pair of hands with impatience.
	Victoria retracts her hands, strangling the blanket on her body. She looks at Hayden's chest, the chest through a layer of the black shirt is strong, the muscles seem to be exposed.
	"You have a great body, handsome boy."
	"How many is this?" Hayden stretches out five fingers and shakes them in front of her.
	Victoria feels a spiral, "You slow down... it's so dizzy..."
	Before she finishes her sentence, her entire body falls onto the pillow and falls unconscious again.
	When Jenny comes back, she was seeing Hayden coming out from the bedroom and ready to be left.
	"How about a cup of tea?" She is polite.
	"No need."
	Hayden pats the folds on his cloth and looks at her, "Your friend is not sober right now, give her some sober soup, and iced waxberry inside the freezer, and gives me the phone."
	Jenny is stunned, usually this is the time to remember the number.
	She is busy pulling her phone out of her pocket, her phone is tangled up in a mess of headphone cables, and it takes half a day before she hands it out.
	"The password is..."
	Before Jenny tells him her phone's password, the man in front of her already unlocks her phone, and the sound of unlocking ring out, it is bringing an echo inside the living room.
	"How did you do that?" Jenny stares at him and stuns for a moment.
	"This is my phone number if need anything you can call me. I’m always staying at Montana City and young master only come back after two days. After saying this, he just left.
	Jenny looks at the empty doorway and suddenly realizes another problem.
	"Chen, do you have the key to my house?"
	"No."
	Chen is setting the supper on the table and answers her question, he suddenly reacts to the meaning of Jenny’s question and looks up to touch his head and adds on, "Hayden opened it, he said he would change the lock for you someday, this lock is too unskilled."
	Jenny feels her brain can't function well. The people around Luke are all genius, is this a bodyguard? This is a special agent, right.
	Victoria doesn't wake up until the next day afternoon, Jenny orders take-out and eats in the living room. Victoria rushes out, not even wearing a pair of shoes on her feet.
	"What happened last night, did our plan finally work?"
	Jenny unwraps the takeaway boxes one by one and greets her as she sits down to eat, saying slowly, "Guess what."
	"Don't make me guess, just tell me quickly, if that whatever George didn't agree to help me, I'll be dead, if my dad finds out this thing, he will think that I did something wrong."
	Victoria looks like she's in a hurry.
	"If he promises then I make sure my plan is in order."
	Jenny sighs helplessly and says, "You sit down and eat first."
	"Really?"
	"What's the point of me lying to you?"
	"That's good... that's good."
	Victoria pats her chest, "Did that George says anything? How does he help me, is he going to ask my boss to meet me for dinner and introduce me?”
	"You don't know who George is?" Jenny looks grudgingly at Victoria. Since last night, she had recognized George right after she entered the bar, only Victoria, the one who came back from abroad, didn't recognize him.
	Victoria has no idea about the business community in Montana City, not even why her boss refuses to see her, not even knowing who the other guy is when she went to the bar. Luckily, she is meeting George, if any other dude, she is afraid what's going on right now. Maybe she will wake up in the hotel room.
	"Identity? He's very distinguished?" Victoria like murmurs to herself, "Yeah, he said he could help me, so he must be so capable in Montana City. Oh my god, I should have taken action with him on the plane."
	"Take action?" Jenny is shocked and putting down the box and looking up at Victoria, "Who you fight with?"
	Victoria is stunned, and when she sees that Jenny’s face is not right, she is a bit hesitant and swallows her words, "It's just... it's just, that whatever George who drank with me last night..."
	"What?" Jenny slaps the table and stands up, her face looks serious, "You said that the person you beat up on the plane was George?" 
Chapter 94 Offended
	Victoria is so shocked by Jenny sudden reaction that she doesn't speak for a few seconds.
	"What's wrong...you know my...my temper...has never been very good...so it's not...it's not a surprise, right?"
	And hasn't that already been said? Jenny is speechless.
	Yeah, the temper isn't too good, but beating up the big boss of her own company, and last night winning her boss and forcing him to agree to her terms. Now she feels Victoria 's internship career will be going to be very rough.
	"Is he having a great identity in Montana City?" Victoria sizes up Jenny’s face cautiously, "How about I send him a gift? Red wine or something, my dad still has a few bottles of good wine in his cellar..."
	"Forget it..." Jenny waves her hand and sighs, "When you go to the office today, you'll see, I'm afraid it's useless although you took empty your father's wine cellar."
	As we all know, the predecessor of IMC was an advertising department under the HF Group, and when the group expand, the advertising department was separated and distributed to several heirs of the HF Group. The HF Group was the foundation of the Qiao family in Montana City, the Qiao family was a large family with outstanding children, and the least learned is the youngest George Qiao.
	So when the advertising department was given to him, he wasn't expected to do well, originally the advertising department was a department that relied on handicrafts, and the management wasn't very important, so he was a boss who just no need to do anything.
	As it turned out, the Qiao family's elders were very far-sighted, and IMC became one of the country's top advertising agencies.
	It's not surprising that people in Montana City don't know who IMC's CEO is, because IMC's various departments do their jobs without interfering with each other, and the CEO never comes out to deal with things. But in those big events, George will attend as the CEO of IMC, and he likes to hang out in the entertainment industry and has some relationships with some female artists, so Jenny naturally knows about him.
	When she first heard that Victoria has joined IMC, she thought there was no problem, the talent there is fancy. Victoria 's professional standard is quite well, and she is just an intern, there is no chance for her to meet the CEO.
	However, things don't go as plan, but the president personally rejected her resume. At first, Jenny also feels surprised, George is free to embarrass people. Now it seems that it's not idle to do nothing, it's specifically trying to embarrass this girl.
	Before Victoria goes out, Jenny pulls her hand and instructs her a thousand times, if you see anything unpleasant, you must restrain yourself.
	"You've said it all countless times."
	"You have to listen."
	"Don't worry, I've kept my job and I'm in a good mood, I won't do anything about it even if my boss yells at me."
	"What if... what if..." Jenny mutters and mumbles, "What if you meet George again today?"
	"Meet George?" Victoria blinks, "Of course I have to thank him, not only do I have to thank him, but I also have to apologize to him for what happened on the plane earlier, he helped me out so much."
	"That's good..." Jenny let out a long sigh of relief.
	After sending Victoria away, she simply cleans up the house, the next shooting is scheduled for next month, she guesses that she will have to live here then, she feels the trouble of moving around. She is thinking of waiting for Luke to come back and discuss with him that she will live in the apartment this year.
	The notice from Eshmour hasn't come down yet, so whether the spokesperson is her or Sky hasn't been decided yet.
	But the two small advertising endorsements the company has received and ready to sign, Elisa said the other party will bring the contract over in the next two days, if there is no mistake, at least one of the endorsements is hers.
	As she was thinking about it, the phone ringing inside the living room. She wipes her hands and walks to the sofa to pick up the phone.
	"Elisa..."
	"Where were you last night?" Elisa 's voice was a bit hoarse, but for some reason, her voice was weak as if she has no strength at all.
	"I'm... going back home from the shoot location, is there something wrong? "
	"Michael's director and the agent have called me several times, I had something going on last night and didn't receive a call, I found out in the morning, but when called, it was hung up directly, did you offend someone."
	Currently, the only artist in Elisa’s hands was Jenny who had contact with Michael his agent and director had been calling her all night, so she couldn't think of anything else to do other than Jenny.
	"Offended? Not... "Jenny directly denies. If Elisa is in front of her right now, she would probably reveal herself.
	"It's good that there isn't any, Michael is the best actor, and he has a wide network in the circle, so it is not good for you to offend him."
	Jenny is stunned, why does Elisa suddenly become so easy to talk to today? There are no questions and more importantly, she forgets to call Michael’s director to remind him last night.
	" Elisa, what exactly is it that Teacher Song's side is looking for you for?" Her tone is as cautious as possible, not daring to ask two obvious questions.
	Elisa coughs twice, " It's probably nothing... I asked the people at Brilliant Entertainment, and they said he has a high fever after going back from the swimming pool, and they have rejected several events, and movie promotion. I don't know what happened, but a person who is usually quite good-tempered firmly disagreed with a script with a female artist from our company this time. It shouldn't have anything to do with you, so I'll just ask you."
	" Elisa... are you not feeling well?"
	Jenny listens to the unstoppable cough on the other end of the phone and a bit worry.
	"I'm fine... you rest well these two days, there's a script for a new director, I take it, you come to the company tomorrow and have a look, and if it is, I'll go and negotiate the price for you."
	"I'm free right now, I can go..."
	"Do... don't...
	I'm training for the newcomers now...
	I don't have time to take care of you when you're here... You need to settle down for the next two days... I don't have the strength to deal with all of you..."
	Elisa quite takes care of her; she is saying that she is in the company to help training newcomers. Jenny listens to the voice also do not know whether she is sick or what.
	After hung up the phone, she tidies up herself, put on her mask and sunglasses and goes to buy something to visit Elisa. 
Chapter 95 Eating Hotpot Together
	The third floor of the Jade Picture building.
	Inside the dance classroom, seven or eight young girls were practising dance.
	"The two girls over there are well qualified," Elisa leans on one side of the chair and points to the two in the corner.
	"But those two aren't very good dancers..." the dance teacher frowns.
	"The company picks the artists, not the dancers." Elisa gives a glance at the dance teacher, "Those two have are the best, they have enough style, but they just don't look very obedient, You teach them some more time, and if you get results, I'll talk to the company and pick two to debut first."
	"Single or group?"
	"The group, none of them are professional, and I don't know if they have any talent for acting. The company meant to be a group first, low cost and it's easier to make it."
	"Now these little girls are all proud, and they'll end up flying solo even after making the group."
	"What's the use of being arrogant."
	Mentioning this matter, Elisa was angry, "There was a girl here who come to train, why doesn't she come these two days. The one in the yellow dress."
	"Ada, right?" The dance teacher says, "She is taken out by Christina and says she is a guest performance for a play."
	"Isn't she newcomer? What about company rules?"
	The company has a clear system that newcomers are not allowed to take any scenes outside.
	"That, I'm not sure."
	The dance teacher can't answer Elisa’s question.
	Yesterday morning Christina came over to pick up people, with Jessica’s agent Tony. Tony has always had a good relationship with the various studios, she didn't think much about it, she received some cosmetics and released them, which would make Elisa asks about this, although she says she can't control this, in the end, she has received something, so she feels guilty and can't answer.
	"The artist is staying with you, where they go you have to be responsible, what's the matter with you?"
	"Elisa, don't worry, it's just that taken a movie, it's in Film City, I had asked there is no problem, it's just that she is going to work out, also there's no signing a contract without a financial relationship, just showing up."
	"Well, there's no contract to sign..."
	Elisa's face gets even worse. She walks straight out of the dance studio and says, "I really can't talk to you," She must now go to talk to Mr. Wang.
	The company doesn't allow artists to take on any outside scenes because they're not ready to make their debut. The second is that there are too many rules involved out there, and if you're not careful, you'll be cheated, and then you'll still have to take the company for a ride when something happens.
	When Jenny arrives at the office with her cakes and coffee, Elisa is talking inside the office with William.
	Daniel greets her very warmly, but Jenny stands at the door and doesn't go in. She pulls Daniel and asks, "Do me a favour, go downstairs Starbucks and get some drinks and foods, and come up here and give all of them."
	"What do you care about them?" Daniel tosses a wink, "You have one in your hand, don't you give it to me on purpose?"
	"I originally go to the dance studio to look for Elisa, Elisa seems to be unwell, Teacher Berlin said Elisa come here to meet William. There is no place to go, so I only back here, the things are given in the dance studio. You do not talk nonsense, hurry up and go!"
	Daniel stomps his foot, "Such a waste I support you from the bottom of my heart,"
	"Okay... okay...go on." Jenny even pushes Daniel's back, urging him to go out and buy something.
	Daniel escapes her hand with a turn and runs into the department, "Guys and girls, stop the thing in hand, Jenny wants to treat everyone to eat and drink something. I am responsible for procurement, so you guys order what you want to eat and drink."
	"Really," the office is in an uproar, "Jenny is to receive the endorsement but also do not forget us."
	"I want Starbucks ice mocha..."
	"The mocha, and the Matcha cake..."
	"I want the cookies and fresh juice from the shop across the street."
	"Is there any crawfish, is it a little small these days..."
	The noise makes Daniel off guard and he says, "Hey guys, Starbucks only. What crawfish, barbecue, why don't you guys say hot pot, trying to tire out me is it."
	"Then hotpot...it can be delivered to your door; we'll eat in the conference room..."
	Jenny stands in the doorway with her arms folds, she is feeling sorry for her wallet while she is laughing at the Daniel.
	It's called penny wise pound foolish.
	"Okay, okay guys, can you leave me alone, just Starbucks, don't toss it, my back isn't too good these days."
	"Ouch, Daniel has been tossing his back in some guy's bed for the past two days..."
	"Fuck you!"
	Daniel glares at the person who has spoken. He is raising his orchid shapes finger and ready to curse, and somehow suddenly he turns his gaze and lands in the doorway of the director's office, his voice immediately weakens, "Director Lawrence..."
	The office was silent. When Jenny turns around and sees Lawrence, the smile in her face disappeared without a trace.
	"Director Lawrence."
	"What are you laughing at? So happy?" Lawrence presses the complex emotions in his heart when he sees Jenny. He asks a question, trying to defuse the awkward atmosphere now.
	Daniel immediately took over, "Jenny said to invite all of us to have afternoon tea, we are discussing what to eat, do you want to drink or eat what?"
	"Are you guys enjoying afternoon tea at this hour?" Lawrence lifts his wrist to check the time.
	"Yes, that's why we said we are going to order the hot pot." The woman in the cubicle stuck her head out and answers with a smile.
	"Fuck you," Daniel gives her a white eye, "It's almost the end of the day, what's with the hot pot. You're not going home for a date with your boyfriend?"
	"It's fine if everyone wants to eat hotpot, let's book it, my treat." Once Lawrence's words out, the whole place again in uproar.
	Jenny frowns, she is carrying her coffee and dessert and preparing to leave quietly.
	Lawrence keeps his eyes on her, and he quickly blocks her when he sees she wants to leave, "Jenny, eat with all of us, your reality show just finishes filming, it's just time to have a meeting with everyone to discuss it."
	Jenny lifts her head and looks at Lawrence's face, not knowing why she just doesn't feel like having any contact with him anymore.
	"No, I have something else to do..." Lawrence wants to say something more. Just then, the elevator door suddenly opens, and Elisa comes out from inside the elevator.
	Daniel immediately runs to ask Elisa if she wants to eat hot pot together.
	Elisa waves her hand, "You guys eat, I'm not too comfortable with my throat to eat, I'm ready to go downstairs and drink some porridge, I'm going back first."
	Jenny takes the opportunity and says, "I can't eat either, I'll go with Elisa, Elisa doesn't look too good."
	Elisa is stunned, and after sweeping a glance at Jenny, she immediately knows what this girl is thinking.
	"Okay, just as well, I'll tell you about that new script."
Chapter 96 Who to eat hotpot with?
	As Jenny walks away, Frankie subconsciously reaches out and tugs on her arm, "Jenny, it's just a meal, you..."
	The office is so quiet that people even can hear a needle dropping onto the ground.
	Jenny lowers her head to look at the hand on her arm, a trace of disgust flash in her eyes. Although her expression is not obvious, Frankie sees that and he startled, and let go of her hand.
	Since when they have started to become so strange and loathsome to each other?
	The people in the office look at each other, no one dares to speak.
	Jenny sweeps a glance at Frankie and says, "I heard that you and Jessica are in love. Congratulations."
	"Jenny, you..."
	"Remember to invite me to your wedding party"
	Frankie is silent for a few seconds then he forces a smile.
	"Definitely..."
	After Jenny left, Daniel stands behind Frankie and rolls his eyes. There is someone who doesn't understand the situation and asks, "Jenny is gone, Frankie, do we still order the hotpot?"
	Frankie doesn't speak as if he hasn't heard.
	"Eat. you just know how to eat." Daniel glares at the girl who has spoken and lowers his voice and says, "You should be ready to take the hint."
	The girl cringes and doesn't dare to speak anymore.
	Frankie looks at the elevator, he turns around to his office when he sees the lift goes down to the first floor. When he almost reaches the door, he says, "Order the hotpot."
	The entire office re-bursting into boisterous cheers.
	Frankie stays at his office and leans against the back of the door, a trace of inexpressible grief crossing his eyes, as if the noise outside the door has nothing to do with him.
	The phone inside the pocket has been ringing again. Since the wedding date has been set, Jessica has pushed a lot of drama and concentrate on the wedding matters at home. Frankie doesn't want to care about those things, but it's just that Jessica has countless phone calls every day to ask for his opinion.
	"Hello..." His voice penetrates with a hint of fatigue.
	"Frankie, come with me to try on the wedding dresses after you knock off, I have made an appointment."
	"I've got a company department staff dinner tonight, you go ahead, I'll be there as soon as I can,"
	"You'll have to try on your dress too, or I'll wait for you."
	"Just pick any set, I believe your judgment."
	"Frankie..." There is a coquettish voice on the other end of the phone, "You have promised to come with me, and I have made an appointment with the designer. Today is not a festival, why you have a company dinner, are you hiding something from me?"
	"The company is holding some activities, why do you have to think so much?" Frankie is impatience and asks, "If you don't trust me, why you want to marry me?"
	"Frankie, that's not what I mean..."
	"Alright, I still have things to do, I may not go back tonight, you may rest early."
	Jessica bites her lip, she can't hold back when she hears this sentence, "Frankie, Jenny went to the company isn't it, so you don't want to come back is something to do with her right?"
	"Who tells you that?"
	"You just tell me, are you?" Jessica's voice was trembling.
	"Are you crazy? Why don't you come to the office now and see if Jenny is still there, or if she is present at our departmental dinners? If you want to doubt me, please be logic. Jessica, I see that you have been tormented by your best friends."
	Frankie holds his forehead inside the office and frowns, "Calm yourself down."
	After saying this, he directly hangs up the phone. On the other end of the phone, in the villa, Jessica looks at the phone's black screen, and she is full of incredulity. This was the first time that Frankie has taken the initiative to hang up her phone.
	The wedding has been set on a date, the elders of Frankie's family like her very much, Frankie's mother even accompanies her to pick a wedding dress and the wedding venue. But from the beginning of the wedding preparations, Frankie has barely expressed his opinion, even things like to try on the wedding dress he is not care as if he is escaping from something.
	She looks at herself in the mirror, she is still beautiful and still young. But why she has come to this point, she already has what she wants to like her career and a man she loves, but she still feels lonely?
	It's because of Jenny, if she exists, her aura will always be covered up.
	She has waited for so long after her mother remarried to a wealthy family. When she thinks she can change her life and enroll in a bilingual school or being the lead dancer, or the qualification to have early admission to the university. All the chances are grabbed by Jenny, it seems Jenny is the obstacle in her life.
	The concubine?
	So, what if her mother is a concubine, her original living place is like a slum. Her father always drunk and beat her. If her mother hasn't found a rich man to be a mistress, and then people's original spouse has died unexpectedly, her life might have been tied to the slums for the rest of her life.
	So, what about society's morals, she just must do her best to grab what she wants.
	A porridge shop near the Jade Picture building.
	Shawn has ordered a bowl of porridge and a soup dumpling. She sizes up Jenny and frowns, "You should keep your figure, are you controlling yourself lately?"
	Jenny's face is stiffened, she is thinking of what she has eaten, whether she is eating nutritiously in the Flower House or eating and drinking without scruples with Victoria during the recording of the show, it seems those are the taboo for Shawn.
	"Don't eat anything tonight, and drink less water, it's easy to have oedema."
	Shawn hands the menu to the waiter to avoid Jenny orders food.
	"Okay, I won't eat..." Jenny withdraws her hand, she places the coffee and dessert on the side of the table and handing it to Shawn, "I guess you have to wait for the porridge for a while, you can eat some of this to pad your stomach."
	Shawn coughs and nods after receiving the coffee, she is looking a hesitated and stops talking.
	"Have you been to the hospital?" Jenny follows up with a question.
	"Just a cold, nothing serious, no need to go."
	"That's not good, you think it's a little cold if it's been a long time it might trigger pneumonia or something like else..." Jenny pauses her words and sneaks a look at Shawn," I'm not cursing you, I just hope you can go to the hospital and have a check. There are people in the company, so don't worry and go to have a check."
	"I'm so strict with you, I didn't even let you eat when you were training before your debut, and you don't hate me?"
	Jenny is stunned when she hears Shawn's question.
	This was probably the first time Shawn has asked her such words.
# Chapter 97 Nude scene
	"Shawn, what are you talking about? The reason you have not allowed me to eat is to help me to control my weight. When I had an interview for the endorsements last time, the people also said that I need to lose a little more weight."
	Jenny is trying to explain, she is afraid that Shawn is listening to any gossip from anyone in the company and has a misunderstanding about her.
	"Shawn, I swear I didn't say anything bad about you."
	Shawn waves her hand and says, "I know."
	Some of the artists of the company are just superficially well-behaved, but they have another attitude behind the backs. She could know them well after so many years of meeting countless people.
	"This is the script the director gives me, take a look at it first, and if it's appropriate, I'll go back and help you discuss with them."
	Shawn takes out the script from her huge canvas bag and handles it to Jenny.
	She has also participate various movies and TV dramas, and this time it is a supporting role, and the character is the best friend of the female leading role, and it is quite a pleasant character.
	"You can just decide this kind of thing for me, I trust your judgment."
	"Still, you have to see for yourself."
	"Okay."
	Jenny flips through the script and reads two pages, hesitating, "Is the actress set?"
	"Not yet the investors are interested in looking for Jessica, but Jessica side won't take it by all means."There is no need to explain this, Jenny nods her head and understands what she means.
	Jessica has three months of pregnancy, now she doesn’t accept any drama. She just takes part in some variety show to keep her popularity. The media may not know, but many people in the company are speculating that Jessica is pregnant.
	And the truth is, she is indeed pregnant. As she was thinking about it, another coughing sound comes from the other side.
	Jenny closes the script and serves the tea to Shawn, "I'm just a newcomer and I doesn't have any requirements for the script. So, I can do any scene."
	Shawn takes a sip of tea and asks, "What about the nude scenes?"
	When Jenny hears that, she suddenly stuns and doesn't know how to answer the question.
	"Remember what I told you when we signed the contract, sometimes doing nude scenes is a phase in your life, but some people take it off and getting value, some people take it off for just a price, some people take it off and still can wear it, and some people, when they take it off, they can't wear it for the rest of their lives."
	Jenny looks down at the script in her hand, she feels the script is a hot potato.
	Shawn sweeps a glance at her and says indifferently, "Don't worry, there are no nude scenes in this script, just to tell you in advance, recently many newcomers in the company have secretly taken scenes outside without telling us."
	"What?" Jenny stares at her, "How dare they are? The company's rules are not allowed to do that."
	Shawn frowns, "Since the acquisition, the newcomers' minds are not quite right, I don't know how many times they have been violated behind the back. I heard that the girl who at the dance studio, Ada, she has a good relationship with Tony and Christina, and she's out again to take the show."
	“Ada?” Jenny ponders the name for a while, it sounds a bit familiar, and then she thinks of Christina and suddenly remembers, "Is it the last time the girl who interview the endorsements with me? She looks quite quiet."
	"That's her, this girl hasn't graduated from college yet, she's a little younger than you, she is introduced in by Christina, and at the time she looks like an obedient girl. I don't expect Christina messes up more things than you."
	Originally Jenny doesn’t feel anything with the previous words, it is when she hears the last sentence, Jenny feels wrong.
	She is not intentionally wanting to make trouble, it is hard for her to shoot the drama, somehow, she will involve with the news with the male artist she has cooperate, and then she will be scolding by those male artist's fans.
	After about three or four films, all have the same problem.
	In this regard, Victoria says that she belongs to the person who attracts men to love and women to hate, which has nothing to do with her character, but with her looks.
	Jenny feels she is very wrong, "Shawn, that negative news doesn't have much to do with me, I didn't make it..."
	For example, there is a scene six months ago where she is cast with a male actor who is also a newcomer. They are playing a happy couple in the scene, Jenny is experienced, she has taught him a lot. When the day of the film is complete, the male artists put a picture of two people after a drink, the result is interpreted by the media as an open romance.
	The male artist is a singer before acting, and he has lots of fans, that time Jenny's social media are full of abuse.
	The public relations send out to clarify and it becomes a deliberate whitewash. The fans say that Jenny pretends to be noble, and finally, she has no choice but to turn off the social media, therefore the things are solved.
	Shawn glances at her, "I told you this circle is so big, I don't want you to get involved too much. Do you think they are just after you in the first place? Look at people's current worth."
	When that incident happens in the first place, Jenny's side sends a clarification and then says nothing, but the male artist's side is sending lots of clarification and because of the paid posters, now the male artist is becoming famous but Jenny still on the edge.
	Jennie was the first to be awarded the Golden Bear Award. The PR of the male artist is using this as a publicity stunt. Jenny has suffered a loss of endorsement at that time. The endorser feels that falling in love with an infamous artist is undoubtedly self-destruction.
	"I know you don't like a publicity stunt; I can understand, I also want you to make a good movie, you're not like the other artists in the company. Acting is your strength. I'll do my best to help you get it, but you must listen to what I have to say. The entertainment industry is a big dye vat, and even if you walk carefully, you might get a handful of dirty water caught by the people inside the dye vat..."
	Shawn looks very serious; this is not the first time she has talked to her about this. In the past she always doesn't take it seriously, always feels that she doesn't have a reputation, and no one will take advantage of her, at most, just avoid dinners and avoid everything.
	But now it is different, she wants to be famous, she wants people to find her. She must go to dinner and face the news on herself.
	The negative press of her premarital pregnancy has made her reputation stink again, but now she has the exposure so that's why she has the endorsement and the script.
	"Shawn, I'm following you."
Chapter 98 The Girl Who Doesn't Know What She's Doing
	"Okay, you always say this every time." Shawn coughs more and sees the waiter is coming.
	This place is near to Jade Pictures, there are a few artists who come to eat, and the waiter is used to it and doesn't feel anything.
	"Are you hungry, do you want some porridge?"
	Shawn asks a question.
	Jenny has no appetite at all when she looks at the porridge, she shakes her head, "It's fine, I'm losing weight."
	Shawn nods her head and looks like she appreciates it.
	Jenny is leaning on the back of the chair and drinking tea, she has eaten before coming to the office. So, she is not hungry at this moment.
	Shawn receives a phone call when she is eating, and when she answers the phone, she looks gloomy and looks at Jenny for several times, which makes Jenny thinks that this matter is related to herself.
	After hanging up the phone, Shawn lowers her head and continues to eat, Jenny does not dare to ask more questions.
	She asks carefully when Shawn finishes her meal, "Who's call is it?"
	"The assistant director of that Elizabeth movie," Shawn answers as she wipes her mouth. She is looking nervous, and left hurriedly after dropping a sentence, "I still have things to do, I'll leave first, be careful when you go home."
	Jenny is standing up and asking after her, "Shawn, are they saying something?"
	She feels that this matter is related to her. Elizabeth is another female artist under Shawn. These years she has been acting supporting roles, and hard to get a leading role, finally she can get the female leading role and the male leading role is Michael. Shawn is taking this chance very seriously, and Elizabeth also.
	"I don't know yet, it's said that Michael's side is unwilling to work with Elizabeth. This is the first female leading role drama that Elizabeth has a hard time to get. I'll go see and check it out."
	"I'll go with you."
	"What are you going to do?" Shawn frowns at her, "The hospital is a crowded place, you can't go to see Michael, so go home, don't go anywhere, go back and treating your skin with masks and getting ready for the endorsement, do you hear me?"
	Jenny stands still, she is feeling her steps are weighing a thousand pounds.
	Shawn is also doing her parts good, but she feels that it is not that simple, not to mention that Michael is a vengeful person. From the fact that he is very serious about his work, but this time he rejects all the activities, that means that he has an illness, so what is going on last night?
	On the way home in the taxi, she hesitates for a long time to call the director of the variety show she and Michael have participated in, fortunately, she left the number for the convenience of contacting her when she was filming.
	The person who receives her call seems a little surprised, "Jenny? Is there something I can do for you?"
	"Well, I heard that Teacher Song is sick, and last night you called Shawn, what's going on?"
	"Yesterday didn't we get together, Teacher Song came out first, then he said he went to the restroom, but when you came out and he didn't come back, we couldn't call him, so we thought he had left. So, we didn't bring him to dinner. Who knew that Mr. Song's agent called me in the midnight and say Teacher Song couldn't be found, and I didn't have your number, so I had a calls with your agent and want to ask if you knew about it, but it didn't get through, and then that side said they already found him, so I didn't bother you."
	The other side of the phone seems to be thirsty and drinks a glass of water, "It's weird, that side didn't tell me exactly where they found him. But he has rejected a lot of activities today, saying that he is sick with pneumonia and that he is hospitalized, and I just came back from the hospital to offer my condolences on behalf of the cast."
	Michael's director is a young guy, a simple-minded person, who only tells what he knows, but Jenny has pretty much understood.
	If she isn't mistaken, Michael has been freezing alone inside the swimming pool for the entire night. The heating is turning off after 10 pm, it is hard to imagine how he stays there the whole night.
	Jenny's is nervous it seems like these things become more serious.
	"Sir, please turn around and go to the city hospital."
	She was the one who has done something wrong, she must apologize in person.
	It is already dark when the car near to the city hospital, and Jenny buys a bouquet and covers up to enter the hospital.
	Michael's ward is very eye-catching, and the door is filled with baskets of flowers, as if a grand shop opening ceremony, with all the writing on condolences to Teacher Song.
	The first time she sees such a scene, Jenny feels she is shuddering and has the illusion that Michael will have died soon.
	As she has this thought, she shakes her head hurriedly. What are you thinking about? If something happens to him, you'll be in trouble, too. Jenny thinks a lot in her minds.
	After getting rid of the messy thoughts inside her head, she approaches the ward with the flower basket, she is hiding behind the flower basket and watching the door of the ward.
	The door of the ward is open, the sound of conversation inside a clear, Jenny hears the voice of Shawn.
	"Teacher Song, you had contacted Elizabeth before, didn't you think she was pretty good?"
	"Alright, Michael is going to rest, Shawn, don't try to persuade him, come out and talk to me if you have anything to say."
	After the man words, two people walk to the doorway and talk.
	Jenny is hiding easily behind the baskets of flowers, and she uses the flowers in her hand as a cover as well.
	"Why is Teacher Song suddenly reluctant to take up a scene with Elizabeth?"
	Shawn stands at the door and questions, "Isn't this all signed? It's not quite appropriate to unilaterally break the contract, right."
	"Shawn, don't be anxious, you also know that Michael’s reputation in the industry is very good, if there isn't anything wrong, we won't make Elizabeth in a difficult situation. We don't intend to make things difficult for this scene, we break the contract, the director can find another actor to play with Elizabeth."
	The director doesn't want to find someone to replace Michael, probably the director would change the actress since he doesn't want to change the actor either.
	Jenny hides behind the flower basket to see the man who spoke, the man is wearing casual clothes, looking thin and frail, he is Michael's agent.
	"I think there must be a misunderstanding." Shawn is sick and she doesn't have the momentum she always has when she is speaking.
	"There's no misunderstanding,"
	The man says in a tone with a bit of mockery, "If you want to know the reason, why don't you go back and ask your subordinates? The one who calls Jenny that, she doesn't look like a very sensible girl, she can be quite a troublemaker."
	Jenny's is stunned.
	It's always time to come. 
Chapter 99 Talk tomorrow
	Shawn seems she doesn't understand what the man says, she frowns and asks, "What does this have to do with Jenny?"
	"You'll know if you go back and ask."
	After the man finishes his words, he turns around and enters the hospital room and, it is looking like he is refusing to see visitors.
	Jenny hides behind the basket of flowers and doesn't dare to breathe.
	It is most unwise she goes out at this moment.
	Shawn stands in the same place for a moment, she takes her phone from the pocket and presses something.
	The corridor suddenly ringing loudly, Jenny scares and quickly covers the phone in her arms and remembers to cover herself with a bouquet. However, it is useless.
	Shawn is looking for the source of the sound, and she is startled to see a certain figure who is wearing a moon-white jacket behind the flower basket. She frowns and asks, "Jenny?"
	Jenny sticks her head out from behind the bouquet and says with a smile, "Shawn... you're here too, what a coincidence..."
	The car is driving to the city centre, the atmosphere inside the car is cold.
	Shawn doesn't ask her anything after getting into the car. She drives seriously, Jenny sits in the passenger seat, she is thinking about how to explain to Shawn and let her not too angry.
	It's been driving to the door of the apartment, no one made any noise inside the car.
	When getting out of the car, Jenny asks a tentative question, "Shawn, do you want to go up and have a tea?"
	"No need, the endorsement will be signed tomorrow afternoon, I'll pick you up at nine in the morning."
	"Shawn, Michael's matter..."
	"Let's talk after signing the contract tomorrow..." Shawn interrupts Jenny's words then she lefts.
	Jenny stands at the door for a while and she is feeling a little frustrated.
	Shawn is a proud and arrogant person, she doesn't let herself explain Michael's matter now, perhaps because she wants to hold her temper down and sign the endorsement first, otherwise, if it falls out, what about tomorrow's endorsement?
	It is dark inside the house when Jenny returns home.
	Jenny frowns and stands still at the door; Victoria hasn't come back?
	Before Jenny reaches to the wall to switch on the light. There is a sudden "pop" sound in the ear, the room lights up, and then a ghostly voice sounds in the ear, "Jenny..."
	"Oh my gosh..." Jenny's legs almost not standing still.
	The woman with the cape is standing in front of her, she is wearing a white dress and looking at her.
	After seeing the person, Jenny slams the bag and roars in shock.
	"Victoria! How you dare to scare me!"
	Victoria tidies up the long hair on her head and holds her arms and asks, "Jenny, do you already know that the dead pervert boss is George?"
	Jenny doesn't dare to talk, she is holding his chest and slowly answers, "Yes."
	"Why you didn't tell me? Are you trying to see my jokes?"
	Jenny changes her slippers and looks at Victoria helplessly, "Hey, be reasonable, how many times have I reminded you, George is not an easy man to mess with...”
	"Why don't you just say it..."
	"If I told you right away, would you still go to the office? Guess you'll be gone by now, right?"
	If she knows that her boss is the one who was beaten up by her on the plane and then cheated by her in the bar, she will pack her things and go back to Melbourne immediately.
	However, if that is the case, she will have to choose a new topic for her graduation design, which would be troublesome.
	According to Jenny's perception of the George, he isn't an extreme pettiness person, at the very least, since he promises them at the bar, he will never break his word, in which case, he may make Victoria suffer a bit in the company, but will not make her in the difficult situation.
	"You..." Victoria looks like she is freaking out, she is scratching her hair and falling onto the sofa, "I hate you... you don't even know that I was severely humiliated by him at the company today, if I didn't restrain myself, I would beat him up..."
	Jenny hangs her jacket on the door hanger and leans back against the couch, "It's good to make you suffer, to show you that the force can't even solve the problem."
	Victoria raises her head from the sofa and looks at Jenny as if she is aggrieved, "Why are you bullying me too, you don't love me anymore!"
	Jenny raises her eyebrows and advises, "Come on, have you showered yet? You'd better take a shower and go to bed early. According to your condition today, you'll probably be in a worse situation tomorrow, so get some rest."
	Victoria rolls around on the sofa for a while, and finally, she stops when Jenny promises to go shopping with her on the weekend.
	She hasn't been back to Flowers Garden for the past few days, and the grandmother hasn't called her either. Which make her feels a bit uncomfortable, but thinking about Grandma's health, she still calls over to Flowers Garden.
	It is late, probably grandmother is already asleep.
	The phone is answered by Harley, not waiting for Jenny speaks, Harley is surprised to hear her voice, "It's the young lady, I'll put the old lady on the phone."
	"Hey..." Jenny doesn't even have time to call her.
	After waiting for a while, she hears a familiar voice come on the other end of the phone, a male voice with a bit of liveliness in it.
	"Jenny..."
	"Hey, Grandma."
	"What makes you want to call me, Luke hasn't come back yet, he especially reminded me and told me a thousand times to leave you alone! He says you have a job for the next two days; are you done with work and when you can come back home?"
	When Jenny hears the word "home”, she almost cries.
	No wonder grandmother has not called her during this period, Luke has already thought about it for her. If grandmother calls her during recording, the director team will check who the other party is, and if the traces are exposed, it will be big trouble.
	"There's nothing on my side, and the recording of the show is over for now, so it's fine for two days."
	"That's good, no one is bullying you during recording, right?"
	"No, everyone's been nice to me."
	"That's good, you're too kind, you don't even know that you're being bullied."
	Jenny listens to the grandmother who is talking to her as she looks up at the wall clock, it's late, usually, at this time, she would ask grandmother to go to bed already.
	"Grandmother, why aren't you in bed at this time."
	"Lately, I've been having trouble sleeping when you're not around." 
Chapter 100 Warmth in Front of Men, Tyrant Behind
	When she heard the grandmother say she can't sleep well, Jenny's heart was even more upset, and she hesitates for half a day and says helplessly, "Then I'll go home tomorrow. I'll go back to the office tomorrow to look, and if there's nothing wrong with the timing, I can stay home for the next two days."
	"Good."
	"And had you eaten properly in the two days I wasn't here? Have you eaten all the medicinal that Harley gave you?"
	"Eat..."
	"I don't believe it, you give the phone to Harley, I'll have to ask her properly."
	As soon as she hears this hesitant tone from her grandmother, Jenny could think that she isn't eating properly these two days, she must have tossed Harley again.
	The meals prepared for grandmother are specifically made to recuperate her body before surgery, and if the grandmother doesn't eat those things well, it will be troublesome when it's time for surgery.
	The grandmother still refuses to give the phone to Harley, she finally says, "Jenny, are you so distrustful of grandma? Well, I'm sleepy, I'm going to sleep first, you must come back tomorrow."
	After saying this, without waiting for Jenny to say anything else, the other side has hung up the phone.
	Jenny stands inside the kitchen, she is pouring the water and looking at the already black screen on her phone with a smile.
	"Who are you talking to on the phone?" Victoria hears a voice, so she comes out of the bedroom, and asks with a sleepy look, "What grandmother, your grandmother wasn't passed away?
	Jenny is shocked, the water in her hand also spilt, "Oh my gosh, can you walk with some sounds, I'm almost scared by you!"
	Jenny turns to find a rag to wipe down the tabletop, and Victoria looks like she has forgotten what just happened.
	The next morning, Jenny left a note on the fridge, she is instructing Victoria to eat alone, and then carries her bag goes out.
	Shawn has been waiting downstairs for a while, and after she goes into the car, she hands Jenny a sugar-free coffee, "Have you eaten breakfast yet?"
	"Nope."
	"Go to the office and eat some fruit, you'll have to keep your weight under control in the meantime, and this soap commercial for Comforters may have to be close-up with a bareback and legs, so you must have a slim figure. You can start preparing for the gym today."
	Jenny stares and turns her head to look at Shawn who is expressionless, Jenny is opening her mouth and eventually not refuting.
	After arriving at the company, the person in charge of the advertising of the Comforters has come over with the contract and waits for a while. They are discussing the requirements for cooperation in person, and the price offered by Comforters is very high, so the contract is signed very quickly.
	After sending off the people, Shawn sits on a chair in the conference room and she seems a little tired.
	"If you're free, take the card and go to the gym." Shawn puts the gym card on the table and pushes it in front of Jenny.
	"Shawn, isn't that Teacher Song's matter hard to solve?"
	"That matter has nothing to do with you."
	Shawn gives her a look, "You just need to do your own thing, the rest is what I need to do, you go with Cecelia gym together, just look for her if you need anything, and if you participate a new movie in two days, I'll give you a new assistant."
	Jenny picks up her gym card and follows Cecelia after talking with Shawn.
	Cecelia is Shawn's assistant; she is specializing in helping Shawn to manage the announcements between various artists. The current artist who is the most famous under Shawn's guide is Elizabeth, she can be equal to Jessica's status if she works hard. It is strange to say, Shawn does not seem to have guide any particularly hot artists. Or rather, after bringing the popular artist, she doesn't continue to bring them.
	On the way to the gym with Cecelia, Jenny still can't resist but asking about Michael.
	"Is that Teacher Song's condition serious? I heard earlier that there seems to be some trouble over there because of Elizabeth's new movie."
	Cecelia sighs after pressing down the elevator with her clothes on her hand, "It's not easy for Elizabeth to wait for such a female lead movie, there is a Michael on that movie too. This movie will have a great impact on the world. When the times come, the publicity just keeps up with it, and Elizabeth sure will be hot, but who will think that suddenly will become like this?"
	"What's going on, Shawn seems to be quite worried."
	"I heard that Michael's side said that they are determined not to take a scene with Elizabeth, what can the director do. Compared to Michael, of course, the director will give up Elizabeth to keep Michael stays. So, Shawn has been going to the hospital for the past two days to apologize. Where exactly we have mess with Michael, who knows? Anyway, I've been looking at Elizabeth's entire face was not good for the past two days."
	Hearing this, Jenny feels bad. It's all because of her, Michael must have done it on purpose. The thing is done by her, but he blames others.
	Thinking of this, she put everything in her hand into Cecelia's hand, "You go to the gym first, I have something to do, I'll be back when I'm done."
	"Hey, where are you going?"
	"I'll be back in a minute."
	Jenny puts her hat and masks on, and she grabs a taxi at the entrance of Jade Picture, "Sir, City Hospital please."
	Yesterday, she was found by Shawn in the hospital, she doesn't even go in to make it clear to Michael. She must go and make it clear today, even if it's an apology or whatever, she can't implicate others because of her, this is the opportunity that Elizabeth has waited so hard for.
	Inside the VIP ward of the city hospital, there is a sound of slamming.
	"I' have said I won't eat; can't you understand?"
	In response, the porcelain bowl splashes out from inside the ward, it is breaking on the floor with a loud noise.
	The city hospital's privacy is the best, even the nurse or doctor see such a scene, they will not be muttered in private.
	In front of the others, he is a sunny boy, and behind he is an irritable and angry neurotic.
	Michael's ward becomes the place that those nurses don't want to serve.
	The assistant greets the nurse, "After this, the food I will prepare, don't you be sad, Teacher Song is sick, so he is not in a very good-tempered, which he usually isn't."
	The little nurse cries and wipes her eyes and not saying a word.
	Jenny gets off the elevator, with a fruit basket in her hand, and she meets the nurse who is scolded by Michael just now.
	"Hey, is it Michael Song's ward is on this floor?"
	Jenny has been here yesterday, but she can't quite remember if it is the fifth or sixth floor.
	The nurse looks at her with her teary-eyed and points towards her back, and without saying a word, she enters the elevator.
	Jenny sees a pair of teary eyes and she is shocked, she doesn't have time to ask what's going on, she thinks the nurse maybe just break up with her boyfriend.
Chapter 101 Siblings’ Incest Romance
	Jenny stares in awe at the fruit basket in her hand. It is very beautiful. It has been an excellent idea to buy it as a present she thought. So she takes a deep breath and knocks at the door. She doesn’t know the person who comes to open the door is an agent or an assistant.
	"Good morning, I am Jenny, I'm here to see Michael."
	Jenny takes the mask off to reveal her face.
	The man startles slightly. When he sees Jenny's face, he suddenly shows a mocking smile, "Shawn told you, come on in, Michael has been waiting so long for you."
	Jenny frowns, walks inside the house with the head down carrying the basket and acknowledging the air is tense, she keeps quiet.
	"Wait here please, I'll go check if Michael is awake."
	The man leaves Jenny alone in the living room of the suite, and walks into the bedroom.
	Jenny begins to look around curiously. Teddy bear, dolls, game consoles, and even a lot of unopened gift boxes are piled up in the corner of the room, all gifts from fans. There are so many flowers that the room is pervaded by a unique and strong scent, feeling like being in a garden.
	So that's how it is to have so many followers?
	Jenny is a little emotional, puts down the fruit basket and starts walking around the room.
	The teddy bear has a small card tied around his neck with wishes and blessing written on it by the fans of Michael.
	"Dear Michael, I was saddened by the new of your sickness. I truly hope this little bear can accompany you through this time. Please get better soon and take it easy. I love you very much…"
	There are many other cards, most likely with content similar to this one.
	Jenny usually receives many letters and gifts from fans. If she misses couple of days at the company, her desk would be submerged by boxes and cards. She is flattered to get so many attentions and gifts but she also worries that her fans waste too much money for her, so she posts on microblogging asking fans to stop giving her gifts. Such an action is originally thoughtful for fans, but it is interpreted by the media as disapproving of fan gifts, because they are too cheap, and even the bag she once went out with is described as Luxury goods is worth tens of thousands from fans.
	God knows she only has one luxury bag, bought by Victoria, at half price when it was on sales in Melbourne.
	Gossip is a fearful thing.
	From that day, the number of fans has decreased a lot, and she receives many letters with insults and curses. Shawn keeps many letters secret believing that reading them would make Jenny sadder and sadder.
	The man opening the door makes her come back to reality. "Mr. Song will see you now."
	Jenny regains consciousness, nods and walks into the bedroom.
	The assistant closes the door from the outside, leaving her and Michael Song alone.
	Michael Song is lying on the bed, uncovered, reading a book. Seeing her come in, he closes the book and smiles at her. "In the end, here you are."
	It seems like he has been waiting for her for ages.
	Jenny feels uncomfortable by that attitude but she finds the courage to speak openly, "if your sickness has been caused by me pushing you that day in the swimming pool, I sincerely apologize to you, and truly hope you won’t blame others for my actions."
	"That sounded very confident." Michael Song turns around and sits up. The white-covered book slips away on the sheets. The blue veins on his forehead are pumping rapidly, the anger in his heart could be seen from miles away, "Jenny, Did you know that I am not as calm as it seems, you provoked me, therefore, there will be consequences, understood?"
	"No matter how is going to be but, I hope Elizabeth will not be involved in this. It is me the one who causes all the sufferings, Shawn and Elizabeth need to be left out of this."
	"Is that so?" Michael Song stands up, walks slowly towards Jenny, raises his hand and starts clapping. The applause echoes loudly in the large room, "We have a heroin here, will that be appreciated by others as you think?"
	Jenny steps backwards and asks, "Heroin? Don't you dare to unleash your revenge on Shawn and Elizabeth because of me!"
	"I am not denying it." Michael Song stops half a meter away, puts his hands in his pockets, and snorts coldly, "It is your fault, accept it! What are you gonna do?"
	Jenny asks disappointed, "How can you do this?"
	"How can't I?"
	Michael Song sneers, "When you pushed me into the swimming pool, why didn't you think about the consequences too? Brainless people must learn that and be ready to be educated."
	"You…"
	Jenny is so angry that she is speechless, points a finger at him for a long time without finding any word.
	"If you apologize publicly to me in front of the media and state that you have nothing to do with Luke Lu, then we are squared."
	Still the same thing.
	Jenny clenches her fists and looks at Michael Song coldly, "You really have a good relationship with your sister. what if don’t?”
	"Easy: the future career of Miss Shawn, your agent, will most likely be crushed because of you. Whether it is Elizabeth or other newcomers, they will have nowhere to go."
	Michael Song's words hit Jenny right to heart like a poisoned arrow.
	What Jenny hates the most is to be threatened and she could never stand that someone else has to pay the price for her mistakes. Michael Song makes it clear and sounds the he will not let this thing go without retribution, he wants payback.
	"Michael Song, are you crazy!?!?"
	She finally couldn't help it, and unable to keep her cool and the appearance of coming to apologize, she stares at Michael Song fiercely and explodes in a stream of words keeps inside for too long.
	"I have got no issues with you. You have embarrassed me countless times since we first met, all because of you thinking mistakenly that I stole a man from your sister. Do you know your sister is the one who stole a man from me! Moreover, is it you trying to get justice for your sister or is that simply a way to unload your own burden of negative feelings on someone else? You are in love with her, aren’t you? If I expose you and your sister’s incest romance we will go down together. I am new to this world but this is not a reason to be intimidated by you. Believe it or not, I will not stop."
	She takes all of that out in one breath, with bloody eyes, and her vicious attitude makes Michael Song stand still for a while. When he realizes the meaning of Jenny's words, his face suddenly changes.
	"You are so brave, what did you just say again?"
	The way he asks that is so cold that the air in the room almost froze.
	Jenny comes back to senses realizing what she just said.
	She knows this secret when she had a meeting before recording the show, and she accidentally knows it when she heard Tom chatting with his agent in the stairwell. In addition, she heard Michael Song calling someone in the swimming pool that day and mentioned that he liked Sky Song. Then she is sure about it.
	"I have evidences!" Jenny clenches her fists, grits her teeth as if she is ready to fight to death, and raises her head to meet Michael Song's murderous gaze.
Chapter 102 The Road to Apology is Obstructed and Long
	Michael Song is obviously astounded.
	"Impossible…"
	"I have recorded your call at the swimming pool..." Jenny looks at Michael Song fearlessly, "Do you want me to play it for you? Do you remember what you said?"
	While talking, she takes the phone out from her pocket and waives it in the air.
	Michael Song's expression becomes full of rage, he grabs the phone and smashes it on the pavement.
	"What a waste, do you seriously think I do not have a backup?"
	Jenny gulps sharply.
	That is a bluff. Obviously, Michael Song is not a smart one. He has grumpy temper, overprotective desires, and he is easily irritated. When irritated, he does not think straight making him easy to manipulate.
	"Keep Shawn and Elizabeth out of it, is that clear?"
	"Are you threatening me?"
	Jenny winces encountering the murderous gaze on Michael Song Face.
	After all, being it a lie, it is hard to rely solely on acting, especially when facing such a crazy man.
	"I hope you won't embarrass Shawn and Elizabeth anymore. As for the swimming pool, I will apologize to you. I can apologize whatever you want."
	In the swimming pool incident, since Michael Song bullied her first, that was just legitimate self-defense, but this incident should have ended after pushing him into the water. The only thing that should not have been done is to let the swimming pool doorman lock the door. This is her fault, and she owes an apology.
	Michael Song stares at her, not knowing the emotions in his heart, turns around and walks to the hanger next to the door, takes his wallet out and draws a card from it, hands it over to her and says, "No password, get yourself a new phone,"
	Jenny is stunned but she takes the card, reluctantly.
	Michael Song's action may be regarded as good approach for her, she hesitates and then goes "Will you consider it?"
	"We’ll see.” He withdraws his hand and turns his back to Jenny, and in a very cold voice, "Hold tight to that recording, you hand that over to the media, you are done for."
	Silence comes upon them.
	Outside the door, a gaze stares at the back of Jenny's head through the gap in the doorway.
	The skinny guy is sitting on the sofa in the living room, looking with interest at the woman who came to visit Michael Song with a bouquet. She has a goose yellow dress, floral headband, long black hair, and she looks like a mature woman. He is surprised at first to see Jenny at the door, but after receiving instructions, he eavesdroppers the conversation behind the door, and his face changes.
	Although the negotiation with Michael Song ends up in a state of collapse, Jenny feels relieved. Cecelia has already made countless phone calls. She has to hurry back to the company gym.
	On the way back, she looks at the phone with the broken display in her hand, and she smiles gently, proud of herself.
	She thinks, “What an actor that you are? You can't even see such a little trick, who can record your calls? Love creates chaos inside of people.”
	So from the reaction of Michael Song just now, she deduces he really likes Sky Song, and the relationship is complicated.
	She doesn’t know if Sky Song knows about this.
	Back at the company, Cecelia is standing in front of the entrance eagerly waiting for her to return. Seeing her approaching relieves him, he pushes her inside and scolds her while walking, "You said you needed the toilet. I've been there for a long time, and Shawn came over and asked if you want to eat with him. I just said you were on diet so you could not eat at lunch, where did you go?”
	Hearing this, Jenny blinks at Cecelia and kisses his ear, "Thank you, I know that my Cecelia is the cutest."
	"Oh my dear, you drenched me in saliva!"
	There are not many people in the gym. This is Jade Picture’s dedicates gym for the company’s artists. The equipment is complete, but many of the company’s artists are busy. They mainly rely on food control to lose weight. There are really few people who really use fitness exercises to lose weight, too slow.
	Jenny gets on the treadmill and the coach is instructing her.
	"When running, keep your chest up, keep your breathing steady, and inhale every three steps..."
	"..."
	"Very well, try to keep it up. We will rest after a three-kilometer run..."
	"..."
	The coaches in the company’s gym are devils. She has just finished stretching. It is a half marathon right now. She didn’t have dinner last night. Isn’t this killing people?
	After completion, Cecelia brings her a packaged salad and let her rest for a while.
	Sitting on the yoga mat, Jenny is eating a salad and drinking soda, and wailing, "I want to drink a cold coke..."
	Before she could finish the sentence, Cecelia covers her mouth. "You can't drink coke with ice. You can't drink coke at all. If Shawn hears this, you are gonna die on that treadmill. "
	Jenny shuts her mouth and looks displeased, chewing the tasteless salad viciously.
	What is going on in this world, is it really good-looking to be thin like a telegraph pole?
	In the afternoon, she is forced by the coach to do a whole set of slimming procedures. When he gets off work, Jenny feels that there is no meat and bones on her body that belongs to her. She is walking completely exhausted, like a zombie.
	Cecelia helps her out of the elevator and tells her as she walks, "You must massage your legs well when you go back home tonight. You need to relax the muscles so that they won’t hurt in the next coming days."
	She is so tired that she doesn't even have the strength to nod, she feels like a puddle of mud.
	"Jenny..."
	As soon as she walks to the hall, she suddenly hears a familiar woman's voice behind her, the voice sounds angry.
	She turns her head subconsciously and squints her eyes.
	A goose-yellow figure quickly walks in front of her, raises his hand and smacks her in the face.
	The vigorous sound of the slap resounds throughout the hall.
	It is badging out time so there were a lot of people coming and going. Elizabeth is the one who smacks her face, Jenny has no strength at all, empty minded, she could not believe her own eyes , the sister who has always been nice to everyone.
	"Elizabeth...you..."
	"You know what you have done! You should..."
	Elizabeth trembles with anger, she knows that she goes all out with that slap.
	The right cheek of Jenny's face becomes red and swollen at a speed visible to the naked eye, as she is hit by a running train on her delicate white skin.
	"Why?"
	Jenny, stunned by the beating, remains like paralyzed , just staring at Elizabeth Wang in a dazed and confused state wondering the reason of it all.
	"You failed to seduce to Michael Song , and you angered him more than he already was. Why do you want to get me and Shawn involved in that? They are goddamn right when they say that you are a bitch who hooks up with every man everywhere!"
Chapter 103 A Bolt from the Blue
	Elizabeth’s words, come as a bolt from the blue, echo in the hall of Jade Picture. All the people stop and gradually gather around here.
	Jenny is so stunned for a long while that she does not make any respond.
	“You know everything?”
	“So you admit it, right? Well, how dare you to admit that...”
	Elizabeth raises her hand, intending to give her another slap.
	Jenny is still immersed in the previous panic and surprise, and even doesn’t scream. She only hears a gasp from the people around her. Cecelia protects her and steps back two steps. She staggers and subconsciously closes her eyes.
	The expected pain does not come. She thinks that it is because Cecelia has pulled her far away. When she opens her eyes, she sees a surprised scene.
	Elizabeth’s slender wrist is tightly gripped by a man’s hand. The man’s deep and cold eyes glance at the crowd around him. His voice is not loud, but with inviolable authority.
	“When I was away, the company was so lively. Famous female star beats up a junior star of the same company in public? Excuse me? Are you waiting to be photographed by the reporters, and let them believe that our company’s public relations resources have no place to use? Or you want to use some extreme ways to make headlines with negative news?”
	Elizabeth is all of a tremble and says, “Mr. Lu...”
	Jenny is stunned. She stands still for a long time and doesn’t respond.
	Luke frees Elizabeth’s wrist, seemingly casually takes out a Burberry’s handkerchief from his suit pocket, and then slowly wipes his hands.
	Such a simple action makes Elizabeth embarrassed.
	Everyone holds breath and does not dare to say a word.
	Elizabeth thinks of the gossip in company, feels strongly that she should take action and says determinedly, “Mr. Lu, you can’t be partial to Jenny. If she didn't offend Michael, I will not be replaced in the play. You are supposed to stand by my side, as I has waited for this opportunity for many years.”
	“What else?”
	Luke looks at her, since it seems that with her tearful look, she will be not satisfied for only saying that.
	"Also, don't be deceived by Jenny’s innocent appearance. When I went to visit Michael in the hospital this morning, I saw her coming out from his room. Michael also gave her a card to let her not appear again. Isn’t that obvious? She also use a recording to threaten Michael, so I think she is intentional, just for her own sake, regardless of others of the same company.”
	It would be a great damage to one’s reputation.
	Jenny feels upset. She never thinks that Elizabeth, the most friendly star of the company, would bad-mouth her in front of everyone.
	“Mr. Lu, you can’t be partial in front of so many people. You must make a fair decision. Otherwise, it will be difficult for you to convince others in the future... ”
	Elizabeth added in a hurry, afraid that Luke would have a bias towards Jenny.
	But it’s not the right time.
	Sky, who has been standing beside Luke, looks at her with warning.
	She gets nervous, looks up at Luke’s icy stares, and then shuts her mouth immediately, afraid to speak again.
	Luke looks ice-cold. After sweeping through the crowd, he says in a deep voice, “since Luke Up Group acquired Jade Picture, many people are unconvinced. They think that e Up Group has not been involved in the entertainment industry before and knows nothing about it, so that I can be bold and do anything I want. Even today, some people still say that I am unfair. Do you agree with that?”
	No one dares to respond.
	In front of so many people, Elizabeth makes Mr. Lu embarrassed which means that her life is going to be tough.
	In Jade Picture, everyone knows the unusual relationship between Jenny and Mr. Lu, and no one would like to step on this minefield.
	But now, in front of so many people, Mr. Lu certainly has to maintain his own status. Jenny is only a woman, of which Luke never lack. However, if he lose his prestige now, it will be difficult to reestablish it in the future.
	Elizabeth's approach is no doubt a solution that no one can win.
	The onlookers look at each other and exchanged their established views in their eyes.
	In today’s argument, the only winner depends on the person who is standing beside Mr. Lu at the moment.
	“Is Sky from Brilliant Entertainment?”
	“I heard that Sky comes back with Mr. Lu together today.”
	“Are they close?”
	“They might be childhood sweethearts. It seems that the Song has a background of the Red Army and has a long history with the Lu...”
	The whisperers are all hiding in the distance, but there are still some voices reach Luke's ears.
	Jenny is holding her bag, grating her teeth and unable to say a word.
	It's her fault. No matter what Elizabeth does to her, it makes sense because she is to blame.
	She can not make an excuse.
	When people are chatting, Sky’s gentle voice almost affects everyone here.
	“Luke, forget it. As I have a good relationship with Michael, I can persuade him. Elizabeth is just a bit impatient. After all, Jenny is a new star. It's inevitable for her to make mistakes, so there’s no need to be critical.”
	What she says is seemingly against Jenny.
	Just now, Jenny didn’t feel bad for what Elizabeth did to her. But for now, she is very subdued after listening to Sky’s words.
	She raises her head and looks at Luke feeling helpless.
	Even if the engagement is broken off, the person who matches him the most is still Sky.
	“Do you think Jenny is wrong?”
	Luke’s voice sounds in the center of the hall, every sound can be clearly listened, and he says in a way of disapproval.
	Sky’s face changes and ponder over something, “I heard what others said and It seems what Elizabeth has told you...”
	“In my opinion, Jenny did nothing wrong.”
	Ignoring Sky, Luke stares at Elizabeth coldly, and responds.
	With tears in her eyes, Elizabeth is angry and looks unbelievable, “It’s absolutely unfair. If you don't believe me, you can check her bag. There must be a card Michael gave her. She is a bitch!”
	“In Luke Up Group, what I say is fairness.”
	Luke snorts coldly, interrupting Elizabeth’s argument.
	The whole hall is in silence.
	Everyone thinks that the intention of Luke Up Group’s acquisition of Jade Picture is to have a group of beautiful stars or just an impulse. They didn’t take it seriously and think that the Jade Picture is no different from the past except that it has a stronger background. Everyone thinks that they can enjoy more rights but have no additional obligations.
	Everyone is so naive.
	Luke Up Group acquired Jade Picture, which not only gives these people a strong background and confidence, but also requires them to abide by a set of exclusive rules belonging to Luke Up Group, just like those previous strict employees of Luke Up Group.
	Harshness, autocratic rules and obedience.
	Like military management, the first and foremost thing is to obey - obey all orders given by your superiors. There is no room for resistance.
	Elizabeth, obviously still living in the original Jade Picture, thinks that everything can be discussed, she can also argue, and can use the strength of staff to force the boss to have to treat a matter fairly.
Chapter 104 This Is His Rule
	Among these people, Sky is the most surprised.
	In her impression, Luke is indeed a autocrat, but he is always impartial towards business affairs. For now, he is completely trying to protect one party and make unfair decision.
	He is very protective towards Jenny, more than business-like.
	So now is Jenny his weak spot?
	Her face clouds.
	Jenny is stunned for a long time. Her heart, which has been cold, goes boom heavily. Luke is obviously protecting her. She didn’t have the feeling of being protected for a long time, especially in front of so many people.
	“It’ enough to have him protecting me. As for the rest, I am able to solve by myself.”
	She takes a deep breath, reaches inside her bag for a long time, takes out a phone with broken screen and a card.
	“Elizabeth, you have misunderstood me. Mr. Song gave me a card just because he accidentally broke my mobile phone. I will return this card to him after I buy a new one. As for my visit to him, you said it was collusion. I don’t know why you think in this way. As we all know, Mr. Song and I participated in a reality TV show together, and he was ill after recording it. It is not weird for me to pay a visit to him.”
	The crowd boos.
	Elizabeth looks embarrassed for a while. “It is impossible. I heard that Mr. Song was angry with Shawn and me because of you. It's all your fault,” she says through clenched teeth.
	Jenny can’t deny that.
	She frowns and is about to apologize when Shawn’s voice suddenly rings out from within the crowd and interrupts her.
	“Elizabeth, how many times should I tell you? Don’t listen to the rumor. Who told that you it is Jenny’s fault?”
	Shawn rushes through the crowd in a rage and pulls Elizabeth, “ the reason why director decided to replace you is because your flat acting. You not only transfer your anger on Jenny, but also make a fuss. Do you want to be banned by the company?”
	Elizabeth’s face turned white instantly, “ Shawn, I’m not...”
	“Now, go to the meeting room immediately and reflect on yourself for a night.”
	Everyone in the company knows Shawn’s temper. She is a woman of her word. Elizabeth stands for a moment with tears in her eyes. Although she is not reconciled, she finally wipes her tears and goes to the elevator.
	“Now, run along. Mr. Lu doesn’t have time to watch the joke,” Shawn glances at the crowd. After most of them leave, she bows in apology to Luke, “I’m sorry, Mr. Lu. I didn’t discipline Elizabeth well...”
	Luke frowns and doesn’t respond.
	“Jenny, come with me. I have something to talk with you.”
	Shawn’s voice pulls Jenny back from her absence of mind. Cecelia carefully waves her hand and walks away. Jenny looks back at Luke and the beautiful woman beside him, and sighs.
	“It’s such a shame. Every time, she is bright and beautiful, and I am in a mess. I am a far cry form her.”
	“what are you thinking? Can you be mindful?” Shawn pulls her to the entrance of the corridor and scolds coldly.
	Jenny stands respectfully and bows her head to get ready for punishment. “Shawn, I was wrong.”
	“What wrong did you do? Do you know? Just tell me.”
	“I should not conceal that I have offended Mr. Song. I should admit my mistake earlier and apologize, so that you and Elizabeth will not get any impact...”
	“Shut up.”
	Without finishing her words, with the pain of being knocked on her forehead, Jenny exclaims and looks up at Shawn, who has just pulled back her hand.
	“Do you think that I don't know what's going on? And I don’t need you to apologize.”
	Jenny is confused, and doesn’t understand what Shawn said.
	She hesitates and says, “you already know that for a long time?”
	“Of course I know if something happens. I went to the swimming pool. The gatekeeper and the director told me about it. I don’t know exactly what happened. But since he transfer anger on us, you probably are the one who locked Michael up in the swimming pool for most of the night. ”
	“I have already apologized...”
	“Who told you to do so?” Shawn interrupts her without being polite.
	“I’m the one who caused all these things.”
	Jenny’s voice is getting lower.
	“Why?”
	Shawn asks coldly. Facing Jenny’s surprise, she adds impatiently, “you are not a famous star, and you are not qualified to snub. What’s wrong with you to make troubles on such a super star. Why? Originally I didn't intend to ask you why you visited him. But now you have to tell me.”
	Jenny stops for a moment, organizes her language, hesitates for a long time, and then tell Shawn everything about Michael. As for her relationship with Luke, she says in an obscure way, but Shawn is very clever and has understood what is going on.
	After hearing this, she rolls up her sleeves and looks angry. She pats the handrail of the stairs and says angrily, “I previously think that Michael is simply duplicitous, but now I find that he is crazy too.”
	Jenny is stunned, “ah?”
	“You don’t need to worry about this. Get ready for the endorsement. I’ll talk to Michael.”
	“Oh, Shawn, but...”
	“Don’t worry...” Shawn clenches her fists and looks like she is going to fight with others. She pats Jenny on her shoulder, “do what you are supposed to do. Luke has been waiting for you for a long time. Go. And I’m going to the hospital.”
	“Ah...”
	Jenny stares after Shawn and couldn't stop her.
	When Jenny thinks of Shawn’s words again, she is startled. When she looks towards the direction of Shawn, she found that there is a tall figure sitting on the sofa in the city hall.
	A huge green plant blocks the position of half of the sofa, and she can only see a magazine on his slender knees, legs overlapping, and knuckled fingers holding the edge of the page, turning up one or two pages from time to time, which looks very elegant.
	Luke is waiting for her.
	Thinking of this, she is very happy, lifts the bag on her shoulder and runs towards that direction quickly.
	“Luke, are you waiting...”
	Before finishing her speaking, the plant’s cover disappears, which reveals Luke’s upper body and another woman sitting by his side.
	Also holding a magazine in her hand, she occasionally leans to Luke and look at the book in his hands. Her nails are pained with dark red nail polish which makes her hands look white and smooth. Intentionally or not, she touches Luke’s hands occasionally, but he doesn't mind.
	She gets hurt by simply looking at the images of them which look like a wonderful couple.
	Jenny subconsciously slows down her pace, looks down at her outfit today, which is over casual.
	It’s the most simple casual sportswear. Especially Jenny just worked out from the gym, so she is so smelly that she doesn’t want to touch herself neither.
	“I lose completely!” This is the second time Jenny think about this today.
Chapter 105 A Wonderful Couple
	Jenny stands behind the plant for a long time.
	When Luke looks down and turns the page, he catches a glimpse of a pair of black-and-white sneakers touching the ground reluctantly.
	He raises his head, looks towards the feet and notices that Jenny is looking at Sky.
	“It’s finished?”
	Luke’s voice makes Jenny come to herself.
	She looks up, her eyesight shifts from Sky to Luke, and nods in a hurry, “yes, the conversation is finished. Are you waiting for me?”
	“Yes, let’s go. Chen is waiting at the door. Grandma just called and asked me to take you home for dinner. ”
	“Okay.”
	As soon as they are ready to go, Sky, who has been sitting on one side, gets up and follows them.
	Jenny hesitates for a moment and asks, “Miss Song, do you want to join us?”
	“I’ve been back for a long time, and haven’t visited grandma. It happens that today I went to the airport to pick up Luke, and I was planing to visit her together.”
	Sky smiles gently and elegantly.
	Before getting on the car, Sky takes the lead to sit in the back seat. Jenny stands at the door for a while, and finally sits shotgun.
	It seems that Luke doesn't like to sit in the front passenger seat. She discovered it when she was injured last time. Last time, she broke her leg in the garage. When she was first placed in the back seat, Luke, supposed to sit shotgun, was stopped by Sky. She said, “you’re not used to sitting in the front passenger seat, so let me sit here.”
	It’s afraid that only the people closest to him can figure out the meaning of this sentence.
	Along the way, Jenny can always hear Sky’s voice from the back seat. She talks about things in the compound of the military region when she was a child. Although Luke is still as reticent as before, he responses occasionally, which is quite different from his usual performance.
	When Jenny hears about her childhood experiences, she feels that she couldn’t join in the conversation. At this time, she realizes that she has never heard Luke mentioning his past.
	Her understanding towards him is only at the most superficial level.
	He treats Jenny good and is not as cold and heartless as the rumors. At least, he is very patient and gentle to her. However, she knows nothing about him except his patience and gentleness and some things well known to all.
	What’s the significance of this identity of Mrs. Lu?
	“Do you still remember that In the summer when I was five years old, you mom was going to take you abroad for vacation? As a result, I chased all the way to the gate of the courtyard. Your mom was afraid that I would fall and went off the car. And then I took your hat and said that if you left, I would not give it back to you. At last, you didn't leave. It was quite difficult for your mom to have a leisure holiday to go abroad with you. Ah, I’m still moved right now.”
	Sky also asks Jenny, “you know what? He didn’t look so cold at that time. He was a very warm brother.”
	Jenny reluctantly open her mouth, nods and answers, “Really?”
	Sky is three years younger than Luke. It’s natural for Luke to take care of her. But why does she feel unhappy when she hears these words?
	She peeks at the man sitting in the back seat from the rear-view mirror. He looks more mature and serious than his age. Behind everyone’s personality, there is a different background of growth. She has heard a lot from grandmother, but everything is heard about from others’ mouths.
	Jenny doesn’t know why. Now she wants to hear from him about the past.
	Sky keeps talking until arriving at the gate of Flower House. For the first time, Jenny feels that listening to a woman’s talking could drive her crazy. Sky talks about everything from a trivial matter to going abroad to study, she almost talks about her first love. Jenny doesn’t know if Luke is listening or not. Anyway, after listening, she feels her ears are filled and could not be stuffed more.
	Finally, they arrive grandma’s home. Harley and Mike are waiting at the door. As soon as they get out of the car, Harley holds Jenny’s hands excitedly and says, “you are here finally. Grandma has urged me several times to call again and ask you guys. But Mr. Lu is so busy that I'm afraid I’ll bother him if I keep calling. So I decide to wait for you here.”
	Jenny pats her own head feeling embarrassed, “by the way, I brings some cakes to grandma in the car which are brought in some shops that I think good. I’ll get them in the trunk.”
	“Well, grandma will be very happy.”
	While Jenny is taking cakes, Harley finds the woman who has just got out of the car.
	“Who is she?”
	Harley hasn’t been working here for a long time, and Sky hasn’t been to X City in recent years. So Harley hasn’t seen Sky before, and just feels that she looks familiar.
	“Miss Song is here, too. You are a rare visitor.” Mike rushes over to help Sky to take things.
	“Mike, don’t worry. I can do it by myself. There are still a lot in the trunk. Please take them for me.”
	Sky laughs, “see, how long have I not been here? This girl don't even know me.”
	Mike quickly explains, “Harley just has been here for two years. In these years, you are busy and haven’t been here. Naturally, you don’t know each other. Don't blame her.”
	“I’m just joking. It’s impossible that everyone will know me everywhere. I’ve brought gifts for everyone. Don't disgust them.”
	“Of course not!”
	When they are chatting, there is a faint voice of surprise coming out from the trunk suddenly. The voice is so low that it is submerged by the bustle of their greetings.
	Jenny opens her mouth slightly and looks at the cake box flattened by two tin boxes in surprise. She couldn't believe it.
	When she came out from Jade Picture, she put two boxes of cakes in the trunk because the trunk was empty. Later, it seemed that Sky’s assistant moved her things from the trunk of another car, which filled the trunk of this car.
	All the cakes that Jenny bought are packed in the most traditional paper boxes, which has already been pressed and torn apart by those tin boxes with foreign languages. In addition, with the bumps on the road, cake crumbles has spilled one the trunk.
	“What’s the matter?” Luke asks. Following Jenny’s sight, he finds the mess in the trunk.
	Jenny raises her head and looks upset, “nothing, I just feel pity for these cakes.”
	“Buy it next time,” he says faintly and pats Jenny on the back, “It’s late. Grandma is still waiting for us to have dinner.”
	Having said this, he goes into the house directly.
	Mike asks someone to come and help with Sky’s gift that makes the two boxes of cakes that are already broken scatter everywhere.
	“What is it? It makes the inside the car completely dirty. Who is making troubles?”
	Someone mutters.
Chapter 106 Inquiry
	After the tin boxes being taken away, Jenny looks at the trunk for a moment and hesitates. She picks up a still intact box, pats the dust on it, and looks into it through the gap. Most of the cakes are crushed, but they are edible.
	She sighs helplessly and blows on the paper box deciding to keep it for herself.
	After entering the Flower House, she hears the sounds of greetings.
	“Grandma, these are supplements I brought you from abroad and they are good for your health.”
	“…”
	“I spent a long time choosing this scarf and perfume, which is classic. You will look good with it.”
	“…”
	“And this one..."
	“…”
	Sky keeps introducing her gifts to Mrs. Lu like silk scarves and other small objects. Somehow, Mrs. Lu feels a little impatient.
	Sky is the granddaughter of her only good friend, and the only granddaughter of her husband’s best comrade in army. When Sky was a kid, she was a lovely little girl. Mrs. Lu has witnessed her growing up. Since the grandpa of the Song grew old and the country allowed him to go abroad to reunite with his children, Sky followed him. And then the frequency of meeting each other in recent years gets less.
	But the girl is still kind and warm. Every time they meet, she will bring a lot of gifts which are for all family members. Regardless of the price and the size of the gift, the most important thing is her good will. Now she is of good manner.
	Mrs. Lu pats Sky’s hand and says with a smile, “Thank you. It is ready for dinner. Show me these things after dinner.”
	Sky’s smile id particularly gentle, “OK, grandma, all listen to you.”
	With a box of broken cakes in hand, Jenny doesn't wants grandmother to see her in a mess. She slips carefully from the porch to the living room, ready to go upstairs first. Unexpectedly, Harley, who doesn’t know her intention, calls out when she sees her.
	“Jenny, it is time for dinner. Where are you going?”
	When Mrs. Lu hears this, her impatience disappears immediately. She leaves Sky and walks towards Jenny.
	“Oh, my baby girl has come back. It’s been a long time since you are here. I miss you so much!”
	Jenny touches the back of her head, feeling a little embarrassed, “grandma...”
	“What’s in your hand?”
	“I originally wanted to bring these cakes to you, but they were broken carelessly. I'm going to keep them by myself and buy you a new one tomorrow.”
	“Broken?” Grandma’s sights stop on the red paper box which looks bad. She opens the box and takes out half a piece of mung bean cake from inside, “let me see.”
	“This piece is the most intact one. The rest is broken.”
	Jenny feels upset.
	Grandma puts the half of the mung bean cake in her mouth, chews it for a while and then says with joy, “ it tastes good. I like it. Why don’t you give it to me earlier, you are a mean girl...”
	“Grandma...”
	“Well, I don’t care what you’re going to bring me tomorrow. Today, this cake is mine. No one can take it away from me.”
	“But it’s all broken.”
	Jenny is a little embarrassed.
	It’s not good to send broken things to others.
	On hearing this, grandma’s face changes slightly, and she pretends to be little angry and responds, “we are a family and do not need to worry about the details too much. I tasted it. It’s delicious. If you don’t believe me, then.”
	She turns to look at the living room and waves to Luke, “Luke, please come and have a taste, and see if it’s delicious...”
	Luke stands by the side of Sky. As soon as he puts down the gift Sky has given him, he walks over.
	Sky knows Luke best. He is very choosy about all aspects. He will never eat this kind of cake without knowing its brand. However, because of grandma, he will eat it. Sky wants to help him out.
	“Grandma, we are going to have dinner. Don’t let Luke eat it. Let’s get ready for dinner.”
	“There’s no hurry...”
	Before Sky finishes, grandma takes a mung bean cake from the paper box and puts it in Luke’s hand, “have a taste.”
	So, in front of everyone, for the first time, Luke eats something directly grasped by his hands. A yellow cake with no shape falls into his mouth and is chewed carefully
	“How does it taste?” Asked grandma.
	Since grandma asked Luke to have a taste of it, Jenny is embarrassed. She knows that Luke is very fastidious. Now he is asked eat it, so she feels guilty.
	“Good.”
	It is rare to capture a trace of gentleness in his cold voice.
	Everyone is relieved, and Harley is the first girl tittering secretly.
	“Luke, this is not simply a cake, but your wife’s best wish. No wonder that it tastes delicious.”
	Grandma smiles happily too, “it is true. But for this cake, ah, I can only give you once. if you want more, ask your wife to buy it.”
	Jenny blushes, especially when she finds that Luke is looking at her.
	Sky stands not far away when hearing these words. She looks surprised, but lowers her head to hide her emotions quietly.
	Dinner is served in the dining room. Because Jenny and Luke comes back together, the cook has prepared a lot of dishes. In addition, more dishes are added for Sky’s visit. The table is filled with food.
	At the dinner table, Sky hesitates for a long time, but still asks what she wants to ask.
	“Grandma, you said Jenny is Luke’s wife. Is Jenny married with Luke?”
	There is silence for a few seconds at the table, and Jenny pauses and looks up at her.
	“Although the wedding hasn’t been held yet, it’s already in preparation. I’ve set the date and got several sets of wedding dresses back. I'm waiting for them to have a try together, so that I can ask someone to change the sizes.”
	Grandma is very happy, “by the way. After dinner, you can come with us and have a look at Jenny’s wedding dresses. You have better taste, and you can help them to choose one.”
	Sky looks a little stiff, but still tries to maintain polite and gentle. She nods and smiles. Suddenly she thinks of something, frowns and asks, “why is the wedding prepared in a hurry? I never hear uncle and aunt mention before. Have they met Jenny yet?”
	When it comes it, Jenny’s heart sinks even more.
	Grandma only wants to have a grandson and hold a wedding for them. But Jenny cannot. If she really needs to marry Luke, she has to meet his parents. What she wants to check needs the help of Luke’s mother, Tracy.
	It seems that grandma doesn’t take Sky’s words into serious. She looks at Jenny with a smile, “they don’t even care about their sons, so there is no need for them to meet Jenny. It is totally enough that both Luke and I like Jenny. They would not and can not have other opinions.”
	This makes Jenny feel warm, but also very struggled.
	She secretly looks at Luke, who is sitting beside her. He seems not to be disturbed by their conversation. He eats and drinks soup slowly, and his Adam’s apple rolls regularly. Every movement seems to be well planned.
Chapter 107 Love Story
	Today, Luke is wearing a low-key black suit. With a careful observation, a dark gold color can be found in the black, which is particularly obvious under the light and makes him look elegant and noble. Two buttons on the top of his white shirt are unbuttoned, which makes him more relaxed and comfortable.
	His skin is tanned. As there is no stubble on his chin, it is concluded that he is a tidy person.
	His facial features are exquisite and impeccable whether viewed as a whole or separated. His lips are very thin, but they don’t make him look indifferent. He has a sharp nose, but it doesn’t make people feel distant. It’s his cool eyes which make people feel that he is hard to get close to.
	His eyes are deeper than ordinary people. Most of time, he looks cool, but it is because of this coolness that the gentleness occasionally revealed in his eyes is so precious.
	It’s like the way he looks at Jenny right now.
	“What’s the matter? Is there anything on my face?”
	He finds that Jenny has been staring at him for a long time.
	When he says that, Jenny suddenly comes to herself and says, “what?”
	“You’ve been staring at me for more than two minutes. What’s on my face that appeals to you?”
	With a serious look on Luke’s face, Jenny is embarrassed and flustered, “nothing. Try this. It’s delicious...”
	To cover up her embarrassment, Jenny puts a piece of chicken in Luke’s dish, raises her arm to touch her hot cheek and lowers her head.
	Sky looks at the them who are flirting with each other in front of her. Her eyes sank a little, and she clenches her fingers secretly, without even knowing that her nails are embedded.
	Mrs. Lu is very satisfied and says with a smile, “okay, you guys are keeping flirting with each other. I am too old to stand you!”
	Upon hearing this, Jenny’s face turns even redder and says, “grandma, there is no such thing as...”
	“Okay, fine. I didn’t see anything.”
	She raises her eyebrows, and her silver hair is shining in the light, as if to show her mood, “I don’t mind what you guys are doing, as long as you can take a good care of yourself and Jenny can give birth to my baby grandson successfully.”
	“Grandson?”
	Sky asks in shock, “is Jenny pregnant?”
	“What’s the matter? Does Luke not tell you?” Mrs. Lu turns her head and finds Sky looking surprised. She answers, “oh, you just come back and may not know. Jenny has been pregnant for more than three months.”
	Grandma’s words turn everyone in silence.
	Luke originally doesn’t like to speak. At the moment, he is eating and drinking soup as usual, while Jenny feels like there is a butterfly in her stomach. She knows that Sky is not so easy to be fooled. If she doesn’t tell her the truth in front of grandmother, she still need to find a chance to explain it to her.
	When she was having a show before, she went to the swimming pool enjoying all kinds of water sports, and today she just comes out from the gym in a sweat. No one would believe that she is pregnant.
	At the thought of this, Jenny is breaking out in a cold sweat.
	But after a long time, Sky just gives Jenny a meaningful look, and then echoes grandma, “no wonder the preparation of the wedding is so hasty. It should be done before Jenny’s belly getting larger so as to avoid people badmouthing. It’s better for Jenny and Luke.”
	“That’s right! Recently, Jenny’s belly will be more prominent. After dinner, you guys try on the wedding dress. And I will ask the designer to widen the waistline of the wedding dress a little bit, so as to avoid strangling my grandson.”
	Sky laughs, but it looks weird from the perspective of Jenny.
	Does Sky really not know anything?
	When the meal is almost finished, Sky suddenly ask how Jenny and Luke have fallen in love, which makes grandma interested too, but it is definitely quite difficult for Jenny.
	Luke apparently is not going to help, and just keeps silent.
	What should Jenny say?
	“Actually, we fall in love with each other at first sight, so it is hard to explain...”
	Jenny tries her best to make up a story.
	Granny seems to believe in everything she said, smiling and nodding.
	But it is not easy to fool Sky is obviously.
	“Even if it’s love at first sight, when and where did you meet for the first time and who confessed it first? How you get along with each other. I'm particularly curious.”
	Jenny glances at Luke and says, “it is your turn.”
	“No, you can tell them. I almost finish my dinner. And I need to go upstairs and check some papers later.”
	In a word, he kicks the ball back.
	Jenny thinks it’s not so difficult to fool grandmother, but it’s really killing her to deal with Sky who repeatedly gives her a hard time for no reason.
	“Anyway, we met each other when I was filming, and it was about half a year ago. I really can’t remember the exact time. After all, I’m quite busy in normal times.”
	“Where?”
	“In Movie World.”
	Jenny makes up a place.
	She often goes to the Movie World, and she will be there all the year round, so it is right to say that she was in the Movie World at that time, and she guesses that no one is clear about Luke’s schedule.
	But when she says it, both granny and Sky look surprised.
	“What’s wrong?”
	Asked Jenny, hesitating.
	Sky doesn’t say anything. Without paying attention, no one can find that she is actually mocking.
	And grandmother is puzzled and look at her, “Jenny, you might remember wrongly. Luke never goes to the Movie World. There are so many people and it is dusty. He used to be trained in the mud pit by his father. After that he became allergic to dust. After staying in the dusty place for a long time, he would get red spots on his body. So he never likes to go to the Movie World.”
	Dust allergy?
	Jenny is shocked and thinks, “gosh. Dust allergy, you seriously?”
	Everyone knows that there are many earth buildings in the movie city. The dust is so thick that it often influences other casts. Besides the interior architectures, the outside is seemingly covered with dust. If Luke enters, he may can not come out.
	Facing grandma’s suspicion, Jenny feels that she has set a big trap for herself.
	Why it is dust allergy! If Luke is born in the ancient countryside, or joins the army, can he still be alive?
Chapter 108 Hostess
	The atmosphere becomes tense.
	Jenny clearly feels that there is cold sweat on her forehead.
	“It’s not Movie World,” Luke’s cool voice breaks the silence.
	Jenny looks up at Luke, thinking that, am I caught in a lie by him?
	Luke gives her a once-over, then looks at grandma. His tone is gentle, but without too much emotion,
	“Half a year ago, I was preparing to acquire Jade Picture and sent Tom to investigate the assets and profitability of it. The best part to start with were those new stars. At the party of making new signings in Jade Picture, it was my first time to meet Jenny.”
	At this point, he pauses for a moment, and looks at Jenny’s side face, “It’s only that she doesn't know, so the meeting in Movie World is actually the second time.”
	“Such a good liar!” Jenny thinks secretly.
	Sky doesn’t keep asking. Instead, it is grandma who starts to guess and tries to get to the bottom of their love story, “did you have a crush on Jenny at first sight at the party, so you followed her to Movie World later?”
	Luke nods his head without any facial expression, which makes Jenny laugh out loud.
	“So you courted Jenny first, right?”
	“...” Nodding.
	"You courted Jenny a long time, but she didn’t accept. So you decided to let her have your baby so that she had no choice, right?”
	“...” Luke hesitates for a moment and nods.
	“Good boy, you are like your grandpa when he was young.”
	“...” Keeping nodding.
	What? There seems to be something wrong.
	Jenny looks at granny who is smiling like a flower. She seems to find out some secret things.
	In those days, did grandpa get grandma pregnant so as to court her successfully?
	Luke notices that the little woman on his side looks at grandmother curiously. She looks like a cat that has found dried fish which is really cute.
	He smiles subconsciously and doesn’t realize how warm the smile is.
	But it’s all in sky’s eyes.
	She clenches her fists under the table, her face looks stiff, but still keeps a perfect smile.
	It is very late after dinner, but Sky doesn’t plan to leave at all. She sits down and drinks tea, and suggests that she should accompany granny to go for a walk in the yard.
	“It’s windy today. I would get a headache if walking outside. Maybe we should go for a walk next time. Now, I’m sleepy. I need to have a rest.”
	Intentionally or not, grandma refuses.
	Jenny looks at outside subconsciously.
	It is not windy but a fine day.
	Hearing that, she stands up to accompany granny to bedroom to have a rest.
	“Grandma, you should have more rest. Just go, don’t worry about us. I can talk with Luke for a while.”
	Sky smiles, and does not put her obvious refusal in heart.
	Grandma goes back to her room and Jenny is with her. The nannies are in the outside. Now there are only two of them left in the living room.
	Granny winks at Jenny and tries to imply that she should stay.
	But Jenny seemingly doesn’t get the point, she puts the shawl on her arm, then holds granny’s arm, “let’s go, and I can finish the joke that I told you last time.”
	Mrs. Lu looks at Sky who is sitting on the sofa chatting with Luke happily, and then looks at the girl holding her. She is worried.
	It’s hard to go back on her words. So grandma just goes back to room in a hurry. As soon as grandma lies down, she urges Jenny to go back quickly.
	But Jenny lingers in the bedroom tucking in the corner, adjusting the height of her pillow, and checking to see if the window is closed, she just doesn’t leave.
	“Oh, Jenny,” Mrs. Lu gets anxious, sits up and leans against the bed, looking at Jenny worriedly, “you should go to the living room right now.”
	Jenny is stunned. After pulling the curtains, she turns around and asks, “why?”
	“Accompany the guests. You are the hostess. It’s not proper to accompany me here.” It’s not easy to say too directly.
	“No need,” says Jenny, hesitating, as if she is worrying about something, “They get along well, and I don’t know how to cut in.”
	“You must do that.”
	Mrs. Lu says seriously, “you should keep an eye on your own husband. Although this is a bit old-fashioned, but it is the truth. Although I can trust Luke, you should know that there are many snakes. You can’t trust anybody easily.”
	Grandma has never talked to her so seriously. She has no response for a while and doesn't know what to do.
	Perhaps realizing that she is too harsh, and considering that Jenny is pregnant, Mrs. Lu slows down her tone and sighs, “I am not blaming you. I just want to tell you that women should strive for themselves. If you do not do anything. It will inevitably make men feel that you don't care about him. Got it?”
	Jenny nods without totally understanding. Although she doesn’t fully agree with what grandma says, she knows that it is for her sake.
	In fact, even if grandma doesn’t talk about it, she can feel that Sky has a different relationship with Luke. From the series of things since Sky’s returning home like Sky takes away her resources to record the same show with her and implying Luke to coerce her, everyone can feel her hostility towards Jenny.
	Jenny thinks that she doesn’t have any intersection with Sky before. If there is something to trigger her hostility, it must be Luke.
	Before leaving the room, grandma worries that she will think much about it, so she couldn’t help but remind Jenny, “Luke’s engagement with Sky has long been canceled. Even if it doesn't, now no one would take the engagement made when they were kids seriously. You don't have to worry about it. If you still do, you can ask Luke’s opinion.”
	The engagement is long overdue, and Sky can only be regarded as his ex fiancee.
	When Jenny thinks of that she has married with Luke and that she is his legal wife, she feels a little more confident.
	The sound of the living room is getting closer. It sounds like Sky’s solo. Luke’s voice can be hardly heard.
	He has always been reticent, and it seems that it is no exception to Sky.
	“You guys have chatted for such a long time. Let me ask Harley to cut some fruit for you.”
	Jenny doesn’t know what to say. She says this when she thinks of her grandma’s words that she is the hostess.
	Hearing her voice, Sky raises her head with amazement, but she soon recovers and wears a smile, “great, thank you. Please wash more raisins. Luke likes it.”
	She turns her position from the guest to the hostess.
Chapter 109 I Am the Hostess
	Sky’s reply triggers an invisible war between them.
	Jenny frowns slightly.
	Sky seems to have just said something usual. After that, she turns her head and continues to talk to Luke.
	Jenny feels a little depressed, and her footsteps become heavy as she turns to the kitchen.
	While Harley is helping her to wash the fruit, she asks, “Jenny, does Miss Song know Mr. Lu since they were children? I’ve heard people say that she has well career in foreign countries, and now why does she come back?”
	“After all, the domestic market is bigger.”
	Jenny answers casually.
	“Really, I thought it would be better to be able to go abroad. So, in fact, it’s better to be in China, right? Then you’re awesome!”
	“No, it’s just that our country has larger population, so the market is bigger. As for career development, there are good opportunities in foreign countries . In terms of film and television production or songs, they are way better than that in China...”
	“So she comes back to make money?”
	Harley mutters, “but she seemingly is not short of money.”
	That reminds Jenny.
	Obviously, Sky is not short of money. Although no one would refuse to have more money, people like her working in the entertainment industry who are not going to devote themselves to this career would prefer the pursuit of comfort to the pursuit.
	So what is she coming back for?
	“Jenny, it’s so late now. Is Miss Song not going to leave tonight?”
	Jenny is stunned.
	It seems like Sky is not going to leave.
	“It’s so late. I think so. Please prepare a guestroom for her. And I can do the washing”
	She takes the grape from Harley and let her prepare the guestroom.
	Even if she doesn’t leave, there are so many guestrooms in the house for her. Jenny doesn’t care where she sleeps, as long as it’s not Luke’s room.
	Harley blinks as she leaves, “OK, I’m going to get ready. What about the one on the far left on the second floor?”
	Flower House is very large. There are three stairs to the second floor. On the second floor, there are six guestrooms and one master bedroom. The guestroom Harley mentioned is the one farthest away from the master bedroom.
	Jenny doesn’t know if Harley is on purpose.
	“Is it too far?” Jenny hesitates.
	“Of course not. It has the best sunshine and balcony. Beside the master bedroom, it is the biggest one. Miss Song should stay over in this room, right?”
	It seems to be true.
	Jenny nods and tries to convince herself.
	Jenny goes to the living room with fruit, sits down and chats with them for a while.
	Actually it is to listen Sky’s solo of telling their stories when they were children. Luke holds a financial newspaper in his hand. It seems that he is not listening carefully. Facing such an audience, it is admirable for Sky to keep talking.
	As Harley expected, when the conversation is almost over, Sky looks at the valuable watch on her arm with surprise and says, “oh, it’s so late now.”
	Jenny does not say anything, just glances at Luke.
	He puts down the newspaper in his hand, stands up and smooths down his trousers, and says lightly, “then stay here and let the servant clean up a guestroom for you.”
	Pretending to be polite or not, Sky looks at Jenny with a deliberately and asks, “do you mind?”
	“Of course not. It’s not convenient to go back to your place so late. I’ve asked Harley to clean up a guestroom for you. The one has better air and is comfortable to stay in.”
	Jenny looks like a hostess.
	Round two, Jenny wins.
	When they are going to go upstairs, Sky is originally following Luke, and Jenny doesn’t say anything. Harley is very clever. Standing on the second floor, she calls out to Sky, “Miss Song, your room is here. It’s closer from this stairs.”
	Sky stops, with her delicate hands still holding on the handrail, and she smiles stiffly, “are all the rooms here occupied? I don't dare to stay over alone here.”
	“Miss Song, the room here can get the sunshine in the morning and the ventilation is the best. There is no one to live there all year round. And they smell bad. You are a guest. Naturally, you should stay in the best room.”
	Seeing that Harley doesn’t take her cue, Sky is upset and turns to Luke for help, “Luke, you know, I’m...”
	Jenny also looks at Luke. She doesn’t know why. Even if Sky stays over next door, she doesn’t mind. Anyway, they are not stay in the same room. She just wants to see Luke’s attitude.”
	“They are right. Harley lives downstairs. You can call her if anything happened.”
	Luke’s cold voice echos slightly in the living room.
	Sky’s coquettish face freezes in an instant.
	Jenny lowers her head and tries her best not to laugh.
	There is no idea about whether it is Luke who is lack a sense of romance, or Sky’s intention is too obscure. In short, Sky turns around unpleasantly and goes to the other stairs.
	Jenny follows Luke up the stairs into the bedroom keeping her head down.
	Sky stands at the door of the guestroom. Her eyesight crosses the huge house and lands at the door of the master bedroom on the other side. The scene of them entering the room together hurts her, and she secretly clenches her teeth.
	Is Jenny pregnant? Sky sneers.
	On the other side, Jenny enters the room, lingers to get bath towel and pajamas and goes to the bathroom to take a bath. Originally, she wants to talk about her pregnancy, but she thinks that she should take a bath first because of her smelly sweat. Thus she decides to go to the bathroom now.
	When she comes out, Luke looks like he has already taken a bath. He is lying on the bed in his pajamas. A corner of the quilt is lifted up and put on his abdomen. The buttons of his pajamas are loosely buttoned on his chest, revealing his strong chest muscles.
	He may has taken a shower in the next guestroom.
	Maybe he is very tired. Luke leans on the bed with eyes closed. The book in his hands is on his chest which has been turned to the last two pages. He is about to finish reading.
	While wiping her hair, Jenny takes a close look at it. Its language doesn’t look like English or Chinese. It seems like Arabic. But she did so bad in her foreign language elective course that she can’t figure out the meaning after watching it for a long time.
	It may be a financial book, she thinks.
	“Don’t you dry your hair before but you slide into the bed?”
	Hearing a tired hoarse voice, she stops.
	She looks at the man who has just opened eyes in amazement and says, “I thought you are asleep.”
	“So you sleep like that if I am asleep?”
	Luke looks a little angry, as if to examine her up and down like a scan.
	Jenny tries to keep a smile, but her face is stiff, “come on, it’s okay if I don’t want to dry hair occasionally, right?” 
Chapter 110 Drama and Spy games
	Luke frowns but didn’t say a word.
	Jenny thinks that he is angry and becomes anxious, she stammers, “I’ll go now…”
	“No need, sit down.”
	After he says, he lifts the blanket and got off the bed. He plugs the plug next to the bed and tests the temperature of the hairdryer. He looks at Jenny and pats the bed, “Come over.”
	His voice is gentle like the night. Though it isn’t as soft as the moonlight, it isn’t as cold as the moonlight. It is just nice.
	When he says to go over, it feels like he is asking her to take her entire life and heart and bring it into his embrace.
	The pleasant fragrance of shampoo lingers in the air. Jenny isn’t tall. Normally when she stands in front of him she will have to raise her head to barely look at him clearly. In the dim lights, his breathing is beside her ears, it mixes with the warm air from the hairdryer and her fluttering hair. All these sensually brush against her delicate skin.
	“You didn’t tell me that you’ll be back today.”
	“Will you pick me up at the airport if I had told you?”
	When he speaks, there is a hint of mint in the air.
	Jenny lowers her head to hide her blushing cheeks, “Even if I didn’t pick you up, someone else would.”
	No one informed her about Luke’s return but Sky was able to find out every detail of it. Even which flight he was on. She sent him back to the office and then went to visit his grandmother. If she gets any further, she would be living in the Flower house!
	“I didn’t tell anyone about my return trip. If my guess is correct, Sky found out from my mother.”
	When she hears this, Jenny has a bad feeling.
	“Sky’s relationship with your mother is so good?”
	“Her parents left the country soon after she was born. For some reason she lived with my mother for then years, thereafter she went overseas with her grandfather.”
	“Ten years” Jenny remarks. That’s a long time to spend together.
	She becomes curious at this point. “You spent so much time together with her, why didn’t you develop a relationship which is beyond brothers and sisters?”
	“I stayed at the military academy hostel from the age of three. Every day we had to train and there was very little time for rest. We only met during the weekends and holidays. You should cut down on watching soap dramas.”
	The last statement was very transparent and honest.
	“Where do I have the time to watch soap dramas… I only read the script.”
	“Looks like I have to tell Shawn to reduce giving you soap drama scripts.”
	“Not soap dramas… recently I received a Spy games script…”
	“Oh?” Luke raises his eyebrows, turns, and looks at her, “Can I have a look?”
	Jenny immediately gets off bed and tips toes to her bag. She pulls out a wrinkled script, “I’ve read it, it’s pretty good, Shawn is negotiating the price for me.”
	“Cougar danger zone”
	The names are printed on the script.
	Luke takes it over and flips a few pages doubtfully.
	This is the first time he sees this girl read a script so thoroughly.
	From the first page, there are red, blue, green ink marks jotting down thoughts. It was packed with handwritten notes and even reminders to condition the mood during the film production.
	“You drew these?” Luke said in surprise.
	Jenny nods, “I’m not done with it but almost. Though the cost of production isn’t high, the storyline is pretty good.”
	“Lead actress?”
	“The supporting actress.” She raises two fingers and smiles, “My level hasn’t reached that of a lead actress. I’ve seen this script, there are a lot of supporting actresses.”
	“It’s not bad although there are several logic loopholes.”
	“Logic loopholes?”
	“For example, there is this scene, the supporting actress is supposed to save her best friend and she goes to destroy the enemy’s watchtower. This is a huge logic loophole.”
	“You mean that the supporting actress can’t do it by herself?”
	“No, I feel that the supporting actress shouldn’t risk herself at this point.”
	Jenny holds her forehead…
	Brother, this is the requirement of the scene, the supporting actress and the lead actress fell in love with the same man. If the supporting actress doesn’t die, then don’t tell me they will develop into friends? This is a spy game thriller and not a love story.
	“Furthermore, the audience can guess that this happens. It is too ordinary.”
	“Then according to your thoughts, how should this script be written?”
	“In order to maintain the main plot, the army unit should give up on saving the lead actress and continue with the mission.”
	“Then what happens to the lead actress?”
	“The enemy finds out that the lead actress doesn’t have any value and kills her.”
	“Kill her? She’s the lead actress!”
	“This is where it is fresh and different. The audience will not expect it. This is a Spy games thriller, there is no need for the hero complex. The unit should consider the bigger picture and not the rescue.”
	Jenny smirks, this is logical! Not a single flaw in the logic.
	If Luke is to be the screenwriter, he would have killed all the budding actresses. Thereafter, threatening letters will be sent from all over the country.
	“You fantasize all you want, you’re not the scriptwriter anyway. I’ll just study my script.”
	She takes the script from Luke’s hands and turns to the page which she bookmarked. She picks up a pen and begins scribbling down her thoughts.
	“Have they decided on the lead actress?”
	“Not yet.” Jenny just replied and then realizes something, frowns and says, “Don’t interfere, I think that supporting actress is rather good.”
	Luke smirks and reveals a non-committal look. He picks up an unfinished book, turns to the bookmarked page, and read. Both of them are engrossed in their fictitious world.
	Jenny reads the script for a while before remembering that she didn’t ask him about the pregnancy. It is starting to be obvious that she is pregnant and her mother in law has been asking. She has been wearing loose clothing to hide her pregnancy bump. But after a while longer, she won’t be able to hide it anymore. How is she going to explain it to her?
	She starts to frown.
	Luke finishes the book, closes it, and places it aside. He notices that she is frowning and he also frowns and asks, “What’s up?”
	Jenny comes to her senses when she hears him ask. She shakes her head, “Nothing, I’m tired from reading the script.”
Chapter 111 Transaction
	The next morning after breakfast, Luke intends to send Sky home and thereafter go to work. Jenny was unwilling to go out but grandma kept pushing her to go with them.
	Jenny is alright with this arrangement not because she is worried about something happening between Luke and Sky but she had promised Shawn that these couple of days she will go to the gym to control her weight.
	Last night she succumbed to grandma’s pressure to eat more, if Shawn finds out, she will definitely force her on the thread mill and run for miles.
	In the car, Luke asks about the situation with her work.
	Jenny is slightly overwhelmed and says everything, “There is an endorsement, the advertisement for Comfort Home’s soap will be produced in two days. The program at 8:30 on Friday is recorded once every fortnight. The next recording schedule is unknown. Shawn is negotiating the script in hand, and thereafter we will wait for the director to start filming. The company has arranged for Shawn and Cecilia to do visit the customers. I’m not too sure about the nitty-gritty. There is another endorsement for Eshmour…”
	She pauses for a moment when she realizes that there is someone else in the car who so happens to be her competitor.
	She doesn’t know how to continue and it didn’t look like Sky wants to speak.
	“Sky, you participated in the interview for endorsing Eshmour, didn’t you?”
	Luke asks, to open up this topic.
	Once he says this, the awkwardness disappears.
	“I didn’t know Jenny when I came back and didn’t know that my competitor would be her. Had I known, I wouldn’t have participated. At this point, it is kind of awkward.
	Sky is warm and gentle in her reply. Her perfect smile looks like it is tailored for this moment.
	The way she says it is like she will definitely get the endorsement role and Jenny is no match for her.
	“There won’t be much information that you can know beforehand, so it’s a fair interview and fair competition.”
	Luke’s tone is very calm as if it is a simple task.
	Jenny feels that this is very fair and proper. There isn’t anything improper about it.
	However, it is Sky who wants to probe for information, she laughs and asks, “Then brother Luke, between Jenny and I who will get this role?”
	Jenny is sitting at the front passenger seat and cannot see Luke’s expression. She feels her back stiffen up.
	In her understanding of Luke, he has always been a straight forward person. He will not lie or sugar coat his words just because the person is related to him. But at this point, it does appear that Sky has a better chance at the role. She has the fame, the reputation, and the poise for this role.
	Except that it is difficult for her to stomach such a logical analysis.
	“My ability to analyze can’t determine who wins amongst you.”
	This sentence avoided the current topic.
	He can see from the rearview mirror that Sky is smiling confidently.
	She didn’t give up and continues, “Than who do you hope for?”
	This question is as direct as they come.
	Jenny frowns and tightens her grip on her bag.
	“Being the boss of Jade Picture, I can’t be hoping that my competitor gets the role, can I?”
	The answer is very official. Though it didn’t bring her any comfort, it also didn’t favor Sky.
	Jenny is relieved and she feels slightly better.
	Sky continues to laugh, “You should mention it earlier, I should then sign up with Jade Picture. Luke, if you want me to go over, I can consider the move.”
	The rearview mirror conveys Luke’s expression. He continues to smile but did not give her an answer.
	It is definitely beneficial for Jade Picture to have Sky with them. Sky is highly in demand by the many motion pictures and social media companies. Only Luke knows what he is thinking at this point.
	Once he sends Sky to Brilliant Entertainment, Luke and Jenny proceed to the company.
	A black luxurious car with an eye-catching registration plate stops at the entrance to Brilliant Entertainment. Sky says that she had left her bag in the car and the only one who could take the bag for her was Jenny.
	Jenny doesn’t like to be hounded by paparazzi and she felt as if the scene of her passing the bag to Sky was captured by someone. But she can’t tell where the paparazzi are hiding. She maintains her silence.
	Sky stands at the ground floor of Brilliant Entertainment and looks at the car drive away.
	She didn’t notice that a tall and handsome man is standing behind her, looking at her with his razor-focused eyes.
	“Jealous?” The man asks.
	Sky didn’t turn around as if she knew who he is and coldly replies, “The status of that gal is nothing for me to be jealous about.”
	“Then why are you standing here for so long? Are you expecting Luke to come back for you?”
	“Just mind your own business.”
	She turns and says, “You’re a director and keep following me around. Aren’t you worried about rumors from the company staff?”
	“They can say all they want, what am I worried about?”
	“Oh? You’re not concerned about your wife?”
	When she mentions the wife, his posture stiffens up and turns serious and said in frustration, “Don’t mention her.”
	Sky smiles and adjusts his collar, “Mr. Hopkins, I need to remind, we just have a business relationship, don’t interfere too much. I’ll give you what you need and that’s beneficial to both of us, what do you say?”
	Sky’s smile is sly as if the angel and devil are combined into one. Her slender finger brushes his chin and touches his chest momentarily. The man caves in and grabs her hand.
	She retracts her hand and walks off in a breeze.
	“Mr. Hopkins, quickly find out for me that issue. I have a meeting with an advertisement company. I’ve got to run.”
	Her high heels give off the crisp sound as if each step is on the lower half of a man’s body. He takes a deep breath and smells her fragrance and inevitably has a reaction.
	The lobby is filled with people and he can only walk back to the lift. Once back at the office, he calls for his secretary and ravaged her on the office table.
	His hands grab on to the voluptuous breasts and violently ravaged her till the table squeaked loudly. The secretary’s blouse was in a mess and she bites her lips to prevent herself from screaming out loud.
	It was supposed to be a tasty moment but after he vents out he feels tasteless. He looks in a distant, that damn woman.
	Sooner or later I’ll make you beg me for a fuck.
Chapter112 A Secret Investigation
	The secretary pants and moans for a while before she finds out that Myles has actually stopped. And she feels a little embarrassed.
	It’s just that the women around Myles are smart. Even under such a circumstance, they can still try their best to observe Myles’s words and expressions. Her suit jacket is casually on shoulders, and the shirt buttons are pulled loosely. Even though she has buttoned the buttons, the shirt still cannot cover her sexy figure.
	She sits at his desk with her long legs folded together. The moment she lifts legs, everything in the skirt can be seen clearly.
	But none of this arouses Myles’s desire.
	The secretary then gets the point, sits down embarrassedly, quickly smooths the clothes on her body, and stand aside respectfully.
	Myles leans on the executive chair and folds her hands on the table frowning and looking worriedly.
	“Have you finished the job that I asked you to d last time?”
	The secretary hears that, laughing out suddenly, “so is this what you are troubled with? You should tell me earlier so that we can have sex later.”
	“Pardon?” Myles sits up with a jerk from his chair, “have you found anything?”
	“Yes!”
	The Secretary touches his chest, points at his shirt and answers word by word, with confidence.
	Myles takes her hand and says, “Show it to me.”
	“Don’t you believe me?” She stamps her foot in a coquettish manner, throws a wink, turns and walks out of the office, “wait a minute...”
	A yellow paper bag is on the huge desk. The paper and the bag rustle. Myles looks at what she has found in the document, and smiles.
	The secretary, standing behind him, pinching his shoulder, raising her eyebrows and looking at the contents of the paper with a smile, asks,
	“Myles, why did you ask me to gather information about Jenny? You like her?”
	“Are you jealous?”
	“Of course not. I’d love to have more girls serving you. Although Jenny looks like a simple girl, she is involved with a lot of people. It’s not so easy for you to get her.”
	Myles glances at the name “Adan” on the paper, snorts coldly, pushes the paper back into the envelope, raises his hand and holds the secretary’s slender wrist. He looks at the sexy body of the secretary from up to down, with dubious attitude. He places his big hands on her fair thigh and then slides them higher and higher...
	“Do you think I am such a man who doesn’t care about the business for a woman?”
	The Secretary moans heavily. She bents over towards Myles’s face, skillfully raises her legs and sits on his legs, wriggling her waist like having strong desire.
	“Myles...”
	The sound insulation of the office door is good. There are two different worlds inside and outside the door. The desire inside is burning and the outside is busy.
	Jenny accompanies Luke to the company. Originally, she wants to avoid meeting others and walks from the garage by herself. But for some reason, Luke’s car directly stops at the gate of Jade Picture, where there are many pedestrians.
	Jenny picks up her bag and blocks her face. She turns to Luke and says, “let’s go to the garage. There are too many people here...”
	Luke’s face looms that it seems like he can not be convinced by this reason.
	“We have make a deal that we would not disclose our relationship now. There will be too many troubles after that. And colleagues in the company will gossip about...”
	Before Jenny finishes, Luke opens the door with a frown and says coldly, “drive her to the garage.”
	Looking at the back of the Luke. Jenny realizes that he didn’t look well just now. It seems that he has misunderstood something.
	“Jenny, why don’t you want to go into the company with Luke? What a good opportunity to show your identity?”
	Chen is puzzled and asks as he drives into the underground garage.
	Jenny frowns and replies, “he’s a boss who has just acquire Jade Picture. If it’s revealed that he has an affair with me, people would think of him in a different way. Maybe some people will badmouth him as a man who relies on woman.”
	Chen loos surprised, “is this what you think?”
	“Yes.”
	“I thought you are worrying about your reputation.”
	Jenny sighs, “I don’t care about it. Because I am already knee-deep in a lot of negative news.”
	Chen looks at her side face with admiration, but he still worries about her.
	From the elevator in the garage to the gym, Jenny finds that Cecelia has been waiting for her at the door.
	When seeing Jenny, Cecelia five the sportswear to her and asks her to wear it right now.
	“There are so many people in the gym today. Go ahead quickly. I’ll help you to occupy a treadmill first.”
	“How could there be so many people in the gym?” Jenny is a little puzzled. Usually the famous stars of the company are outside the company to work. New stars are often in the shape classroom and dance classroom, and there are few people in the gym.
	In the dressing room.
	Cecelia rolls her eyes and looks disdainful, “Do you know Christina, it is she who brings some new stars and says that she get a new work for them which requires them to have some muscle. They are going to work out in the gym for these two days.”
	“Good for them. But why are you scornful?”
	“Gosh, they can’t even bear the level of difficulty in the dance classroom. I don’t think that they can keep doing exercises to have muscles.”
	Cecelia finds that Jenny is still standing here, then she pushes her to the fitting room, “hey, please change your suit quickly!”
	“OK! Don’t push me, I’m going now...”
	Entering the fitting room, Jenny sees a lot of pretty girls.
	Five or six young girls stands in front of the wardrobe, being naked.
	“Oh, Ada, look at you! Your breasts are so big! Do you take hormone as meal since you are a kid?” It is Christina who is speaking. Her voice sounds familiar, but Jenny doesn’t see her. She seems to be standing behind the door of the open cupboard which has blocked her.”
	“Bull shit, Christina! No one can have a G cup by simply eating it.” One of the girls obviously disagrees.
	“Then what is your opinion?”
	“Let me see...” The girl stretches out her hand and pinches Ada’s breasts twice, which makes Ada shocked to scream. They laughs and says, “I think it may be because of the men.”
	Jenny envies these new stars who seemingly do not worry about anything. When she first started her career, she seemed to be as naive as them and could laugh at a little thing all day.
Chapter 113 Scar and Tattoo
	Christina is the first to see Jenny come in and coughs twice to give everyone a hint.
	Many girls knows Jenny. Except Christina, they are polite and says hi to Jenny.
	Jenny’s age is not much older than them. Although some of them are new star, they are older than her. However, in the company, they are always ranked according to the status and the order of their debut, so naturally Jenny is regarded as their senior.
	Jenny smiles politely and turns to the another place to change clothes.
	Just taking off underwear, Jenny hears a voice behind her with a cold hum, “I did not expect you to have a such sexy figure as you look slim.”
	It sounds familiar.
	To her surprise, it is Christina who clearly doesn’t like her. Now why does she come to her?
	Jenny glances at her breast and raises her eyebrows, “so do you.”
	Christina is 1.7 meters tall. Although she is not bootylicious, she has long legs. Before she becomes a star, she has posed for many magazine cover as she was a plane model. In addition, because of her family, she is well-connected. As soon as she enters this field, she is taken care by a famous agent.
	After putting on the sports underwear, her hair and necklace are entangled and stuck in her clothes. Even though Jenny is flexible, she can not solve it by herself.
	“Let me help you.”
	When Christina says this, Jenny is a little surprised and nods hesitantly, “thank you.”
	“No problem. We are in the same company, so we supposed to help each other...”
	Christina drags the necklace, then pulls a few strands of hair that are tangled with the necklace, and finally pulls out the long hair tucked in the sports underwear. As she pulls her hair up to adjust the necklace, she notices that there is a red heart which is of the size of a fingernail cap on the back of Jenny’s neck.
	“Is this a tattoo?”
	Jenny subconsciously touches her back neck and nods with a smile.
	“You seems to be quite obedient following to the rules of the company. Unexpectedly we are the same.”
	Christina puts down Jenny’s hair and stands aside with her arms folded, being scornful.
	Jenny notices the rose tattoo on her arm, and is serious slightly, “the company doesn't allow us to have tattoos for which will affects our filming in the future. And it will be very troublesome to deal with tattoos in the movies or TV series.”
	“Come on. Although you have tattoo on the back of your neck which is not obvious, but it is still a tattoo!”
	Hearing that, Jenny frowns and explains, “when I was a child, I went to the aquarium and fell down accidentally. I was bitten by a small fish which leads to a scar. My mother thought it looks ugly, so she took me to tattoo. It is not as what you think.”
	Hearing this, Christina’s face changes slightly. After a few seconds of silence, she glances at her, and left, “bull shit. I don’t believe it. Don’t be holier-than-thou. It is just a tattoo, okay?”
	“Girls, let's go. I can’t stand staying with her!”
	Then they leave the fitting room noisily.
	Staring after them, Jenny raises her eyebrows with complex feeling.
	She touches the tattoo on her neck and could feel some protruding marks which is no longer obvious. When her mother was still alive, she told her that it was left by a small tailed fish when she fell into the aquarium. This fish’s teeth are poisonous. Although it’s not a big problem if being bitten, It’s hard to remove the scar. That’s why her mom took her to get a tattoo.
	She sits on the sofa in the fitting room and frowns for a moment. Maybe she was too young at that time, or she was ill seriously after falling in. She just couldn’t remember how she fell into the aquarium. Her parents didn’t tell her much when they were alive.
	Forget it, it doesn’t matter.
	She touches the necklace around her neck and takes a deep breath,
	“Dad and mom, please bless me that I could find out the truth of that year. I hope that it would have nothing to do with the Lu.”
	In the whole day, Jenny stays in the gym. The fitness coaches are called away by Christina and those stars. Jenny has to work out by herself. Fortunately, Cecelia is a sports maniac. She is very proficient in all kinds of exercises. She is more than enough to train Jenny alone.
	“You should have to do another one hundred squats today before finishing." Cecelia unscrews the cap of the mineral water and gives it to Jenny, who is still struggling with the barbell.
	“That’s good. Keep going.”
	When they are talking, Jenny’s cell phone rings.
	“Your cell phone rings,” Cecelia glances at her,
	“Please take it to me,” Jenny grits her teeth and finishes a squat, speaking tiredly.
	Cecelia nods, picks up her cell phone and says, “hello? Jenny is in the gym now. She is not able to answer the phone. Please call back later.”
	“Address? And your name?”
	“Oh, I see. The gym is on the second floor of Jade Picture. You can see it when you comes out from the elevator.”
	After answering the phone, Cecelia looks suspiciously and asks Jenny, “do you have a brother? Are you not the only child of your family?”
	“What? No,” answers Jenny casually, “Cecelia, don't stand in my way. I’m almost out of breath. You can go to have a rest.”
	Cecelia originally wants to talk about it, but she thinks that Jenny is exhausted now. And it is not an emergency. So she puts down her cell phone and sits down in elsewhere.
	After doing a hundred squats, Jenny feels like she is extremely exhausted. She glances at the five treadmills that have been occupied before, but there is no one there now. Christina and her friends are all leaning on the yoga mat, being on their phones and flirting with men in the gym.
	Just like what Cecelia has said before, they have no perseverance to keep fit.
	“You’re right.” She takes a sip of water and glances at Christina.
	Cecelia sneers, “I have told you that. And I bet that they would not come tomorrow.”
	Jenny bows her head and laughs, “forget about them. What do you have for dinner? Do you want to join me if you don’t have an appointment?”
	In the past two days, she was busy losing weight. Before she left home, she said to her grandma that she would not go back to dinner. Otherwise, she feels that the amount of exercise today would be wasted.
	Cecelia is about to nod her head when she suddenly sees a man coming by the door of the gym. And she could not take her eyes off him.
	The girls in the gym are screaming, “oh god, he’s gorgeous!”
	Jenny finds that Cecelia’s eyes are straight, and feels puzzled, subconsciously following her sight, “what?”
	She turns around and sees warm and gentle eyes.
	“Hi, Jenny. Long time no see..”
	The man is gentle and elegant. He is wearing a beige sweater, white casual pants, and a camel coat in his arms. He is walking towards Jenny like someone who is under the sunshine.
	“Adan...” Jenny hesitates and calls him.
Chapter 114 The Former Best Actor
	Adan’s presence at the gym causes a commotion.
	Christina and her friends originally lay on the yoga mat and was on their mobile phones. When they sees him from a distance, they all stands up.
	“Who is that man? A new star? He looks elegant,” one of the girls standing by Christina takes a pictures of him and says, “let me have a check.”
	Christina looks at Adan with a frown and feels familiar with him.
	Ada, who has been silent for a while, whispers after staring at him, “it’s Adan who won the Golden Bear Award four years ago."
	Christina touches her chin and looks at Ada. Ada’s words suddenly remind her, “oh, it is him...”
	“The best actor? Was he in the movie called shining spears and armoured horses? No wonder that he looks familiar.”
	The others are surprised.
	"After he won the award, he just filmed two movies and then he withdrew from the entertainment industry. So now there are a lot of people don't know him.”
	Ada’s voice is soft and slow, but she has explained clearly.
	But Christina is impatient to know more, “why didn’t he continue to develop his career in mainland China?”
	Ada has never seen Christina being impatient. Being shocked for a while, she answers incoherently, “because...Because I heard that his parents are in Hongkong. And his family is rich. So they ask him to go back and inherit his family property.”
	Christina raises her head, and looks at them at the door feeling puzzled, “is he familiar with Jenny?”
	"Both of them won the Golden Bear award of the same year. Maybe this is the reason why they know each other...”
	Ada’s low voice sounds like a mosquito, which makes Christina feel irritable.
	“Does it matter? You are completely out of your mind.”
	ADA is yelled by her which makes her shut her mouth immediately and does not dare to say anything.
	In the fitting room, Jenny quickly changes her clothes and packs up.
	She has heard Victoria saying that Adan is back, and she thought it was a joke. Now she suddenly sees him, which makes her feel unreal.
	When she is packing things, she is worried. For Adan, she is always a little guilty. Before she received help from him and his family when she was helpless, but she couldn’t give them anything in return.
	She meets Christina when leaving the fitting room.
	“Some one leads a colorful private life.”
	She’s as mean as usual.
	Jenny doesn’t bother arguing with him, so she just passes her with her bag on her back.
	“What is she flexing? She has been worked as a star for so many years, but still sitting around like us in the company...” A girl stranding near Christina frowns and murmurs.
	Christina stares at her, “I am not sitting around.”
	The girl shrinks her neck and doesn’t dare to speak again.
	Seeing that Christina aggressively goes to clean up her closet, they look at each other embarrassedly.
	What wrong with Christina today?
	On the other side, Adan takes Jenny’s bag from her hand and smooths her hair, “you are slimmer.”
	“Sure? I don’t think so.” Jenny spreads out her hands, “if I have lost weight, I would not go to the gym.”
	“Well, it doesn’t matter. I don’t mind your weight. Let’s go to have some delicious food.”
	Adan looks at her fondly.
	She sticks out her tongue, “maybe I can only eat salad.”
	And thinking that “if I break the rule, today’s work is in vain. Let alone my endorsement.”
	Adan raises his eyebrows slightly, touches his chin and says, “Okay. Then I need to ask my friend where is the best salad here.”
	“Really? But you just came back. So you are the boss today. You can eat whatever you like, I can try to control myself to eat less.”
	Jenny smiles and pats Adan on the shoulder, “Let’s go.”
	When Jenny and Adan walk out from the gate of Jade Picture, Jessica happens to hold hands with Frankie and comes out of the elevator. Seeing a familiar figure, Jessica suddenly stops her steps.
	“What’s the matter?”
	Frankie looks at her suspiciously.
	“Do you think that’s jenny?”
	Having a look along Jessica’s eyesight, Frankie finds two people at the door. The man is tall, and is opening the door to let the woman get on the car. When the man gets on the car, he sees his side face, which is good-looking.
	Frankie’s face changes.
	“Is he Adan?”
	Jessica frowns and asks, “why is Jenny with Adan?”
	In her impression, this young Golden Bear Award winner seems to have nothing to do with Jenny.
	Frankie’s eyes are fixed on that car. People who are automobile fans know that this car is a global limited sports car. There are only five released in China, five different colors, of which the silver one is the most expensive.
	Four years ago, when Adan won the Golden Bear Award with Jenny, Frankie was not familiar with Jenny at that time. He was busy with the internship in Jade Picture, and did not have frequent contact with Jenny. Therefore, he does not know exactly when Jenny knew Adam.
	“It’s said that Adan’s family is rich and does business in Hongkong. Three years ago, when he was most popular, he suddenly withdrew from the entertainment industry. It seems that he went home to take over his family business. I have some friends there who say that he has a secret girlfriend, who has not shown up yet.”
	Jessica has always been more gossipy, and has more people to chat with. Naturally she knows more.
	Frankie is just thinking about how Adan and Jenny met. When Jessica talks about his withdrawal three years ago, he suddenly thinks of something,
	“When exactly did he withdraw three years ago?”
	“When?” Jessica ponders for a moment, “I remember it was a big news, like...”
	Suddenly, she says firmly, “maybe it was around the month when the Jin's Wine had some affairs. At that time, things of Jin's Wine were sensational, involving many cases of officials’ corruption. There was no news in the entertainment industry that time. Then suddenly, Adan’s withdrawal became headline which directly shadowed the news of Jin's Wine.”
	The reason why things in Jin's Wine ended so quickly and didn’t involve Jenny is the news about his withdrawal in the entertainment industry released.
	At that time, some people on the Internet speculated whether it was because it involved too much officials and was of great sensitivity that they used this news to divert attention, but it was soon denied.
	If they really wanted to do that, there is no need to sacrifice the future of a well-trained actor. It is enough to use a news about some star’s cheating.
	Jessica is thinking about what it has to do with Jenny, and suddenly she finds something is wrong with Frankie.
	“What’s wrong with you? Why do you care about this suddenly.” 
Chapter 115 Covering-up
	“Was there a counterpart of the movie by which Jenny won the award on new year's day?”
	When Frankie asks about the film, Jessica suddenly realizes something, “yes, at that time, it was said that the crew was short of funds. So director Zhang invited director Wang to set up a temporary shed with the original crew of Jenny’s movie, and filmed a New Year blockbuster for additional investment of the investors”
	Unexpectedly, the movie, which had been shooting for more than half a year at that time, flopped badly at the box office, but the New Year blockbuster which had been shot for two months was a hit.
	“But Jenny wasn’t in that movie...”
	Jessica is a little surprised. She doesn’t know why Frankie is asking.
	When she was still Jenny’s friend, she did ask why she wasn’t in the film. If she was, she would be well-known now.
	Jenny’s explanation was that she was first in a sad movie. So she couldn’t adjust her mood in that comedy later within a day, and the director could only ask someone else to replace her.
	When she asked, she suddenly understood.
	Although Jenny was not in that film, Adan starred in it, who was already a little famous at that time, and was asked to help by director Wang.
	Although they were two different films, they are in the same set.
	So they may have known each other at that time.
	“Let’s go.” Frankie looks at her, without explaining too much, and just walks away toward the door.
	But she thinks Frankie looks weird.
	He is suspicious of something.
	Recently, Frankie always goes out alone without telling her. Last night, she secretly checked his phone and found that he had deleted everything, which made her even more suspicious.
	What’s the problem if Adan knows Jenny?
	In front of the French window of the CEO’s office on the 10th floor of Jade Picture, of which the vision is wide, there is a man in a black suit standing. His cold eyes float far through the window. On the viaduct far away, there is a silver sports car running fast.
	There is a knock on the door in the huge office.
	“Come in.”
	There are sounds of high heels on the floor, and Luke hears Lilian’s serious, icy voice,
	“Luke, it’s Adan from AJ Media who is with Jenny.”
	“AJ Media?”
	“It is the property of Hongkong Adan group. Adan, the only son of the Yan, founded it three years ago. He is well-connected in Hongkong. He just set up a branch in X City three months ago. It seems that he is going to develop in mainland China.”
	Lilian is an analyst.
	After all, although the mainland market is large, there are always people who want to take a share of it and he has to keep an eye on it.
	At present, the competition between Brilliant Entertainment and Jade Picture is already very intense. And their competition of resources is heating up. He has to avoid someone playing both ends against the middle.
	Looking at Luke’s back, Lilian doesn’t get a response for a long time. She starts to get a little flustered and thinks that she may have said something wrong.
	As for Luke, he just frowns and looks out of the window with a chill in his eyes.
	Does AJ Media mean Adan and Jenny?
	The name is quite obvious.
	-
	In the revolving restaurant in the ZF Building, the tallest building of X City, the most beautiful sight of X City can be seen clearly from the window.
	Adan cuts the steak with a smile and looks at the girl across him, “are you sure that you don’t wanna have a taste? It’s really tasty.”
	Jenny is chewing on the salad, swallowing, shaking her hair and raising a hand, “no, take it away. I can’t eat it.”
	“It’s no big deal having a piece.”
	As Adan says, he makes a gesture to put a piece of steak on Jenny’s plate.
	Jenny quickly picks up her plate and pleads, “Adan, don’t tempt me. Do you know how much time I’ll have to run on the treadmill if I eat it?”
	Adan stops for a moment, and looks a little embarrassed. He hesitates, sighs and takes it back. He says helplessly, “well, it’s not easy to buy you a dinner.”
	Jenny puts down the plate, takes a breath, and grins again, “it’s OK. I’m so glad to see you. And the dinner is not the most important thing.”
	“You used to love delicious food. Your dad always sent you some spicy food when we were in the crew. At that time, the most favorite thing of the whole crew was waiting for your express delivery.”
	Adan looks at Jenny worriedly.
	Jenny shrugs her shoulders indifferently, “I can’t help it. I’ve been in Melbourne for a long time. Now, in China, I’ll look fat when I eat spicy food. So I have to quit. Anyway work is the priority.”
	“Actually you don’t need to do that. You are a graduate of finance, and if you want, you can a better job corresponding your major instead of entering the entertainment industry.”
	“It’s not that easy,” Jenny laughs, stirring the salad on her plate, “I was an actor before. Finance company doesn’t want a high-profile employee. Besides, I want to make more money quickly to buy my house back.”
	When she came back to China, she had thought clearly that she would choose to enter entertainment industry. Although being an actress is very tired and may get a bad reputation, she can get money quickly. Even if she is now a small figure who can’t reach c-list now, she can get a considerable salary for filming a movie. This is what she needs and what she likes.
	Adan doesn’t think so. He frowns, “if you’re worried that it’s hard to find a job, AJ Media is always open to you. If you don’t want to develop in mainland China, you can go to Hongkong. My parents should be very happy to have you in our family.”
	When he mentions this, Jenny feels upset, but she still keeps smiling, “Adan, I know you are good to me, but you really don’t need to do so.”
	She lowers her head and eat the salad slowly. She is very grateful to what he and his family have done. Adan’s parents treat her good. In recent years, when she was in Melbourne, she had been taken care of by them, although she is not their relatives. And it always made her feel guilty.
	Adan can’t help gripping his knife and fork hand harder, and his tone is a bit depressed, “Jenny, you don’t need to be so polite to me. You know, I always treat you as...”
	Suddenly, Jenny raises her head, lifts her hand to reach for the glass and meets Adan’s straight eyesight.
	“I always treat you as my sister,” after all, he couldn’t make up his mind to confess. He knows that if he does so, it would be hard to ask Jenny to accept his kindness again and everything he does will be believed to have bad intentions.
	Jenny takes a sip of water and then begins to laugh. Two dimples in the corners of her mouth seem to shine with light which look charming.
	“I always regard you as my brother. By the way, Adan, will you not go back to Hongkong this time?”
	“Yes,” Adan says with a restrained voice, “my parents hope that I can expand the market here. There will be at least a year before I going back to Hongkong.” 
Chapter116 I Do Not Care About Who He Is
	“Does Victoria know that you come back? She said you were coming back when she was on video with me half a month ago, and I thought she was joking.”
	Then Jenny feels unhappy, “Why didn't you tell me before you came back?”
	“I am afraid she learned it from her brother. I did not tell her that.”
	“If she knows you are eating with me, she will come and blackmail you right now.”
	Jenny looks down with a smile, brushes her hair around her ears, and her elegant swan neck glistens with silver necklaces.
	Adan’s eyes reflects her face alone, as if they can hold nothing else.
	It is dark outside, and they are like old friends whom they has not seen for a long time. They talk about life and troubles and the ups and downs of the past as if they can talk about anything.
	Adan does not want to break Jenny’s unguarded mentality towards him, so he chooses to keep silent for a while and hide his heart.
	“Where are you living now? I’ll take you back.”
	The waiter drives the car to the door of the restaurant. They walk out of the restaurant together. Adan opens the door of the car and makes a gesture of greeting to Jenny.
	At first, Jenny hesitates. She thinks that it will be strange if she says no. So she decides to go back to her apartment tonight. And she gets into the car.
	“I live with Victoria in a single apartment, which is not too far from here.”
	Adan is a very funny man. He talks about many interesting things in the car. Jenny does not laugh so much for a long time.
	On the way, Luke calls Jenny.
	“Where are you?”
	Luke is speaking coldly as before and Jenny does not find nothing different. She looks around at Adan. Then she lowers her voice and says, “I’m with my friends. I’m going back to my apartment.”
	She has not yet figured out how to tell Adan and Victoria that she is married, so she plans to keep it a secret until she is a little more stable.
	There is no way to explain the pregnancy, after all, and she worries that the more people know it, the more trouble she will meet.
	After the thing about pregnancy is over, she confesses to Victoria and Adan.
	There is a long silence on the other end of the line. Just when Jenny thinks he has hung up, Luke is speaking again, “Aren’t you coming back to the Flower House tonight?”
	Because Adan is looking on and she is afraid of Adan will think to much, so Jenny does not explain much. She just says, “It’s too late today. I’ll talk to you tomorrow about something.”
	Then she hangs up.
	Adan asks simply, “Your boyfriend?”
	Jenny’ face turns red, “Yeah.”
	They are legally married, so they are boyfriend and girlfriend.
	Adan becomes numb and hesitates for a long time without any reaction. What does it mean?
	In his mind, a boyfriend, maybe the man who is chasing her?
	Jenny is pretty, so it’s normal for someone to pursue her. But she still lives in a single apartment with Victoria. That means nothing is going anywhere.
	After all, he knows that Jenny just breaks up with Frankie
	Then, Adan mentions Frankie in a roundabout way to take care of Jenny’s mood.
	“I heard that Jessica, your best friend is going to get married.”
	Jenny nods, “Adan, you don’t have to beat around the bush. I broke up with Frankie. There is nothing to be ashamed to ask.”
	“It doesn’t matter. You are so outstanding. And Frankie breaks up with you, I believe that he will regret.”
	Hearing what Adan says, Jenny thinks of Victoria’s previous dirty words and suddenly burst into laugh, “You are so gentle that you even curse people for me in such a gentle way.”
	When Victoria knows that, she scold them much. What makes Jenny the most impressed is that, “Jessica is a shameless bitch. Frankie and Jessica are both the mentally disabled. If I see her, I will strip off all her clothes and throw her into the forest and feed her to the dogs. Oh, the dogs won't eat them.”
	At the door of the apartment, Jenny gets out of the car and talks to Adan, laughing and talking.
	“There are no lamps. Shall I send you up?”
	“No, there is no need. Victoria is at home!” Jenny points to the lighted room on the second floor, “I live in that room. It’s a mess. When it’s ready, please come and visit me.”
	They don’t dare to chat in front of the door for too long. After all, the negative news just stops these two days. If Jenny is photographed again, it will be harder to explain.
	Jenny presses the code to open the door, only to find that someone standing at the window is not Victoria.
	A tall figure with cold features is back to her, looking out of the window just gone sports car.
	Jenny hesitates and looks around the room hurriedly, “What are you doing here? Where’s Victoria?”
	“Is it because of this man that you don’t go back to the Flower House?”
	There is a chill in the air.
	Jenny is standing in the doorway. Then the door just closes behind her.
	“He’s my friend. I wonder if you’ve misunderstood me?”
	Normal people know what to say at this time. And she just wants Luke to listen to her explanation.
	“I don’t care about the identity of this man, and I just want to know why you don’t go back to the Garden tonight?”
	Luke turns around and pulls out his hands, which are in his trouser pocket, and places them on the window sill. He stands in a seemingly casual posture, but with an air of authority.
	Thinking of Luke’s anger when they arrived at the company, Jenny realizes that Luke does not hope her to keep their marriage a secret.
	Something is easy to explain, but it turns to be hard to say that.
	She frowns and thinks for a moment, then says cautiously,
	“I do think it’s too late, and your grandma should go to bed. I do not want to bother her when I go back...”
	“Lying will only aggravate the misunderstanding, if you think I misunderstood you.”
	Luke, who has no intention of waiting for her to finish, cuts her off mercilessly and exposes her lie, “You should know the soundproof effect of the Flower House.”
	It seems that Jenny falls into trouble.
	“Tell me, why don’t you want to go back to the garden?”
	Luke is still standing on the windowsill, not trying to get close to her, but the sneer on his lips makes her shudder.
	“If you don’t tell me, then I will speak for you. If not, you take a step forward. And if you think that reason will move me, then you just stand there so that you do not need to continue to lie.”
	Before Jenny can agree or refuse, Luke looks up at her coldly and almost asks her, “Do the servants at the Flower House show you no respect?”
	She pauses for a few seconds and shakes her head slowly.
	“Come here.” Luke says coldly, looking very serious. 
Chapter117 Telling A Lie
	She takes a step forward, thinking she is only irritating him, so he wants to scares her.
	“Is it the conditions of the garden can not meet your requirements?”
	The cool sound is like a waterfall pouring in the cold night, flowing slowly in the silent room.
	Jenny keeps silent. As she walks forward, her steps are a little boisterous.
	“Is that you hate me?”
	“...”
	This bachelor flat is very small, only fifty square meters in size. It is five or six steps from the porch to the window. Luke has almost finished talking about all the possibilities. Jenny come up to him with only twenty centimeters to go.
	Luke looks at her coldly, “You are not satisfied with any of the many reasons I tell you?”
	Her fingers clench violently, with her nails pinching her flesh, but she seems to feel no pain.
	She panics.
	Since she has known Luke, Jenny has seen him in all his bully ways, in all his meekness, in all his rage, but she has never seen him look at her with such indifference.
	“Adan is just my friend. So please don’t misunderstand me. I don’t go back to the garden today because...”
	“Because what?”
	Because...”
	She averts his eyes and does not tell the reason for a long time.
	Luke’s patience has run out and he takes a quick step forward, “Because you’re not going to tell your friends the fact that you’re married.”
	He approaches abruptly her.
	Jenny feels like she can hardly breathe.
	She opens her mouth and tries to explain something, but he is telling the truth, and she has no power of refuting it.
	A burst of pain comes from her chin and she is forced to look up into the cold eyes.
	His features, like a cold sculpture, has no feeling, “Have you nothing to say?”
	She struggles, trying to get out of his grasp, but the force on her shoulder makes her impotent.
	“At first, we make an appointment that we should not tell anyone about it for the moment...”
	She tries to redeem with their original agreement.
	“Is it? I didn’t know then what sort of a range you were talking about for other people.”
	Luke’s voice grows colder and colder.
	“Adan is just my friend.”
	Jenny doesn’t seem to have anything else to say except this, but it just seems so weak at the moment.
	“Are you going to introduce me that way to your friends?”
	Then, Jenny blinks. She catches a glimpse of the bedroom door and finds a person lying vaguely on the bed, but without moving.
	The yellow light shines on the edge of the bed and she sees blood dripping from the top of her feet.
	“What do you do to Victoria?” Her eyes widen and she struggles desperately.
	Luke snorts, “Do you see it all?”
	“If you kill someone, you’ll pay for it. Luke, so what if you are born in the Lus family...”
	“In Xicheng, my family does not need to pay for killing a person.”
	“Fuck you...”
	“You hide the fact that you are married to me, and then you blame your husband for being a jerk?” The pressure on my shoulders is getting a little heavier.
	“Don’t you forget that my marriage with you is only a business!”
	Jenny loud roar makes the room in a dead silence.
	That is the truth of her marriage. But for these months, she has been trying to hypnotize herself into forgetting that it’s just a shady deal.
	Luke’s face went pale for a moment. Then the next second, he leans close to her face, almost touching the end of her nose, “If you don’t tell me, I will forget it.”
	However, a sharp pain in her lip causes her nerves to jump like an electric shock.
	Luke wraps his arm around her waist, with his other hand around the lower half of her face. Luke kisses her crazily.
	She has clenched her teeth, and now the pain is heavy on the bar, so she has to let go of her teeth and lets him kiss.
	He withdraws from between her lips and teeth, but the next second he presses her hard against the window. The moon shines on her bright but flustered cheek, on her neck, and on her crumpled sports shirt.
	In order to balance her body, Jenny subconsciously holds on to the window glass. However, there is nothing else for her to pass through the smooth window. Her breath forms a mist on the window glass, and behind her, the man is abusing her wildly.
	She screams, writhing wildly as she tries to break out of his grip, “Let me go...”
	“You ought to know what I call a bargain!”
	The man’s chest presses hard against her back, with his left hand around her waist and his right hand around her shoulders to squeeze her entire chin and force her to turn around, “I will give you what you want.”
	“Luke, I hate you. Don’t touch me. Don’t touch me...”
	She screams, she struggles, and her head is full of shame and anger. She feels shameful because this man is trashing her like dirt at this moment.
	Looking at Jenny burst into tears, Luke seems to want to kill her. Luke looks like a ruthless killer. He takes Jenny back into his arms, and the hand that has held her chin is now around her neck.
	“How long do you think I can bear it?”
	There is an eerie silence in the air.
	For a moment, Jenny looks up at him as if she is dead, spitting out cold words,
	“Luke, I can’t take this deal. We have to get a divorce.”
	Only now does she realize the true nature of Luke, who is a ruthless and disagreeable business man. He is also a cold, possessive and dictatorial tyrant.
	Those who comply with me thrive and those who resist me perish.
	The strain on her neck shoots up, and she throws back her head with an irrepressible groan, slapping his firm shoulders with a hoarse struggle.
	Luke does not say a word. He squeezes his hand hard against her delicate neck, and his cold eyes passes over her like he is looking down on an insignificant ant.
	Jenny’s face gradually changes. Her original pale face gradually has a kind of strange red halo, then gradually the red halo turns into maroon, and even a trace of blue.
	The struggle becomes less, and she seems to have lost consciousness.
	A look of fear comes into Luke’s eyes...
	He gives up his grip and Jenny is lying in his arm.
	“Jenny...”
	In a daze, Jenny heard someone shouting her name.
	But she can see nothing but darkness before her eyes. After a long time she opens her eyes and see a large mouth facing her in the dim light.
Chapter 118 Blood Or Ketchup
	When she sees the bloody mouth, Jenny feels stunned, and there seemingly is something that suddenly hits her brain. She becomes sober immediately.
	“Oh, god...”
	The bloody big mouth also cries out at the same time.
	“Good lord, you scares me to death.”
	After seeing clearly the person with that mouth in front of her, Jenny trembles with anger and glares at her madly, “Victoria, can you stop being so scary at night?”
	At this moment, Victoria can be smelled alcohol, and the crimson lipstick on her mouth has smudged, which looks like blood. There is sticky red juice all over her body which she rubs against the bed. The whole picture is very scary.
	After a long sigh of relief, she hold Jenny’s shoulder,
	“You wake up finally. You really scare the heck out of me. I thought you were as drunk as I was and then went to sleep.
	Jenny is shocked, “am I drunk?”
	She suddenly recalls the picture before she fainted.
	She touches her neck subconsciously and still feels the feeling of suffocation, but now she is lying on the bed and just woke up, which turns the cruel pictures and conversations into a very real dream.
	Is it a dream?
	Victoria was killed by Luke in her dream.
	She grabs Victoria’s hands suddenly, and chokes out,
	“What happens with you? I thought you were dead.”
	“What? Don’t curse me...”
	Thinking of the previous picture, Jenny feels cold from the bottom of her feet and suddenly hugs Victoria and begins to cry.
	Victoria is shocked by her reaction. She puts her hands aside and doesn’t know what to do. She pats her back gently, “what happens?”
	“...”
	“Are you going to profess your love for me... Actually I prefer men...And those who are strong...”
	“...”
	“Stop crying. Or if you can try to build muscles, I can think about it...”
	Finding that she is saying something crazy, Jenny relaxes her hands and laughs out, “what are you thinking about? I am not homosexual.”
	“Thank god. You are normal finally. I’ve been scared by you.”
	Victoria shrinks her neck exaggeratedly and holds her arms with shudder.
	“What’s going on?” Jenny raises her hands to wipe her tears and looks at Victoria. It’s afraid that she’s the only one who knows what has happened.
	Victoria seeming doesn’t sober up. She touches her head in a daze. “After I came back home, I slept. After that I wanted to drink some water. When I got up to get water, I saw you lying on the sofa in the living room...I thought you were as drunk as I was. Oh, by the way, if I remember rightly, I opened the door for someone who was looking for you.”
	“Did you sleep?” Jenny is in a trance. Suddenly, she remembers the blood and yanked her to a side and lays down beside the bed. Unexpectedly, she sees a pool of “blood” beside the bed, but it doesn’t smell like blood.
	“What is this?”
	“Well...” Victoria laughs embarrassedly, “...It is ketchup. I was drunk, and I didn’t notice that it was knocked over. I stepped on it, so it is now everywhere.”
	Jenny’s face suddenly changes, which is as white as a paper.
	“Don’t worry, I’ll clean it up...”
	Seeing that Jenny’s face changes, Victoria believes that she is angry that she makes the house dirty, so she explains quickly.
	And that’s not what Jenny is talking about.
	So it’s not a dream.
	The sense of suffocation on her neck remaining reminds her that she almost died.
	The dispute between her and Luke was due to Adan. If she had not misunderstood what Luke had done to Victoria, it would not turn into such a situation.
	“Mm,don’t scare me. What’s wrong with you?”
	Victoria’s voice fades.
	She gets out of the bed, like a mechanical doll, and says lightly, “I want to take a bath. you can go to sleep now.”
	The sound of the water in the bathroom calms her down a little, but the bruises on her shoulder and the visible pinch marks on her neck reminds her that everything was real.
	She shrinks suddenly, as if having seen that pair of cold eyes in front of her again.
	Luke is not a philanthropist. How could she have been so naive at first?
	She thought that he could help her find out the truth of that year. They could get along with each other like an ordinary couple, and gradually have feelings, and mutual trust.
	He may have feelings for her, but such feelings can’t stand any test. Instead of calling it love, it’s just desire of possessiveness. If he knows that her purpose of approach him is actually to investigate the relationship between his family and the case of Jin’s Wine, what will happen?
	Can she bear the consequences?
	Will he consider about divorce?
	Thinking of that, she could not help burying her head into the water in the bathtub. She wants to shut her eyes and ears, and have peace for a moment.
	The next morning, Victoria comes out from her bedroom with her hands on her head. She is stunned when she sees Jenny, “you don't go to work today?”
	Jenny avoids eye contact with her and says, “I’ll go later.”
	Going to the company may encounter Luke. Although it is not very likely. Luke’s office is on the 10th floor, and the area for stars is usually from the first to the fifth floor.
	Victoria doesn’t seem to remember what has happened last night. She sits down with a piece of toast, puts peanut butter on it, then puts it in her mouth, and looks at Jenny, “when did you come back last night? I have no idea at all.”
	“In the middle of the night. Adan sent me back.”
	“What...” Victoria says with surprise, “what did I hear? Is Adan back?”
	“Don’t you know?” Jenny answers casually.
	“What the hell would I know? You guys hide going out for dinner from me. I need your guys to buy me two meals for compensation...”
	Victoria looks very angry, “how can you two kept it from me for two days. Did you go out with Adan the night before yesterday when you were not home?”
	Jenny is so tired now as she didn’t fall asleep all night. She doesn’t want to argue with her. After drinking milk, she carries her plate and goes to the kitchen, “clean up the ketchup in your room when you have time. Otherwise, it will attract mice and cockroaches.”
	“Why is me? I didn’t do it.”
	“Come on. You can’t remember is because you drunk too much.”
	“Don’t cheat me because I can’t remember anything. Why would I have anything to do with ketchup?”
	“Who knows what you were thinking about?”
	Having joked with Victoria, Jenny feels much better. After cleaning up the kitchen, she changes her clothes and prepares to go to the company.
	She is not ready to face Luke. Maybe he is the same.
	He misunderstood her first, but she doesn’t have much faith in him as well.
	Up to now, there is no way to figure out who is right and who is wrong.
Chapter 119 CEO Is In Canteen
	In the CEO office on the 10th floor of Jade Picture, Jake Williams, the director of financial department, just dejectedly comes out of the office with a statement. As soon as he goes out, he sees Karina White, the assistant, standing at the door. He scolds, “why are you still standing here? I’ve already told you to account early every month, and sort out the accounts as soon as possible. Fuck off now.”
	The assistant doesn’t know what to say after being scolded. Actually she is just an assistant, which means that her duty merely includes sorting out the information and notifying the news. She is extremely aggrieved at being scolded. She has just worked for about a year and is bashful. So she cries after that.
	Jake also thinks that he was too hard on her. He waves his hand distractedly, “Forget it. I’ll do it. Now go to the bathroom and wipe your tears before going back to work.”
	Karina stands sadly at the door of the CEO office, wiping her tears.
	Lilian hands a tissue to her, reminding her, “your makeup is messed up.”
	Karina looks up at Lilian and stops crying, “Jake scolded me for no reason. So I just can’t help to...”
	Lilian takes a meaningful look at the door of the office, “you are not the only one in the company. All the people who have been to this office today are in bad luck.”
	In this morning, beside the finance department, the heads of several departments and stars’ individual studios who came up to ask for funds were all scolded. None of them succeeded and left in disgrace. Some who wanted to take advantage of the opportunity to do something were fired.
	There are three interns who did odds and ends fired this morning.
	“Why?” Karina sobs and looks at Lilian feeling puzzled.
	“No one knows what the boss is thinking about.”
	Lilian puts a packet of tissues into Karina’s hand, turns back to her desk and writing email, as if everything has nothing to do with her.
	Inside the office, it is full of cold atmosphere.
	The man in a black suit sits at his desk, frowning, with a cold look in his eyes.
	He is not a patient man. He’s used almost all of George’s methods, but these methods still can’t let her open up to him.
	Even if he knows her well enough, including the accident about her family, her hard life in Melbourne in those three years, or her unclear relationship with the Yan in Hongkong, she still never takes the initiative to tell anything to him.
	What kind of person is he in her eyes?
	Last night, she even believes that he killed her friend.
	In her eyes, even if he is patient with her, he is still a cruel man who could not be trusted.
	The pen holder, paper and documents on the desk are swept to the ground, making a huge noise.
	When Lilian comes in, she is not surprised to see the mess. She stops, holding the document in her hands, and says “I’ll ask someone to clean it up now.”
	“What’s in your hand?”
	Luke’s voice interrupts her.
	“It’s the application materials of star’s individual studio.”
	In Jade Picture, there is originally a rule that as long as a star has gained two awards, he or she can apply for an individual studio. The whole studio works for only one star. The company is responsible for the operating expenses of the first three years, and then it is responsible for its own profits and losses after three years.
	After Luke Up Group acquired Jade Picture, the original application for a studio has been put aside to wait for the new system to be formulated. However, some stars seem to be impatient. They are afraid that the new system would go against their application for the studio, so they have submitted the application materials repeatedly now.
	Luke looks at the thick stack of fields in Lilian’s hands and says, “bring them to me, I’ll have a look.”
	Several times before, Luke asked her to send them back without checking them. Every time, Lilian simply takes these things to this office for finishing her work. Unexpectedly, he wants to check today, which surprises her.
	Wearing high heels, she steps over the messy things on the ground carefully. This pile of documents on the empty desk seems conspicuous.
	“Mr. Lu, take your time. I go out now. You can call me if you have any question.”
	“Mhm.”
	When Lilian goes to the door, she hears his voice behind her, “is there Jenny’s application?”
	“Ahem...”
	The intention of his question is too obvious. Lilian can’t help to coughs. She turns around and says, “Mr. Lu, Mrs. Lu hasn’t applied for it.”
	When hearing she says Mrs. Lu, Luke slightly frowns. He closes the document in his hand and looks up at Lilian, “don’t call her Mrs. Lu in the company. By the way, ask Shawn to hand in the application materials of Jenny’s studio.”
	Lilian is stunned. Thanks to the previous experience, she knows how to deal with the boss’s mood swings.
	“Got it, I will ask her now,” as soon as she is about to leave, she suddenly realizes that it should be discussed with the star. Then she turns around and asks, “shall I notify Jenny? According to the rule, she needs to fill in a form.”
	“I know.”
	Lilian is stunned.
	What does “I know” means? Shall I talk with Jenny or not?
	She hesitates for a moment and finally chooses not to do it herself.
	According to her knowledge towards her boss, it means that he would do it himself.
	In the gym of Jade Picture, those girls who came to the gym yesterday do not show up today. The gym looks quiet. There are only Jenny and Cecelia here. And those fitness coaches are not here neither.
	Cecelia soon gets bored without those fitness coaches to flirt with. It’s less than half past eleven, she pulls Jenny to the canteen to have lunch.
	“I am bored. Have you finished? Let’s go to dinner.”
	Jenny is pulled to the canteen by Cecelia, holding her cheek and looking at her diet meal. She rolls her eyes and says, “I will be limp if I eat this cabbage boiled in pure water.”
	Today she finally makes up her mind and decides to work out harder. Cecelia is definitely in her way.
	“You should have more. The result of the diet meal of the canteen is good. You will have diarrhea after having it, which can help you lose weight better than running 10000 meters on treadmill.”
	Cecelia is eating pork, but still persuades her to eat diet meal, which makes Jenny feel annoyed.
	“Why don’t we exchange.” Jenny takes Cecelia’s plate and says, “you can have my diet meal.”
	Cecelia’s face changes and seemingly wants to bury her head in the plate, holding her own plate tightly, “in your dream! if Shawn knows that I let you eat it, she will kill me!”
	“Why are you not afraid that I lie to Shawn that you force me to eat?”
	Jenny bites her fork and glares at Cecelia, as if she is staring at a dog robing her meat and bones.
	At this time, there is a sudden commotion in the canteen, and the noisy sound suddenly louder. Jenny hears that and suddenly feels nervous.
	“Mr. Lu comes to the canteen...”
Chapter 120 Jump From The 10th Floor
	Jenny raises her head and follows the eyesight of the chattering people looking at the entrance of the canteen. There is a dark shape coming towards her.
	Cecelia is still pointing at her with chopsticks and talking. Seeing that she looks strange, Cecelia turns around to have a look, and then she is too nervous to speak.
	“Is that Mr. Lu?”
	She turns her head and asks in a low voice, “Mr. Lu is sitting behind me! am I dreaming?”
	Jenny doesn’t answer, and her face is as pale as if she collapses.
	Cecelia waves hands in front of her, “hey, what is wrong with you? How could you be much nervous than I am? I thought that you have already known him.”
	She looks like owing others money and is asked to pay.
	Fearing with self blame and helplessness.
	She quickly lowers her head and pretends she doesn’t see anything.
	If it is yesterday, when she has lunch in the canteen and meets Luke, maybe she would blush and feel butterflies in her stomach. But after yesterday, her feelings for Luke, which was unclear and not deep enough, is broken into pieces, leaving only fear. Maybe when she calms down, all that remained is awe.
	Everyone tries his best to behave himself in the canteen today.
	No one dares to quarrel, gossip or provoke.
	In fact, there are very few stars coming to have a meal here. For a few of stars staying in the company, they would ask their assistants to take it upstairs to eat. Those who would like to have a meal in the canteen are basically ordinary employees of the company, such as assistants, brokers, accountants, personals of publicity, and so on.
	The reason why Jenny is here is because Cecelia wants to eat the meat here.
	So she doesn’t think Luke comes to the canteen because of her.
	Although she tries not to look up, she still could not help glancing at him. The staff of the canteen brings a salad to Luke. It seems that he has only ordered salad.
	Lillian’s position is facing Jenny, and she looks up at her with a meaningful look. The complexity in her sight is elusive.
	“What do you think Mr. Lu is here for?” Cecelia lowers her voice, like a breathing snake.
	Jenny now is worried. She is not in the mood to chat with Cecelia. So she can only shake her head as a response.
	“Do you get along well with Mr. Lu? Would you like to join in him and have a meal together?”
	“What?” Jenny doesn’t get it at first. When she understands, Cecelia has walked to the opposite table with her plate looking like a flatter. She bents down slightly and holds her black glasses with one hand, “hello, Mr. Lu. I’m Jenny’s assistant. My name is Cecelia.”
	Jenny grabs the flesh from her thigh, hoping to wake up from the nightmare with pain.
	Cecelia is such a psycho.
	But this way, except bring her a spasmodic pain in her thigh, does not bring her any help.
	Cecelia asks, “can we sit here?” After that, Jenny feels that her is suffering under the sharp eyes of everyone in the canteen people.
	“Go ahead.”
	It is Lillian.
	Jenny takes the plate and tries to leave while Cecelia is courting, but as soon as she gets up, Cecelia pulls her and she sits down on the opposite chair.
	Right next to Luke.
	She can smells his unique smell clearly.
	Jenny leans her palm against her forehead and lowers her head, hoping to dives into a hole in the ground.
	If there is a selection of weak teammates, she thinks Victoria would be the second, and the winner is Cecelia. Both of them are insane, and they never observe the situation.
	At the moment, Jenny feels like she is sitting on the fire. She couldn’t sit still. After waiting for two minutes, she couldn’t stand it,
	“well, Mr. Lu, Lillian, I’ve finished. Take your time. I have to go to the gym now.”
	“Me too. Let’s go.”
	It’s Luke.
	Cecelia looks at the pork in her bowl, hesitates for a moment,grits her teeth, and doesn’t follow them.
	And Jenny who has already stood up, is suddenly stiff.
	Luke is standing up and waiting for her.
	Lillian looks at them, gets up and takes the plate from Jenny’s hand, “Miss Jin, you can go with Mr. Lu directly. I’ll handle it.”
	In the canteen, some are directly looking at them, and the rest are peeping.
	She has the feeling of being pricked by a needle with every step.
	Jenny, with her head down, follows Luke like a prisoner waiting for torture.
	All the way through the landscape area between the canteen and the main building, and walking to the elevator entrance, they are watched like giant pandas. One says, “Mr. Lu, you go first.”
	The staff give way and leaves only Luke and Jenny in the elevator.
	After entering the elevator, Jenny wants to go to the gym on the third floor, so she presses the button of the third floor, and helps Luke to press the tenth floor, and then stands still without saying anything.
	When the elevator is approaching the third floor, the orange button of the third floor suddenly flickers twice, and then directly turns to gray. After that it directly skips the third floor and goes up to the tenth floor.
	She exclaims in surprise and turns to look at Luke.
	Luke’s hand is just coming back from the disabled elevator button and slowly backs into his pocket as if he has done nothing.
	Jenny grits her teeth and turns her head without asking why.
	If it’s because of last night, and he wants to revenge, then this punishment is nothing. At worst, she could go down again when she gets to the 10th floor. If she is not allowed to take the elevator and gets physical punishment, then she will walk down the stairs from the 10th floor.
	Luke gets out of the elevator first. Jenny lowers her head until she is sure that he is totally out. She quickly presses the closing button and finally dares to look up at him.
	However when the elevator door slowly closes, a hand stops it by placing in the middle of the doors. His hand places on the elevator door, and he slightly bents down to look at her, spits out two words coldly, “come out.”
	The warm breath of him spreads on her forehead, but makes her feel cold.
	She hesitates, clenches her fingers, and walks out of the elevator.
	Next to the elevator is the stairs. In fact, it is not so difficult to walk down from the 10th floor to the 3rd floor.
	She sighs and walks slowly towards the stairs.
	“Where are you going?”
	There is a cold voice behind her.
	She looks back in surprise and asks carefully, “because you don’t want me to take the elevator, I thought that you want me to walk down from the tenth floor.”
Chapter 121 Have a baby with me
	Luke looks at her coldly, as if he is looking at a moron. He just glances contemptuously at her and looks at the office.
	Jenny follows his sight and sees the window in Lilian’s transparent-glass office which is opposite the president's office. Her face suddenly changes, “Mr. Lu, if I jump down from the 10th floor, I will die.”
	Luke’s mouth twitches slightly, and takes a deep breath. He grabs Jenny’s arm and pulls her directly toward the office.
	Jenny is stunned and then struggles, “oh, I’m wrong. I shouldn’t cheat you, but you can’t kill me because of this. Mr. Lu I don’t want to die. I’m still so young...”
	With the sound of closing the door, the world becomes silent.
	The strength of her arm loosens. She falls on the soft sofa, then slowly opens her eyes and looks around in surprise.
	This is not the warm place like the office of Lilian, and it is not a window to kill anyone. If she guesses right, it’s the CEO office.
	It is the CEO office that Jade Picture specially redecorated for Luke.
	“Am I a cool killer in your eyes?”
	Luke’s cold voice rings out in the huge office, which makes her feel stunned. She sits down on the sofa in a hurry. Thinking of her stupid behavior and remark, she wants to find a hold to hide.
	Gripping her teeth for a moment, she murmurs,
	“I apologize for last night...”
	Luke takes two bottles of water from the refrigerator and puts one on the table, “drink some water.”
	Jenny is stunned and looks up at Luke’s face. She can’t figure out what he thinks.
	“Are you still angry about what happened last night?”
	“What? So has your drunken friend told you that I didn’t kill her?”
	He says ironically, which makes her feel embarrassed.
	“Victoria drank too much. I have misunderstood you. And I apologize. I’m really sorry.”
	“Really? You said that you want to divorce last night.”
	Divorce... Jenny’s heart sinks.
	She doesn’t want to divorce.
	No matter whether Luke has feelings for her or not, from the perspective of investigation, divorce is definitely not a wise choice,
	Seeing her hesitation, a satisfied look flashes in the his eyes.
	Jenny clasps her hands together and lowers her head. She doesn’t know what to say.
	Maybe for her, it is very unwise to talk about affection with Luke at the beginning, which also greatly reduces her efficiency in preparing for investigation.
	If there is affection between them, then there are more concerns.
	“I don’t want to hear divorce in the future. I don’t like it.”
	Luke says it, gets up, goes to the bookshelf, pulls out the blue folder, and then turns to the table and throws the blue folder in front of her.
	Jenny looks up at him, then looks down at the folder, “What’s this?”
	“A supplementary prenup.”
	“What about the previous one?”
	“It still works, and I need to add my third demand that I didn’t make at that time.”
	Luke interrupts, looking serious, as if he is dealing with an important ceremony.
	At the beginning, Jenny makes three demands including respecting her career, concealing their marriage, and meeting his parents.
	The first demand proposed by Luke is sleeping in the same room, and the second one is sleeping in the same room but doing nothing.
	What about the third one?
	Opening the folder, she sees the salutation of Party A and Party B. There are three rules. Jenny’s three demands are not deleted, and Luke adds the third one.
	Give him a baby.
	“What?”
	“In addition to the third additional demand, there are various kinds of protection and rights, such as the right to share property with me after marriage, and direct access to the general real estate of mine...”
	“Wait, you want me to give you a baby?”
	Jenny interrupts Luke. She can’t believe what she just saw.
	It is written clearly. She doesn’t make a mistake.
	“Since you regard our marriage as a deal, it’s better to make it clear that whatever you need, if you can follow these terms, I would promise you.”
	Luke doesn’t forget Jenny's words before. She said that their marriage is simply a deal. However, she didn’t tell him what she wanted.
	Jenny grits her teeth, as if she is suffering a cold pouring from her head to her feet.
	What does he regard her as?
	“You don’t know what I want.”
	“No matter what it is, money or status, power or glory, as long as you sign it, you can get it.”
	Jenny looks up at the cold eyes, as if he is a delicate statue, but also as ruthless as the statue.
	In his eyes, she is a woman who pursues money and status?
	“What do you want? Just a child?”
	There are so many women in X City. Why is her?
	“You need a marriage with me to achieve what you don’t want to tell me now, and I need a child to make grandma happy. That’s all.”
	“But all you want at first is simply marriage, it is not fair.”
	It was agreed at the beginning, but now he adds another demand. It sounds unfair.
	Luke sneers. His legs fold, upper body leans against the back of the sofa, looks at Jenny’s eyes and says coldly,
	“But at first there is no paper. Now you can’t get anything if divorce. Do you think it’s fair?”
	She looks into Luke’s eyes for a long time. Her nails are almost embedded in her flesh. At last, she pretends to be careless, bows her head and signs the contract.
	Luke is a businessman. And she has nothing. At first, she believed that he is trustworthy and agreed to his request of marriage. Now she seems to have sold herself and help him count money.
	The contract is signed on paper, with each party having one copy.
	“And what is this?”
	Jenny looks at another folder that Luke hands over.
	“Deposit.”
	Luke says it unconcernedly, and then walks back to the bookcase with the signed agreement. His back looks cold.
	Jenny frowns, opens the document, and finds a line of words, “application form for the establishment of a personal studio.”
	It has been signed. As long as she fills in the form, she can apply for funds and manpower with the financial department to set up her own studio.
	It is a goal for all the artists in Jade Picture .
	So far, even Jessica doesn’t receive the approval of her personal studio. She knows more about what this form means than anyone else.
	Giving him a child can get so many resources. No matter who hears it will not feel that she loses.
	As she walks out of the office with that agreement, her steps are heavier than ever.
	The last time the sense of humiliation appeared when Frankie and Jessica were found to be having an affair.
Chapter 122 The Meticulous Transaction
	Her marriage ultimately is nothing more than a meticulous business transaction.
	Standing in the elevator, she is thinking about all the things she knows about Luke.
	Originally she thought that she could slowly get along with this man and they would develop affection for each other after being together for a long time and form a happy family, but now it seems this was just wishful thinking.
	Perhaps what Michael said is right.
	Luke is an indifferent and cold person who has no sentiment towards anything. There are only a few people and things that he will have affection for, however I am not one of these things.
	If grandma liked another woman, I fear he would have already given up on himself long ago.
	Returning to the gym, Cecelia sees her looking unusual and spaced out, so at once she is full of curiosity, holds Jenny’s hand and says, “What did Mr. Lu say to you? Why did it take you so long to come back?”
	Jenny looks up, stares at Cecelia for a short moment while resisting the urge to smile, and passes the individual studio application form to her.
	“What is this?” Cecelia opens the document, and looks at Jenny in disbelief, “This isn’t…”
	However Jenny feigns an appearance of as if she doesn’t hear anything, and directly gets on the running machine, sets a journey of 10,000 meters, and then puts on her earphones so all the sounds of the outside world are cut off.
	She needs to empty her head and take a break from everything.
	Cecelia however does not notice her mood swings; she just feels she is extremely happy, so excitedly takes the application form and gives Shawn a call.
	At this moment, Shawn is walking down the corridor of the city hospital holding a thick envelope; her whole body is in black, wearing black trainers, black trousers, a black down jacket and long jet black hair which is tied into a ponytail, giving her both an intimidating and professional appearance.
	“Is Michal there?” She knocks on the door a few times unceremoniously, and then sees the assistant on the drawing room sofa using his mobile phone.
	Michael’s assistant stares blankly, and after seeing who the visitor is gives a scornful smile, he even ignores the common courtesy of standing up for a guest, and sluggishly returns her gaze and then says, “Shawn, what’s the matter? We don’t really seem to welcome you here.”
	“I have come here to see Michael.”
	“Michael is not feeling well, so has gone to rest for a while, and regarding the matter about Elizabeth there is nothing to discuss, so please leave.”
	“If there is anything to discuss or not, what right do you have to talk to me in this way, you’re just a henchman…”
	Shawn shoots him a cold glance, and walks straight in the direction of the bedroom.
	“What did you just say? You crazy…”
	The assistant springs up from the sofa, but Shawn has already opened the bedroom door, alarming Michael who is inside the room reading a book.
	“What’s going on? Who let you come in?”
	Michael frowns and coldly sizes her up.
	The assistant quickly reaches the door, his face in alarm, “Sir, I made her leave.”
	Not waiting for him to finish speaking, Shawn turns around and looks at him, then the door locks with a sound, and no matter how much the assistant outside knocks on the door it was of no use.
	“I warn you, if you dare lay one finger on Michael, I will sue you until you go bankrupt.”
	Shawn shoots a cold glance at the shaking door, and then turns her body towards Michael who is still calmly sitting on the bed.
	“You should know why I came.”
	Michael closes the book and looks directly at Shawn for the first time.
	“You should also know why I refuse to cooperate with Elizabeth.”
	“Because of Jenny?’
	“Don’t be silly,” Michael sneers, “Since this being the case, and you’ve come to find me now, is it because you have already made a deal with her? Did she agree to apologize to me in front of the media and agree to my request?"
	“No.”
	Shawn clenches the envelope in her hand, pursing her lips with a serious expression.
	“Then you must leave, I have nothing more to say to you.” Michael picks up the book at hand again and turns to the page he hadn't finished reading just now.
	A stiff atmosphere spreads among the air.
	Shawn’s brow furrows deeper and deeper, she opens the envelope in her hand and takes out a thick stack of banknotes from it, all of which are green, and the words ten yuan can be seen between her fingers.
	Then a second later, a rain of green banknotes fall from the sky, splashing all over the room, and along with the sound of her fury, it seems like a war is on the verge of breaking out.
	“Michael, with your professional standards and broad mindedness, you are able to have a good reputation in the industry. There really is no one else in the entertainment circle! This is your medical expenses. I will pay for them, so from now on we will not owe each other anymore."
	Michael is in shock. He looks at the rain of banknotes in the air, and then looks at the green banknotes falling from his shoulders onto both his quilt and on the book, his whole body is stiff.
	“You…”
	Shawn who is still burning with rage, coldly censures him, the expression in her eyes is as if she is looking at a heinous pervert.
	“I don’t care what the purpose is and from where your grudge against Jenny came from, I will tell you now, if you want to use the artists of mine to embarrass other people then there is no way, and the matters regarding Elizabeth I will not beg you about anymore, you should have put this matter to rest long ago, you moron.”
	The sound of the door closing makes the whole room tremble.
	The assistant stumbles into the room, looks at the green banknotes all over the floor, while the corners of his mouth tremble uncontrollably.
	“Michael…”
	Michael is sitting on the bed with a petrified and motionless appearance, looking at the empty doorway, as if his soul had been taken away from the person who had just left.
	The assistant says frightened, “Michael, don’t scare me, I will report this to the police, and make the police take away this crazy woman…”
	The assistant is making the phone call, while Michael grabs his phone and frowns, “I did not notice the room became so messy, first find someone to clean up the room, and then help me sort out the necessary requirements in order to be discharged from the hospital.”
	The assistant nods his head, and is about to leave the room to find someone to clean it, when suddenly he reacts to what Michael has just said, is stunned and says, “Leave the hospital? Michael, you want to leave the hospital?”
	Michael looks at his assistant as if he’s an idiot and impatiently says, “Do you not understand English? Help me get discharged from the hospital.”
	“The matter relating to Shawn… you want to report her to the police?”
	As soon as the assistant’s voice falls, a flying book smashes him on the head, leaving him standing there both confused and covering his head, “Michael…”
	“Report what exactly? Go and check for me Shawn’s background information, and all the artist’s that she looks after.”
	“Why?”
	“If I ask you to do something then you go do it, why are you still going on?”
	“Yes, yes, ok…”
	The assistant hurriedly leaves the room while holding in his arms the book that had just hit him.
	Michael really did just collapse into a rage of anger by that crazy woman, after he is discharged from the hospital this time, he will investigate the people in her hands, and then could it be possible to get revenge on them one by one?
	After the assistant leaves, Michael gets off the bed, crouches down on the floor, picks up from the ground two of the green bank notes, and thinks back to the scene just now; suddenly the corners of his mouth rise upwards and reveals a very meaningful look.
	This agent Shawn really is very interesting; she dares to say he has no professionalism and absolutely no ability to judge people? She also dares to shed all pretence of cordiality with him for a small artist; she really is very bold.
	He wishes to see, is it that she just possesses great courage or does she actually have the capability and skill to do what she intends to do.
Chapter 123 The Uncertainty of the birth
	Xicheng Maternity Hospital, specialist department.
	Jessica takes off her burdensome black sunglasses, scarf and mask and then hands the laboratory test results to the doctor.
	The doctor who has been treating her is quite old and has a lot of white hair on his sideburns. He is wearing a pair of delicate and exquisite glasses and stares at the test sheet for a while, then shakes his head and sighs.
	Upon seeing this, Jessica begins to worry and asks, “Doctor, these last two days I have paid lots of attention in ensuring I take adequate rest, have you pushed back the announcement, or is there still no hope?”
	The doctor takes off his glasses and shakes his head,
	"I looked at the results of the ultrasound, and I also checked the results of these tests. The results are similar to those of the last test, but even worse. I asked an expert in the hospital for consultation and we both unanimously recommend that we need to induce labour. This baby cannot remain inside of you, if the baby remains inside the womb and becomes a stillbirth, then the harm to your body will be irreversible.”
	Jessica’s face turns pale instantly, she then stands up abruptly, and says anxiously,
	“Doctor, is there really no other way? This child is very important to me; no matter if I need to take medicine or remain in the hospital; I’m willing to spend any money necessary…”
	“This isn’t a question of money… Miss, I advise you to take our recommendation into consideration.”
	Jessica’s legs soften, and she slowly slumps down on the chair while supporting herself with the corner of the table, her whole body seems to have been drained of a soul, and she is not able to recover for a long time.
	The doctor frowns and says, “You are still young, but I’m afraid there is no hope for your child, so from now on look after yourself well and then it will be possible for you to have another one in the future.”
	A long time passes when she looks up at the doctor and says, “Doctor, please do not tell my husband about this, ok?”
	The doctor hesitates for a short time, “I feel it is necessary you discuss this matter with him…”
	“This is the first child with my husband, I fear he will be unable to bear this, so I think it’s better to wait a bit, I will tell him, so I hope for now you can help me keep it a secret.”
	She is not able to let Frankie know about this, ever since the scandal between Jenny and Luke was exposed, she noticed that Frankie had become more and strange and odd, as if he was not able to accept the reality of this fact, it’s been a few times already where she discovered that Frankie was secretly arranging to meet Jenny in private.
	She is unable to let the happiness she has acquired be destroyed by this child.
	At least not until she has obtained the marriage certificate with him.
	A silver bank card is slowly being pushed onto the side of the test sheet. The doctor panics and glances at the door subconsciously, "What are you doing, take it away quickly..."
	“This is just me showing you how appreciative I am of you, the whole time I have been pregnant you have been looking after me, I feel very grateful for this, and therefore I wanted to repay you long ago, so please accept this.”
	Jessica pushes the card with a polite smile on her face which no one is able to refuse.
	The doctor frowns, and says with a sense of righteousness, “Jessica, doctors are all kind-hearted, we treat all patients equally, what you are doing is making me…”
	“There is 200,000 on this card and there is no pin…”
	Jessica’s words shock the doctor.
	“I heard that you recently found a match for your daughter’s heart, and now are preparing for surgery. This is just a small gift, so please do not refuse.”
	“You…”
	The doctor’s face is tense and stiff, however unable to say anything.
	He has practiced medicine for decades and has never accepted a bribe; however the heavens seem to be unwilling to look after an honest and sincere person like himself. His daughter has congenital heart disease and the expensive hospital and medicine fees have broken and left the family poor, it took a long time for a match to be found for her heart, however now the cost of the surgery has put him into a difficult predicament once more.
	This 200,000 is enough to save his daughter’s life.
	“Ok, doctor, I don’t need you to disregard your conscience to help me do this, I just need you to say a few good things about the current situation of our child when he asks.”
	Saying what she wants him to say, will go against his decades of hard work.
	Frankie is waiting outside the door when Jessica goes out.
	“Doctor, how is the baby doing?”
	Although there have been a lot of upsetting things that have happened recently he has always wanted a child. This child is now his greatest hope and the thing that his whole family desires more than anything.
	The doctor’s gaze is somewhat imperceptible, and he pushes his glasses unnaturally, "Sir, Jessica and the baby are both fine, but Jessica is extremely exhausted. You must pay more attention to her rest, the critical period has passed and now, and as long as she experiences no rough collisions then everything will be ok.”
	“Alright, thank you.”
	Frankie smiles, turns around to support Jessica and stretches out his hand to touch her stomach gently, "Did you hear that little guy? The doctor says you are very strong!"
	“The baby is still so young, how is the baby able to hear you.” Jessica’s expression is a little unnatural.
	“Of course the baby is able to hear me, prenatal education is very important.” Frankie supports her shoulders, and takes her bag from her hands, “These next few days do not go back to the workplace, take a good rest at home and do not go anywhere.”
	“But I haven’t tried on the wedding dress yet!” Jessica frowns, “The doctor is talking nonsense, don’t listen to him. I’m not in weak condition, I can still go outside, and I want to eat dinner with you every evening.”
	“I made the owner of the wedding dress shop send the dress to the house, I will return earlier tonight, so you don’t need to come to the firm.”
	“Really?”
	“Yes.”
	Jessica touches her stomach, lowers her head and gives an agonised smile, her voice a little intricate, “Frankie, you really are so good to me.”
	“You are the mother of the child, why would I not be good to you.”
	Jessica raises her head; her gaze falls onto the side of Frankie’s face, his expression recently has been one of a rare gentleness that she hasn’t seen in a long time.
	She really does not want to spoil this atmosphere, therefore she must hold tightly onto the baby inside her stomach.
	…
	A few days after signing the so-called pre-marital supplementary agreement with Luke, Jenny has been living in her small apartment. Luke did not intend for her to move back there, the grandmother also made several calls to urge her to go back, however she declined using the excuse of being busy with work.
	In this situation, both parties need to stay calm and alone for two days, she still hasn’t thought about what kind of attitude she should have facing such a brand new kind of relationship.
	At 8:30 on Friday evening, the show released its first season, the ratings of this show overcame the variety show that had always occupied the top spot and became number one, after all it had the power of the well-known female movie stars taking part, in addition the people involved with the show and the video clips from the variety show also occupied first place on this list for a whole week.
	However this week, Shawn uninstalls all the social media software on Jenny’s phone and directly confiscates her phone.
	“Are the people on the internet crazy? And the people involved with the programme, you and Michael who have never been in contact with one another, how were they able to edit him into CP?
	Victoria cannot resist smashing the tablet in her hands, while her shoulders shake in anger.
	Jenny leans back on the sofa and shrugs, "It was agreed upon when signing the contract. No matter what kind of editing the programme group do, we can't interfere. Michael has too many fans, and even if it wasn’t me, any female artist and her partners would be scolded."
	“My god, why does this paragraph talk about Michael’s gentle and tender fondness of woman, and to include you, that time in the swimming competition when you became the champion of the whole school…”
	“…”
	“God, these lunatics…”
Chapter 124 Parents' Attitude
	Compared to Victoria's indignation, Jenny herself seems way calmer.
	Before going live, Shawn has warned her that whatever she would do or say in the show would be taken very seriously and that she has to be extremely careful. She thinks she has been very careful, he was unable to escape from Michael's clutches, as he is a cunning fox.
	The part where she sit on Michael’s back for push-ups became viral on blog for several days. The comments are filled with hatred, criticizing her laugh, and some even blame her for injuring Michael forcing him to stay in hospital.
	Gossip spreads like wildfire.
	Fortunately, the company and the program team issues a statement together. Moreover, whether Michael regains mental sanity or something like that, he clarifies the facts on blog himself, saying that he has been discharged from the hospital and the hospitalization is caused by Pneumonia, colds and flu. It has nothing to do with the program team nor the show.
	This matter finally fades away after few heated days.
	Meanwhile in the far Beijing's military district compound, in a small red bungalow, Tracy sit on the sofa watching TV and frowning at the actress.
	"Luke is after this girl? Seriously?"
	Mike replies from the side, following Tracy's gaze and glancing at the TV. The rumored young girl is sitting on the back of a strange man and counts the number of push-ups the man had done while the crowd cheers.
	Tracy clearly sounds unhappy.
	"Luke has always been a child with his own mind. What is sending him astray this time? Why he is after a nobody from the entertainment industry?"
	"Madam, Luke should make up his own mind."
	"If he is smart, he should listen to me and marry Sky. I followed her growth since childhood and her status is simply perfect. Isn't she more suitable to us than this little extravagant artist?"
	As she was speaking, a familiar noise makes Mike whispers, "Madam, The master is back."
	Tracy immediately gets up from the couch and run to the door, "You are back."
	Alex glances at her and says lightly, "Yeah."
	"I need to talk to you..."
	"I don’t have time today, I am late for a meeting already."
	"Meetings, meetings always meetings... I have been asking for days, is about Luke..."
	Alex glares at her disappointed, "That is how I pay for everything you enjoy, nothing you need to tell me can be more important than my job..."
	"So your work is more important than me? Besides that, it is not about me, it is about Luke, don't you care? Do you want to give up on Luke’s marriage?"
	While talking, Alex takes off his coat, hesitates for a moment, and slowly hands over it to the butler, his impatient expression diminishes a little, "What about it, I already settled it with that Song girl."
	"As I thought. I also mentioned this to Sky Song's parents, but they said that your mother already reimbursed everything and canceled the wedding."
	Alex is not into his son’s life that much to know everything about his relationships. From the bottom of his heart, he feels a little guilty for his son. Even if he wants to make up for it, his son refuses to be helped. He left the army when he was ten and rarely comes back.
	He thinks that his son pretty much likes Sky Song, after all, he treats that girl differently than the other girls.
	"Can we talk about it? Are you really going to abandon Luke? He is about to marry a woman we never seen before, did you know?"
	"What?" Alex petrifies on the spot, stunned at the word marriage, turns his head and looks at Tracy in surprise.
	"Luke is marrying who again?"
	She points to Jenny's face on the TV, with her brows frowned.
	The TV show is a feature film. it shows a bunch of people running to Jenny's room to scare her but they do not find anyone as she is walking in the hallway holding two cups of instant noodles.
	"Is she an artist?" Alex looks indolent, as if he doesn't care. "The girl is gorgeous and Luke has a good taste. It's not a big deal. We also have art soldiers in our military area and they are engaged in art work. Enough with all this prejudices already. "
	"Is it not a big deal? Then I will show you what's wrong, Mike, rewind that and show him what we just watched please."
	Tracy wants to show her husband the video of Jenny sitting on the back of a man doing push-ups.
	Alex stops Mike, pointing out that he does not need to see anything. "Luke is a grown mind and can make up his mind, is none of your business. Didn't you worry that he didn't want to get married before? Now that he plans to get married, you don't like the girl. It is not your life, get a
	grip.”
	Tracy wants to say something, but is interrupted by Alex, "I will not intervene, and you better stand down too. You know Luke’s attitude best. I have something to do. I am going upstairs. Don’t disturb me before ten o’clock."
	"Hey…"
	Seeing her husband's indifferent back, Tracy frowned and looked at the screen on the TV, that is not the kind of daughter-in-law she wants to have.
	"Mike, get me a plane ticket. I'm going to Xicheng tomorrow."
	"Do you wish Luke to be notified to pick you up at the airport?"
	"No, don't notify anyone."
	Luke Lu is not working at Emerald Pictures at the moment. There is a new trend on Luke Up Group. He moved back to the headquarters of Luke Up Group. On the day Lilian packed up and moved away, many young artists in the company sighs that they have not seen the big boss a lot, now they won’t see him at all.
	In the gym of Jade Pictures, Shawn shows Jenny the script.
	"You are going to have few lines to recite. This comforter will take care of your skin while you sleep so there will be no need to use Photoshop. You are going to be more beautiful than ever!"
	Jenny takes the script and reads it twice, then nod, "Okay, I understand."
	"You have lost a lot of weight, keep it up."
	"Thank you Shawn."
	As her own efforts have yielded results, Jenny smiles, but when she looks over Shawn towards the entrance to the gym, she is petrified with fear.
	Shawn frowns, follows her gaze and turns to take a look, "Elizabeth, what are you doing here?"
	The actress Elizabeth, who lost everything because of Michael, is standing in front of the gym door.
	Jenny remembers the slap received from her in front of everyone, and her head is about to explode.
	It happened long time ago, what does she want now?
	Shawn immediately jumps in front of Jenny to protect her, "Elizabeth, how many times have I told you that Jenny has nothing to do with what happened to you. You shouldn’t listen to Michael’s provocation. If you dare to go one step further, you will regret it."
	"Shawn, it is my fault, I'm not... I'm not here to make trouble, I'm here to apologize to Jenny."
Chapter 125 Fake Sisterhood
	Elizabeth's words shock everyone in the gym.
	Even Cecelia, who is drinking water, gets choked and coughs nonstop.
	Everyone in Jade Pictures knows that Elizabeth’s script has been cut off because Jenny offended Michael. Elizabeth's slap was so loud it still echoes within the company walls.
	"Michael's assistant came to me, saying that he has a bad feeling about me because he heard some rumors, that is why he does not want to partner with me. I blamed for nothing"
	"What?"
	Jenny's eyes widens as she cannot believe what she is hearing.
	Shawn also looks astonished, and he hesitates to ask, "You are saying Michael's assistant came to apologize to you, so everything is back to normal?"
	"Yeah." Elizabeth nods innocently. "So I come to apologize to Jenny. What happened last time was my mistake. I would accept any punishment."
	Shawn seem lost, still speechless.
	Jenny looks at Elizabeth's sincere look from behind Shawn’s back, embarrassed enough not to show herself completely. She cracks a smile, even worse than a cry, and waves her hand, "Forget it, it is what it is. Elizabeth, please next time make sure of the facts before going around slapping people."
	Jenny still feels pain thinking of that slap.
	"I know... I have been too impulsive, forgive me Jenny, if you ever need any help in the future, I will definitely be there for you..."
	Such an apology doesn't sound very sincere, but it pierces right through the heart.
	Jenny feels awkward not knowing what to say, but Shawn, after a while, suddenly acts, frowning and asking, "Elizabeth, why are you really here?"
	According to what she knows about Elizabeth, if this thing is really that simple and Michael's has given the role back to her, she would never apologize to Jenny. The competitive relationship between the company’s female artists is a real struggle, even if they have the same manager. Sometimes if they can stand each other presence is a real achievement.
	If a misunderstanding is cleared properly, there is no need for apologies.
	So Elizabeth's appearance is really suspicious and her face shows that Shawn is right.
	Elizabeth stands by the door and twists her tongue several times before letting it all put with a stiff face, "Nothing can be hidden to you eh Shawn? Michael said that I had to apology and invited you for dinner on his behalf, will you be able to attend?"
	"Dinner with him?" Shouted Shawn, "Who the hell he thinks he is? No way."
	Jenny trembles all over, and is scared by Shawn's grumpy appearance.
	What kind of hatred does he have with Michael? Why did he have such a big reaction for just a supper?
	Elizabeth obviously did not expect Shawn to react so much. She hesitates for a long time, "Shawn, it's just a dinner..."
	Shawn frowns and takes a deep breath, then walks toward Elizabeth, "Elizabeth, listen to me, this movie belongs to Michael and choosing the actors is his job, I will be fine with you or any other actress. Do not get me involved, okay?"
	"But Shawn... this is my first leading part in five years... I beg you..."
	Elizabeth obviously does not intend to give up this opportunity easily.
	Shawn muses for a long time, and finally agrees to think about it and persuades Elizabeth to leave.
	Working hours are way paste so the gym is almost empty. Shawn sits on one of the benches with a thoughtful look and sips water.
	Cecelia elbows Jenny and whispers, "Hey, what is going on with Shawn today?"
	"Haven't you heard? Elizabeth just invited Shawn for a dinner with Michael."
	"Isn't that a good thing?"
	"You really know nothing of Michael?” Jenny gives Cecelia a blank look. "Nothing good come out from that man, he is crazy and violent. If Shawn gets trapped he will be ruined for good."
	"Frightening! Why doesn’t he go with bodyguards, we have them here in the company."
	Jenny glances at Cecelia again, slurps twice, and cackles at Cecelia for being so naive. "Shawn is a Taekwondo black belt 9th Dan. No one in the security department can protect him, they probably would be in the way, if that is the case."
	"Then what are you worried about?" Cecelia is puzzled.
	"I'm worried," Jenny thinks for a while, "I'm worried that he kills Michael Song..."
	While talking, Shawn suddenly bounces from bench, as if he made his mind up, cracks his fingers, takes his backpack and strides towards the door, saying to Jenny, "Jenny, you go home. Remember to eat little for dinner. Cecelia, you come with me."
	"Hey... Shawn, where are you taking me?"
	Cecelia cries while she is dragged away.
	Jenny stares at the door with her arms folded for a long time, thinking about the aggressive look on Shawn's face just now when he left. She hopes blood won’t be served for dinner tonight.
	Thinking it might actually happen, she suddenly smiles, feeling a little weird.
	Wouldn't Michael fall in love with Shawn?
	On the way home in the evening, Jenny meets Jessica Vogt. Jessica’s belly was already showing signs of growth, and to make sure everyone understands she walks with her hands wrapped around it to show a maternal instinct. Seeing Jenny walking by, Jessica deliberately says the word "Frankie" extremely loudly and lovely.
	As usual, a group of reporters gather around the door, flashing continuously their cameras.
	Anyway, they have announced their marriage, and in order to protect Jessica’s reputation, they said that they were actually engaged a year ago, so even if Jessica is pregnant now, the medias can only give her blessings.
	Jenny originally wanted to avoid reporters, but she just got off work and is very tired. She could not escape from them. They hunt her like birds of prey and force her to answer their questions. She also gives her blessings to the so-called best friend Jessica.
	When the reporter asked if she would like to do a duo with Jessica on the show, she could only be polite and say that she would heed to the management words and the program group.
	Jessica loves to show how friendly she is and love to be called friend by the VIPs. Jenny, contrary to her, cannot really stand those things.
	The day after the reporter's interview, Jenny is awakened by Shawn’s phone call.
	There is another ongoing war on the social platforms. The reason this time is that Jenny rolled her eyes towards the camera during the interview, and it has been interpreted as a fake sisterhood with Jessica, and slander rages on.
	Although this is true, Jenny feels betrayed. She was not rolling her eyes, she was just looking at the clock on the wall above the cameras.
	No one will believe that obviously, people on the internet thrive on dramas and Jenny is the perfect victim. On the day the new got viral, she sends out a bald and offensive statement on blog.
	"Time reveals people for what they really are."
Chapter 126 Nude scene
	Originally it’s simply a normal interview, but currently it has evolved to become top story for several days.
	On the shooting day for Comforters Soap commercial, Shawn stays together with Jenny in the dressing room, having a discussion about the recent happening.
	“After going through an internal discussion, our company replies that this is really a sticky business, even if both of you take the initiative to post your group photos on social media, in the end you’re still going to catch it.”
	“It doesn’t matter to me.” Jenny frowns, trying hard to put on a brave front on.
	“You have to rely on your fans and the audience to survive, say that you don’t care about them again if you dare!”
	The voice of Shawn takes on a more serious tone.
	Suddenly, the atmosphere of the dressing room grows tense.
	After putting some essential oil on the hair of Jenny, the makeup artist leaves the room sensibly.
	“Our set-up will be ready after ten minutes, the brand ambassador can come out in ten minutes and get ready for shooting.”
	Jenny hitches up the bath towel wrapped around her breast, and for a moment she can’t find any word to say.
	Actually, she’s a little nervous, this is not her first time to act in films or shoot for commercials, but this is her first time to shoot a nude scene. Even though only her back will be recorded, but she is not wearing any clothes now except that her nipples are simply covered by the pasties.
	Shawn looks at Jenny in the mirror, breathing a sigh with helplessness. She pats Jenny on the shoulder gently. “Don’t be nervous, the spot will be cleared up by the time we start filming and it’s just the director and me. So, you’re just required to memorize your lines and do your best, don’t worry that you will be suffering a wardrobe malfunction.”
	Jenny nods, regarding the fans matter mentioned by Shawn just now, even though she doesn’t say anything, but she has realized that her attitude is wrong, inwardly she feels ashamed of herself.
	It occurs to Jenny that Shawn seemed to have something to tell her just now, then she asks, “Shawn, do you want to inform me about the approach that will be used by the company to deal with this crisis? Should I take a group photo with Jessica or attend an event together with her?"
	Outside the door, the production assistant is urging Jenny to come out for shooting. Shawn hesitates for a moment, smiles, “It’s okay, let’s talk about it when you’re done. It’s not a big deal, even if the company don’t intervene in this matter, it will be settled down in a couple of days.”
	Doubtfully, Jenny steps out of the dressing room with a bath towel wrapped around her.
	Shawn looks at her back, letting out a sigh silently.
	If Jenny know the decision of the company, Shawn’s afraid that she may not be able to concentrate on the shooting now, so it will be better to hide the truth from her.
	The commercial for Comforters Soap will be shot indoors in the studio; a green scene is set as the background which will be edited during the stage of post-production; there’s a bathtub placed in the middle and Jenny has to sit in the bathtub, showing her naked back towards the camera while as the cameramen film a close-up shot of her profile and her back, she soaps herself from her shoulder to her waist.
	The first scene is very simple, however, in order to get the best possible aesthetic effect, they have done a lot of retakes.
	The line is only one sentence, “Comfortable home, Comforters.”
	Until the director shouts “cut” for the first scene, all the tension that Jenny has managed to keep bottled up is relieved eventually. Suddenly, the cold makes her sneeze, Shawn quickly wraps her in the bath towel and pulls her out from the water.
	Even though the air conditioner is turned on here, but in order to prevent the cloud of steam from hindering the desired effect, the bathtub is filled with the cold water. In winter, asking her to sit in a tub of cold water with a totally naked body actually is going to kill her.
	“Well, thanks a lot to our actress. You can take a break for ten minutes, others get ready for the next scene…”
	Shawn helps Jenny to put on a down coat, after handing her a hot-water bag and putting on a pair of snow boots on her feet, finally she has got herself in hand again.
	“Luckily we’re shooting in the studio. At the beginning, they’ve told me that this commercial will be filmed outdoors and the location is fixed at the Moon Lake in the countryside, I don’t even know how to tell you about it.”
	Shawn chatters for a while, adjusting the clothing of Jenny. “When the shooting’s over, remember to drink some Indigowoad Root herbal tea, otherwise you’ll be in trouble if you catch a cold.”
	In the second scene, Jenny will play the scene with two actors who play the roles as her husband and her uncle. This scene has more connotation, the moment Jenny takes a shower, the soap bar slips out of her hands. When the soap bar slips outside the bathroom, the husband then bents to pick up the soap bar while the uncle with a dog in his arms is dumbfounded at the sight that meets his eyes.
	There are four close-up shot will be filmed for this scene.
	After Jenny has lost the soap bar, she tries to peep outside through the crevice in the door.
	When the husband picks up the soap bar, the cameraman will film a close-up shot of the hand picking up the soap bar.
	The uncle holds a dog in his arms, standing behind his brother with a meaningful look on his face.
	After that, the scene shifts to the close-up shot of the husband’s butt and subsequently, the shot pans slowly to get a panoramic shot for three of them.
	When the first time Jenny sees the advertising plan, she can’t stop from laughing and ask Shawn, “Are you sure that this commercial can pass the inspection?”
	Shawn adopts an air of indifference, “It’s not our concern, you just need to complete the shooting.”
	Jenny knows both actors who are going to play with her, one of them is Nicolas whom she has participated a variety show with. He acts as her uncle and since he steps into this studio, he keeps holding his dogs in his arms, never put it down till now. He put on a warm smile on his face; he is hardly the same man as the man who has showed an arrogant behavior during the meeting that day.
	While another actor is older, he gives an appearance of stoic, indifferent and forbidding like a veteran cadre. Jenny and he have worked together for a magazine cover before, but his face seems to have changed a lot since she last met him.
	At the first floor of the studio, there’s a lady standing against the railing. She is dressed in a grey overcoat with a purely-colored mink cashmere scarf wrapped around her neck; her ears wears a pair of imperial green jade earrings, making her look particularly distinguished. Since her position is in a blind corner, nobody has noticed her.
	The lady frowns as she watches the happenings in the studio. When she sees Jenny come out from the dressing room with a bath towel wrapped around her body only, her face is as black as thunder, showing her displeasure.
	In her eyes, Jenny has behaved like a wanton, how does she deserve to be the daughter-in-law of Lu’s family?
	Shawn is a woman of keen perception, she always feels that there is someone looking at them up and down. She looks up to the first floor, glancing around and she find out that there’s a lady standing in the corner. Her nerves are tightened suddenly, then she asks the production assistant.
	“Somebody is standing at the first floor, is she one of your company’s employees?”
	The production assistant is young, he looks up and gives a glance to the lady. Even though the lady doesn’t look familiar to him, but she looks distinguished and has dressed elegantly, he touches his head and says hesitatingly, “She might be our supervisor, we have employed the security guards to guard the door and the people with no duty can’t enter this studio that easy.”
	Shawn frowns, when the filming has been completed, she takes Jenny back to the dressing room, showing her the photo that she has taken secretly with her phone. “Just now, this lady has kept staring at the film set, she seems to be watching you. Do you know her?”
	Jenny takes a closer look at the photo, then shaking her head.
	The distance is too far away, causing the photo to be unclear, she can only just discern a grey-colored silhouette from the photo.
	“Is she from your grandparents?”
	“It’s impossible…”
	Jenny raises up her head and glances at Shawn vigilantly.
	Throughout Jade Picture, there are only three persons who have known the real story of her family; they are Shawn, Frankie and Jessica. Even Jessica and Frankie have very limited knowledge about the internal conditions of Jin Family, but for the friendship among Shawn’s parents and Jin Family, she won’t know these stories as well.
Chapter 127 Say Goodbye To The Past
	When the Jin had an accident, first Jenny’s father and uncle were detained. Then, Jenny’s father was released on bail for a period of time. After returning home, he had a quarrel with Jenny’s mother, and then was taken away by the police. She does not know exactly what happened.
	She only knows that because of her uncle’s sentence, people of her mom’s family directly broke off friendship with the Jin. After the death of her grandparents, the uncles and aunts of her mom’s family had no contact with the Jin anymore.
	Jenny is not alone. It’s just that over the years, her mom’s family members don’t regard her as a member.
	After returning home, she once went back with cosmetics and health care products brought back from abroad, but they didn’t want to see her. Her aunt directly said that she was a jinx.
	She thinks it is impossible for them to come to find her.
	Shawn realizes that she is thinking too much, so she puts down this idea, “although she is not, you still should be careful. I think that person keeps looking at you. Some said maybe she is the manager of Comforters, but I don’t think so. I think she looks like the wife from a wealthy family. Have you offended anyone recently?”
	Jenny shrinks her neck helplessly, "I swear, I didn’t offend anyone except that Michael, who is very irascible. I’m just a small potato. I don’t have this capability. You overestimate me.”
	When she hears Michael, Shawn looks a little different.
	Jenny tilts her head, looks at her and laughs, “oh, Shawn, I heard that Michael always waits for you downstairs to invite you to dinner after work these two days.”
	Shawn blushes and says incoherently, “no, don’t listen to the gossip. I will tear that person’s mouth.”
	Jenny quickly covers her face and mutters, “no! I live on my face...”
	Shawn has always been a workaholic, and it is rare to see her looking like a little girl. Jenny covers her mouth and laughs.
	Although Michael is a pushover being thoughtless, he has a good taste!
	In the afternoon, she makes up a few more videos. The dog on the set becomes a super star. Everyone wants to touch it. When she leaves, she finds that Tom is talking to the owner of the pet shop who brings the dog to buy the dog. Jenny couldn’t help smiling, “Tom looks very indifferent, but actually likes animals.”
	Shawn takes a look along her sight and rolls her eyes impolitely, “come on, he is simply a green hand who is impractical, relying on his family and relationship. He is always late in the crew and hard to wait on. Do you think he really cares animals? Who knows if he will give it away after keeping it for a few days, or it will starve to death at home. Jenny, don’t be naive.”
	Jenny frowns and sits in the minivan, looking out of the window over Shawn’s face for a long time.
	Shawn has been working in this area for a long time. She looks at a lot of things in a negative way. She seldom laughs and never put trust in anyone. It seems to her that everyone is only part of her work. Because of her work, she takes them seriously, but they are still simply parts of work.
	Jenny takes a deep breath, leans back in chair and slowly closes her eyes.
	In fact, Shawn doesn’t regard anyone as a friend, but a working partner.
	Jenny has been back home for more than half a year. After losing her boyfriend and best friend, she seemingly doesn’t meet any true friends.
	As Shawn said when she first warned her, in this field, there are only interests. Don’t try to use sincerity to get others’ sincerity.
	“Go back home and have a good rest. You can put aside fitness for a while, but you still need to control the amount of food you eat. In these two days, Eshmour will real deals with you.”
	“Have they informed you?”
	“I have asked people to inquire about it privately. The staff of the late stage of the advertisement are already editing the footage of your last interview seemingly used as an advertising clip. As long as you don’t have any negative news that will affect them during this period of time, everything would be OK.”
	“The news of these two days...”
	“The company has figured out a solution. You don’t have to pay attention to it. If you are asked by reporters, you don’t have to respond.”
	Jenny is relieved that she doesn’t have to worry about it now as it’s settled.
	On the way home, Shawn mentions the personal studio and tells her to take advantage of the opportunity.
	This makes her think about the terms put forward by Luke, and her mood gets a little blue.
	On the downstairs of the apartment, Shawn worriedly tells her other notes of the work. If it is not Victoria who is watching into the car through the window, she would need to listen to Shawn’s chatter for another half an hour.
	Jenny finally gets out of the car and then she is inundated by Victoria’s complaint.
	She also just comes back, seeing the familiar car, and directly going over.
	“Jenny, do you know how miserable I was at work? I was tortured by that damned George. He is an asshole...”
	Jenny cleans her ear and says, “are you hungry? I can cook noodles for you.”
	"OK, go ahead. I continue to tell you.”
	Jenny twitches her mouth, changes the slippers to wash the hands in the kitchen, and endures Victoria’s endless complaint.
	From her complaint, Jenny can imagine how many times she argues with her boss in the company.
	“Is your boss really that mean? Does he still bear a grudge of the time that you beat him?”
	“Oh shit. He is really mean. I was asked to go to the coffee shops 20 times one day. I’m a designer, not an intern. He is such an asshole...”
	“Can’t believe it. I’ve seen George several times before. He looks quite approachable.”
	“It is because he likes beauties! When he sees a beautiful woman, he will pretend to be nice. He feels frustrated as I don’t buy it. So he now gives me a hard time.”
	When Jenny cooks the instant noodles, Victoria answers a phone and yells in her bedroom for a long time. Then she picks up a lot of things, drags her suitcase and hurriedly goes out.
	“Where are you going? Do you eat the instant noodles?”
	“No, thanks. I think George is trying to kill me. He just called me to go on a business trip with him.”
	She drags the suitcase and changes her shoes in the porch, “I have to go now. I’ll talk to you when I come back. You can eat it yourself. Bye.”
	With a bang, Jenny feels that the nerves on her forehead jumps several times.
	All the noise in the room suddenly disappears. She looks down at the steaming instant noodles and sighs helplessly.
	The future will be like this. Either being super busy, or being extremely lonely.
	While eating the instant noodles, the mobile phone on the table vibrates twice and shows a message sent by Luke.
	“Chen will pick you up for dinner at 7p.m.”
Chapter 128 The Old Tricks
	Jenny is stunned and stops chewing to see the message.
	It has been nearly a week since she signed the prenup last time. After that they did not contact each other. As he does not contact her first, even if grandma calls her, she is too awkward to go to Flower House herself.
	Are they going to step the first step to get reconciled.
	She suddenly feels delighted.
	At seven o’clock, Chen is downstairs and calls her. She goes downstairs with her bag.
	Somehow, Chen looks a little surprised when he sees her casual sporty suit, and specially reminds her, “Mrs. Lu, would you like to change a more formal suit?”
	Jenny takes a look at herself. She is wearing a gray casual pants, beige sweater and white down jacket. Although it’s casual, she’s just going to have a dinner in Flower House and it’s not her first time being there.
	“No, it’s warm.”
	Chen hesitates for a moment, and suddenly realizes that the she is pregnant. She should keep herself warm, so he doesn’t say anything more.
	Halfway through the car, Jenny looks out of the window and suddenly feels strange.
	“Are you making a detour?”
	“No, this way is the nearest one. We are going to arrive after passing the intersection ahead.”
	“Pass the intersection?”
	Jenny looks at the distance in the dark outside the window, “are we going to the Flower House?”
	“No,” Chen looks surprised, “didn’t Mr. Lu tell you? Today, his mom will come back and make a reservation at the hotel.”
	Jenny is stunned.
	Luke’s mother?
	In the blink of an eye, they arrive at the door of the hotel. When getting off the car, Jenny realizes how unsuited she is wearing. However she is already here now, it would be even worse if she comes back home right now to change clothes as she would definitely get late.
	The dining place is on the second floor.
	The waiter leads Jenny through the long corridor to the separate room, and as soon as she opens the door, she hears a familiar voice inside the room.
	She is stunned at the door.
	Sky is also there.
	In this large private room, Sky sits next to an elegant woman.
	This woman is wearing a ginger woolen dress with a brown shawl on her shoulders. She looks radiant and is in her early 40s. If Jenny guesses right, she is Luke’s mother.
	Seeing this, she can’t help but feel a little nervous.
	A bold idea comes out of her mind.
	She guesses the message was sent from Luke’s mother. Maybe, Luke even doesn’t know about it.
	She and Luke do not go down the aisle yet, and now she is given a heart time by his mom.
	Thinking of this, Jenny becomes unnatural. She is stunned at the door and doesn’t know what to say.
	The woman finds that she looks stupefied, so she frowns slightly and does not speak anything.
	Sky stands up, just like a hostess, “auntie, this is Jenny, haven’t you met before?”
	“Yes, I have heard her before.” this woman smiles politely, but also coldly.
	Jenny immediately recovers, and says quickly, “Auntie...I was in a hurry. I didn’t know you were there, so I didn’t prepare a gift. I’m sorry.”
	“Oh? Luke didn’t tell you I’m coming?”
	“He...he told me to have dinner at night, and nothing else...” Jenny hesitates, wondering if it is okay to say something like that.
	“It’s not to blame you. Sit down first. Mom and Luke haven’t come yet. See what to eat. You can order first.”
	Jenny smiles slightly in relief, glances at the position, and sits down on the opposite side of Sky.
	Luke’s mother does not seem to be as serious as she imagines, so she is very easy to get along with.
	There is a round table in the separate room, and the menu is on the turntable. Luke’s mother turns the menu to Jenny and smiles politely, “Sky and I have ordered some. Now see what you like.”
	“Okay.”
	Jenny flips through the menu and politely reads a few pages. There is nothing special except for a few meat dishes and a few vegetarian dishes that she has ordered. She recently needs to lose weight and can’t eat too much, so she just adds a vegetarian dish.
	“I heard that Jenny used to study abroad. Maybe domestic dishes are not her taste. Should I ask the chef of the restaurant to cook some western food?”
	Sky interrupts.
	“Do you need it? Are there any Chinese who are not used to eating their own country’s food?” Tracy shows a trace of displeasure in her eyes and glances at Jenny, “Sky, you have also been abroad for many years, and you graduated from the famous Royal Conservatory of Music for five years. Are you used to Chinese food?”
	Jenny’s heart trembles for a while, trying to explain, but Sky takes the lead.
	“I’ve got used to it. Every time I return to China, I gain a few pounds of fat before leaving. I can’t eat such authentic Chinese food abroad.”
	“Then don’t go away. It’s not easy for you to be abroad alone. Come back and live with us, so we can take care of you.”
	“Aunt, I’m eagerly looking forward to it, but there may be one more person in the house in the future. It’s still not convenient for me to be here.”
	Jenny keeps looking down at the menu in silence. Sky and Luke’s mom talk very happily, and she can’t put a word in conversation. She just feels uncomfortable and feels that Sky’words are aiming at her.
	When it is said that, Luke’s mother seems to have finally realized her existence, and suddenly changes the topic to her.
	“Jenny, right? I heard that you are a start of Jade Picture? You look quite young. I guess you do not work in this field for a long time, right?”
	Jenny comes to herself.
	She is 21 years old. She’s admitted to college early, and finished her master degree smoothly. Actually, she is a half newcomer and she made her debut at the age of 17. It’s been a long time.
	She takes a deep breath, considers it, and says carefully,
	“I filmed the movie when I was seventeen, and then I did not film again when studied abroad. I graduated in June last year, then I went back to China and signed the working contract, and it has been until now...”
	“Seventeen, it’s so young, did your parents agree?” Tracy is a little surprised.
	She sends someone to investigate Jenny before. The strange thing is that her background is complicated and nothing can be found. Even the column that says parents is empty. It seems that someone has tempered her file, which makes her very suspicious.
	Jenny nods.
	At that time, her mother accompanies her to auditions.
	“Were your family lacking money at that time? And you have to be a breadwinner for them?”
	Jenny looks stiff, and she thinks for a while, “What do you mean?”
	“If it wasn’t for this reason, how could they let their daughter go out to work at a young age? You were supposed to go to school at 17, but not work.”
	Tracy’s question is very straightforward, contemptuous and a bit unpleasant to hear.
	Jenny grips the tablecloth under the table and becomes stiff.
Chapter 129 No good feast
	“I’m not forced by my parents, I just prefer…”
	She was accepted by the university ahead of time when she was still in high school. Thereafter she had several months when she didn’t have anything to do. Her father had a friend who was the assistant director and recommended her to the director. Her parents accompanied her for the audition and other than filming, she didn’t do anything else. If it’s because of the money, she was only paid ten thousand for acting in the film.
	At that time, she was just a newcomer.
	“Do you like it?” Tracy frowns and looks at her, “I mean, you youngsters should have concentrated and studied properly. You’re parents also didn’t guide you, right? Had you been serious with your studies…”
	“Missus, Madam, and Master are here.”
	The knock of on the door interrupts Tracy’s critical teachings.
	Jenny lifts her head to look at the door, Luke is in a black suit holding on to grandma as she walks in. Grandma is wearing a green jacket, with a red ruby necklace, not one hair is out of place. She is not her usual jovial self and looks very stern.
	“What’s there to eat outside, keep bothering me to come out. Tracy, aren’t you too formal about this? We are all family, don’t make a big fuss over it.”
	Tracy hurries to her feet and welcomes, “Mom, it’s troublesome to clean up and we have guests. It’s difficult for us to cook and there are more choices if we dine outside. Come, please seat beside me.”
	Grandma waves her hand and takes off her jacket and passes it to her. She then walks towards Jenny, “What guests, we’re all family, where’s the guest, I’ll seat here.”
	Before she takes her seat, it looks like grandma sees Sky opposite and is slightly surprised. She smiles cheekily and looks at Jenny, “I didn’t know that Sky is here, then Tracy is right, there is a guest.”
	Jenny pours a cup of tea for grandma and didn’t speak.
	Sky’s expression changed and looks embarrass.
	Tracy sees it.
	Luke looks at his mother and takes over grandma’s jacket from her and passes it to the waiter. He then walks to Jenny and sits beside her. He was a seat away from Sky.
	It is a small private room with a table for eight. Now there are five people seated. Luke and Sky are separated by a seat and two seats by the door were empty for the waiter to serve the dishes.
	But this seating arrangement appeared to exclude Tracy and Sky.
	Tracy looks at Luke, frowns, and is about to say something but Sky pulls her hand, “Everyone’s here, have them serve the dishes.”
	She looks at Sky, ponders, pulls back her hand, and suppresses her unhappiness.
	She didn’t know what to say and feels that she cannot be compared to Sky who she personally brought up.
	It was obvious to anyone that grandma likes her very much.
	Tracy keeps thinking that some things just need to be said she considers carefully before saying, “I heard that Jenny’s parents had passed on, I wonder if there are any relatives and friends?”
	Jenny is surprised and looks at Luke.
	“Why are you asking this? We are eating now, why are you hurting this kid?”
	Grandma feels that it is inappropriate and glares at her own daughter-in-law.
	Tracy’s expression changes and tones herself down, “Mom, didn’t you mention that you want the marriage to be done as soon as possible? We need to invite guests to the marriage. We can’t accept that none of her relatives attend the marriage, how will it look on that day?”
	Grandma frowns and feels that there is some truth in this line of reasoning. She lowers her voice and asked Jenny, “Jenny, I keep hearing that you don’t have any relatives, then are there anyone else?
	“I have relatives from the father’s side.” Jenny bites her lips and says, “but we have not contacted for a long time.”
	Normally when someone says this it is because of some problems in the family that cannot be shared outwardly and grandma didn’t pursue it. In her heart, she cares deeply for Jenny, pats the back of her hand and asks her to eat.
	Tracy is unhappy and didn’t want the matter to rest, “Why don’t you contact them? Aren’t they also your relatives? Aren’t you concerned over them?”
	Jenny started to turn pale.
	“What’s so surprising about it?” The sullen man on one side says and cuts off his mother. His voice was cold and distant, “Our relatives and I don’t communicate that regularly also.”
	Tracy’s expression changed and said anxiously, “How can it be the same? Aren’t you the one who doesn’t want to interact with them? Your cousins come to visit your dad and me whenever they are in town. It’s even more frequent than you going home.
	“Not familiar.” The two words cause the atmosphere to turn awkward.
	Grandma smirks and laughs. She dishes a bowl of soup for Jenny and whispers to her, “Don’t listen to them, come, drink some soup.”
	Jenny bows slightly and nods. She carefully receives the bowl and takes small sips of the soup.
	With Luke’s response, Tracy lost all interest in questioning her. Thereafter she didn’t say anything to spite nor embarrass her. She continues to chat happily with Sky and reminisce about the times when she brought her to the military compound to play.
	“At that time, when I brought Sky out, the entire military compound and our artists unit said that she was our betrothed bride.”
	“Auntie Tracy, this shouldn’t be said now,” Sky laughs politely and looks towards Jenny, “Luke is going to be a father soon. Those shall be our jokes of the past.”
	“Others may treat it as a joke but I am serious about it, if it’s not for…”
	“Ahem…” Grandma feels uneasy and interrupts. She feels that her daughter-in-law is not behaving properly and says, “What are you talking about? Luke and Jenny are right here!”
	Jenny looks uncomfortable and gives an excuse to go to the restroom, escaping the tense situation.
	It is said that the relationship between mother and daughter in-laws is the top three most complex problems in the world.
	She lathers her hands with soap and looks at herself in the mirror.
	With this difficult relationship, it will be difficult to have her help to introduce Yuky. Now it’s already a problem trying to get her to accept her, not to mention requesting her help to link up with anyone else.
	She ponders for a while and couldn’t come up with any good ideas. As soon as she hears some chatters moving towards the restroom, she quickly washes and dries her hands and as she walks to the door, she meets Tracy and Sky.
	“Auntie, you’re here at the restroom… I’ll go back first.” She says awkwardly.
	“No hurry, stay for a while, I have something to say to you.” She says sharply with a stern and condescending tone.
Chapter 130 I’m not in favor of you
	Normally, it will be the mother-in-law making things difficult for the daughter-in-law.
	Jenny’s heart sinks, she feels like it’s a scene from the soap dramas.
	“Then I’ll go back first, auntie, so that you can have a good chat with Jenny.”
	Sky’s words shake her back to her senses as she sees the image of someone sashaying away from the restroom.
	There are only two of them in the restroom.
	Her hand grasps tightly a paper napkin which is crumbled into a ball.
	It is obvious that Tracy is up to no good.
	“To tell you the truth, I don’t regard you favorably.”
	The first sentence already clearly stated her true feelings.
	Jenny lifts her head and looks at her and then quickly looks down, maintaining her silence because she absolutely doesn’t know what to say at that moment.
	If she asks why she would be ridiculously naïve. There are so many areas that she needs to improve. Anything said will be adding fuel to the fire and it is better to maintain silence.
	At times, silence is the best way to resolve problems.
	“I admit that when Luke was preparing to marry you, I was rather curious as to who can interest Luke and that’s when I investigated you. But I didn’t use too many resources because I wanted to know you in person first.”
	“…”
	“I originally thought that even if an artist in the entertainment industry isn’t highly cultured nor highly educated, at least she would know basic courtesy and etiquette. But look at how you are dressed tonight, it’s totally inappropriate.”
	“…”
	“Furthermore, you look like you are from a small family and isn’t used to any large and important events. The womenfolk of the Lu family will need to speak appropriately in large events.”
	“…”
	“You should know that originally the families of Lu and Song were linked by marriage. If nothing untoward happens, Luke is supposed to marry Sky. You are the ‘untoward’.”
	Jenny bites her lips in silence, she releases the ball of napkin in her hand and it falls onto the floor.
	Tracy frowns and asks, “Why don’t you respond?”
	“Since you have these opinions on me, nothing I say will change anything, isn’t it?”
	Jenny’s indifferent attitude didn’t enable Tracy to erupt in anger.
	Tracy sighs and said sternly, “It is normal that you are angry that I say these. Since you are pregnant with Luke’s baby, the Lu family isn’t irresponsible. You will get what you deserve. What I just said you must make it up. Regardless of whether it is socializing or culture, you must endeavor to learn and catch up.”
	“You are willing to accept me because of this child?” Jenny asked carefully.
	“Otherwise?” Tracy glares at her, “Luke isn’t young anymore and doesn’t want to get married. His father doesn’t want me to interfere with his matters but his marriage is a big deal. I cannot stand idly by. Since he personally chose you, then even if I’m reluctant I can’t do anything about it.”
	“What you said, I’ll try my best …”
	Jenny doesn’t think that Juke’s mother is a bad person. It’s just that she has high standards and doesn’t know her well. As far as education is concerned, she is a masters postgraduate in a well-known university and in the finance sector. Her education level isn’t worst off than Sky’s musical college. Looks like her investigation didn’t turn out so well.
	“Additionally, quit your job after marriage and take good care of the child.”
	“That’s not possible…” Jenny immediately objects when she hears the words quit your job.
	Tracy raises her eyebrow and her expression changes. She raises her voice, “Why not? Can’t the Lu family provide for you? Do we need you to shame yourself to others on the television?”
	Shame yourself?
	Jenny’s expression froze, how does she bring shame to herself?
	“Do some self-reflection, the Lu family cannot accept a woman that interacts closely with another man publicly. If you want to marry into the Lu family, you must leave the entertainment industry. This is my bottom line.”
	Tracy is very dissatisfied with Jenny’s attitude. Her expression is steeled and her tone is definite.
	She cannot abandon her job.
	The food is tasteless thereafter and she is distracted when she leaves.
	“It’s so late, Luke, send Sky to the hotel.”
	Tracy pushes Sky directly to Luke’s car.
	“Hey, how can this be? Let Chen sent her. Luke must follow us.” Grandma blocks Luke.
	“Mom, please don’t interfere, Jenny can come with us. Chen is just a chauffeur, it is not appropriate that he sends Sky…?
	Jenny manages to call for a car when they are arguing, “Grandma, Auntie Lu, I have to work tomorrow, I won’t go back to the Flower House. I called for a ride and it’s here. I’ll take my leave.”
	“Hey, Jenny…” Grandma stomps her feet, she turns and glares at Tracy, “She is pregnant, how can you allow her to take that car alone?”
	Tracy actually didn’t want to look at her but when she sees her walking alone, she also worries but didn’t say anything.
	Luke speaks to Chen at one side and in a few strides he caught up with her. As she gets into the car, he prevents the door from closing and swiftly gets in the car. He instructs the driver to go to his apartment. The driver drives off.
	Jenny is astonished. She still didn’t react to there being another person beside her in the car.
	“Don’t you have to send Sky?”
	“Perhaps you have a problem with your hearing.” Luke turned and calmly says to her, “Never did I say that I wanted to send her.”
	But your mother said.
	Jenny looked down and avoided his eyes.
	This person is really strange. He didn’t contact her for a week and was cold about it. Now, why did he rush to her side?
	“You don’t have to take what my mother said to heart. After the marriage, you’ll only see her once a year.”
	Luke seems to know what she is thinking and is direct and to the point.
	She raises her head and says, “You know what she said to me?”
	“For you to leave the entertainment industry.”
	“…”
	“What I agreed, even if I were to renege, it’ll be me who tells you. You don’t have to bother with what she says.”
	“You catch up with me just to say these?”
	Jenny blinks in the darkness and looks at his face.
	She didn’t expect that in the small car and with the rushing of the wind from the windows, there was a strange feeling of warmth in the car.
	Luke initially was worried about her and ran to the car but when he sees her innocent and pitiful expression, he had a strange feeling rushing over him.
	At the next moment, he lowers his head and gave her a warm and affectionate kiss.
Chapter 131 Verify Luke's Sincerity.
	If she hasn't seen their driver, who is watching them in surprise in the rear-view mirror, Jenny feels that she cannot find her reason from his gentleness by her own efforts.
	"Here we are, sir and madam."
	She pushes him away vigorously.
	She opens the door of the car as soon as the car stops, then she runs away.
	She has seen his cold and cruel side, and his cold eyes are bloodthirsty. So, the warmth of his last second makes her be crazy and scared at the same time.
	He comes up from her back with steady steps. He grabs her arm and turns her around, "Where are you going?"
	"Go home." Jenny avoids his eyes and tries to get rid of his hands.
	"You don't have home."
	His cold words poke her lie. For a moment, it seems that he opens her wound. Her heart aches suddenly.
	"Why do you say I don't have home? No, I have. My apartment is my home."
	Luke does not expect that she suddenly struggles violently, so her hands are free.
	"Luke, you are so self-righteous, like your mother."
	Before that, she has not been wronged. At the moment, her sudden outburst of emotion, what is related to her long-term accumulation of pressure.
	In the past, even though life was difficult, she also expressed her dissatisfaction directly. This evening, she flatters everyone, which makes her hate herself.
	She wants to glare at Luke's mother and retorts that her words are all shits when she says something, which makes her unhappy. She wants to make merciless sarcasm at Sky when she puts on an act.
	That's the real Jenny, who is unrestrained and never considering the consequences.
	For the first time, she loses herself tonight.
	She is so angry that she bites her lips. But in the end, she doesn't vent her anger, she just keeps silent.
	But she bursts into tears and showed her vulnerability now. This is a vivid play.
	She doesn't intend to do this. Only after seeing Luke's mother tonight, she knows that if she does not get Luke's trust and love as soon as possible, her situation will be difficult.
	What's more, she needs to be used to verify his sincerity. Although such means are despicable. But these can only be used for people like Luke.
	As expected, men like weak women, who can cry and show weakness. Luke is also a man.
	When Luke hugs her again, she thinks she has found the right way.
	After a long time, the sound of her crying fades away.
	"She's my mother, and I hope you'll try to get along with her. If not, you don't have to see her after our wedding."
	His voice is still cold. Even in his arms, she still can't feel warm. she shrinks her neck, and finally pushes him away.
	Jenny has seen a lot of plays related to the relationship between mother-in-law and daughter-in-law before. Men are in a dilemma in the relationship. But Luke seems not to have the puzzlement. He doesn't embarrass himself. He stands far away and tells her that she should try to get along with his mother because she is his mother, but he doesn't force her. If they can't get along with each other, they don't have to meet again.
	These words really remind her that he doesn't force her, and he will not stand on her side, because she is his mother.
	There is a sudden chill in Jenny.
	Luke looks down at her, whose expression is contradictory.
	For a long time, her light voice sounds in the air, floating in the cold wind.
	"I still have work tomorrow and I need to go back to my apartment."
	"I take you home."
	"Ok."
	No one speaks all the way. Jenny has looked out of her wits, until she returns to her apartment and lies down on the bed. She is so tired that she closed eyes. But she can't sleep, thinking about her current situation.
	If there is no parents' case, Luke's words will not sound so bad. He doesn't force her to get along well with his mother. But she has a purpose. She tries to find a way to integrate into the upper-class circle in Beijing, so she cannot bypass his mother.
	She is upset. The more she thinks about it, the sadder she feels.
	The next morning, Cecelia brings breakfast for her. Behind her are Jenny's docking director and the cameramen, Carl.
	As soon as she hears the sound of opening the door, Jenny, who has not yet woken up, jumps up from the bed and rushes into the bathroom to wash her face and brush her teeth. She doesn't open the door, the two stand outside.
	"Jenny is washing…" Cecelia's vague voice comes from outside the door. Then, she begins to knock on the bathroom door, "Jenny, hurry up! Today's schedule is very tight. We have to go shopping in the Maternal stores firstly... "
	Jenny is brushing her teeth when she hears the words. With her foam in her mouth, she sticks her head out and asks vaguely. "Maternal stores? Why do we need go?"
	Cecelia looks very naive. She raises her eyebrows and says, "Jessica is pregnant. Let's buy some clothes and shoes for the baby in the Maternal stores and see her."
	Jenny freezes and keeps silent for a long time.
	Cecelia is very happy until she notices that Jenny's face is not right, so she is stunned. After swallowing the steamed stuffed bun in her mouth, she squeezes out a sentence from her mouth, "Did Shawn tell you, didn't she?"
	Jenny looks up at Carl, who is shooting, and drags Cecelia into the bathroom. Carl still stands out of the door. Jenny asks in a low voice, "No one told me. Isn't today filming my daily life? Why do I suddenly have a work? Jessica's house? Is Shawn crazy?"
	Cecelia is frightened by Jenny's ferocious appearance. She can't help burping, then the bathroom is full of meat buns.
	Jenny pushes her away in disgust and pulls a towel to dry her mouth. Then she holds her arms and glares at Cecelia.
	"I thought Shawn told you." Cecelia lowers her head and does not dare to speak loudly. "This is arranged by our company. The conflict between you and Jessica has a bad effect. Boss thinks that taking this opportunity to let you play the program at the same time is the best explanation for the rumor, and the program team agreed."
	Jenny sits down on the closestool, "No way."
	Are they kidding? Pretending to good friends? She and Jessica?
	Everyone in the company knows that she has a bad relationship with Jessica. Now she has to go to her house and work with her. Doesn't it mean to upset her, does it?
	No way!
	Cecelia swallows her saliva. "You will not go, will you?"
	"Yes."
	"Then I'll call Shawn."
	Jenny suddenly looks up at Cecelia. She really takes her cell phone out of her pocket and calls Shawn.
	"Tell her your dedication, or I will be scolded again."
	"Ah,… wait…"
	At the thought of what Shawn will say after she gets through the phone, Jenny is afraid.
	"Fine. I will go."
Chapter 132 Our Relationship is the Same as Before.
	She doesn't have to think about it. If Shawn knows she isn't going, she will teach her a lesson. After being scolded, she still has to go. Why take the trouble to do that?
	Jenny is tactful. She just complains with Cecelia. When it comes to business, she will take it seriously.
	Carl waits outside for a long time before they open the door.
	Jenny changes her clothes and gets on the car. They go straight to the Maternal store.
	Cecelia takes a pair of ducklings for bathing. "Look, how about this one? It's so cute."
	"Not as cute as you." Jenny doesn't look at it. She replies very perfunctorily and then wanders to another place.
	The store is very big and the theme color is pink.
	Jenny is attracted by an exquisite nipple. The nipple is hung with Piggy's doll, and a transparent white nipple underneath.
	There is a row of nipples with all kinds of dolls on them.
	For some reasons, she thinks of Luke's request for her to have their babies.
	She can't help laughing at the thought that the baby might look like him and smile like her. She takes down the sample hanging on the display cabinet and looks at it carefully.
	She is immersed in imagination when Cecelia suddenly appears. She looks at the nipple in Jenny's hand for a long time. "Ah, so cute. Buy this one."
	Jenny is startled by her. She comes to her senses and nods with the nipple in a daze. "Oh, OK."
	As they check out, she watches the cashier handing a nipple and scanning the accounts. Her mind is filled with the treaty, and suddenly feels a little ridiculous.
	She approaches Luke with such a purpose. She takes him to get the marriage certificate. Up to now, he doesn't know what her purpose is to get married. If grandma doesn't like her, maybe she is nothing in his eyes.
	She can't breed a baby for him, let alone her job is not allowed. Even if she doesn't do this job, she also can't have his baby. She has seen how unhappy children can be bred in a family without love. In the future, if Luke gets tired of her, she doesn't want to see her children suffer at home alone.
	She takes a deep breath at the thought. She settles the bill and goes out with the packed box. They rush to Jessica's home.
	After the news of the marriage breaks out, Jessica has been living in Frankie's home.
	Frankie's parents have a good relationship with the Jin. After all, they are neighbors. Not long before the Jin's accident, Frankie's family buys a new house in Xicheng. The original house of their family gradually empties out. It is also after the accident that they move to Xicheng. What's more, their industrial transferres to the other place. Their company gradually moves to Xicheng, then City Z becomes their past.
	Their house in Xicheng, she has been here. But the impression is not very good.
	As time goes by, she is no longer a daughter of the Jin. Without the support of the family, she is a less well-known third entertainer in the entertainment industry. In addition, she is not willing to get married early, and she is not willing to quit the entertainment industry to be a housewife. So, they despise her, which is what she predicts.
	Soon, they arrive at Frankie's house.
	Cecelia follows Carl with many presents. In order to make the scene more concise, she does not get out of the car, just staying in the nanny car. Only one cameraman follows Jenny.
	The gate of Frankie's house is still as magnificent as before. To be honest, it's a little tacky.
	Jenny rings the doorbell and tries to adjust her face and expression before the door opened. She also checks her clothes. It is very casual and suitable for visiting friends.
	After the doorbell rings a few times, a voice comes from inside, "I'm coming..."
	A gust of wind sweeps her face, Jenny sees a familiar face behind the door.
	She is slightly stunned, and her smile on the edge of her mouth is a little stiff, "Aunt."
	No one tells her Frankie's mother is at home.
	"Jenny, come in."
	Frankie's mother smiles politely and make a way for Jenny to come in.
	The family is also rich, but the master come to open the door in person, which makes Jenny feel very strange.
	Frankie's mother should not do such a thing.
	"Is Jessica at home?"
	"Yes. She's upstairs. The servant is to ask her to come down. You can have some fruit firstly."
	She speaks as she scans the small box that Jenny has brought.
	She looks at Jenny with some caution.
	"Just come and play. Why do you bring gift?"
	From her attitude, Jenny seems to have figured out something. When she understands, she laughs easily. She generously hands the box to Frankie's mother, "This is a gift for Jessica and the baby. This is a token of my regard."
	She opens the box carefully and takes a look. When she sees the nipple, the guard in her eyes gradually disappears, and even a smile crosses, "You are so pleasure."
	"Nothing. Frankie and I are friends, and Jessica is my best friend. This gift isn't very precious. I will prepare a better gift when the baby is born."
	Jenny smiles generously.
	She has no bad thoughts.
	Frankie's mother looks at her for a long time. Jenny doesn't know what she thinks, but the caution in her eyes gradually disappears. She pats Jenny's hand with a smile. Her expression is complicated, "Good girl. You are a good girl. You should understand me."
	"I know." Jenny quickly answers, afraid that she will say something inconvenient to broadcast. "You and uncle both become old, so you hope that Frankie can have a family and a baby soon. All parents are the same. It is also a blessing for Frankie to meet Jessica, a woman who can put down her career and is willing to give birth to him."
	Her hand on the back of Jenny's hand slowly clenches, and there seems to be a gratifying look in her eyes.
	"It's nice of you to think so."
	Jenny bows her head and laughs, "I should think so. After all, the two, who are going to get married, are my best friends, aren't they?"
	Frankie's mother's eyes seem to be a little wet, and her look is bound to make a big fuss in the later editing, so as to make the audience misunderstand. Fortunately, Jessica just goes downstairs. Frankie's mother lowers her head in a hurry and avoids the camera. She gets up and starts to go to the kitchen. "It's a rare time. I'll go to the kitchen to see what they've cooked today."
	Jenny smiles, "Ok."
	When Jessica goes downstairs, she sees her mother-in-law's eyes slightly red, who is entering the kitchen. Her look is a little strange, but in the next second, she puts on a smile and walks towards Jenny.
	"Jenny, you should have told me to come and play earlier, so I can go out and pick you up."
	Jessica's voice is overly sweet. Now, maybe she will be a mother, she walks carefully and supports her waist. This maternal brilliance weakens the original feeling of overly sweet.
	Resisting nausea, Jenny stands up and squeezes out a smile, "You're welcome. You are pregnant, so you need to rest more. Sit down quickly and don't care about me."
	"It's OK. I'm not so delicate. Our Relationship is the same as before. I'll peel an apple for you."
	Her words are nice. Jenny doesn't remember that she has peeled apples for her before.
Chapter 133 Life Is A Drama. Only Good Actors Survive It.
	Red apple swirls in Jessica’s hands. The thin and long peel falls into the fruit plate. She is so skillful at peeling that no one would not extol her as a good housewife.
	If it is not for the microphone on her clothes, Jenny would like to ask her if she stayed up and practiced peeling apples all night.
	Noticing Jenny looking at herself, Jessica smiles brighter, "Frankie is not at home today because there are some business to deal with in the company. Otherwise it will be good for us to take advantage of this program to get together. You have been very busy recently, right? You haven't come to visit me for a long time."
	"I've been busy all the time. Isn’t what this business is? But you haven't been idle, right? Your wedding day is coming, so I feel sorry for bothering you."
	"The wedding dress hasn't been picked out yet. The staff of wedding dress shop sent me two sets. Choose one for me!"
	Jenny admires that Jessica talks to her about trivialities without turning a hair.
	It is true that life is like a play, only good actors survive it.
	The wedding dresses are shelved in the cloakroom. The whole cloakroom is neatly placed all kinds of expensive jewelry and bags. The two sets of wedding dresses mentioned by Jessica are placed right in the middle of it. Both are white. One is a strapless puffball dress with a string of tassel decorated by tiny pearls on the waist and the other one is a a fishtail dress with lace on the shoulders, showing slim figure.
	Jenny can’t help touching it.
	"Isn't it nice? These are two samples from the window hand-sewn by an Italian designer. They were not for sale, but a friend of mine knows the manager very well so he sold them to me."
	Jessica says in pride. She bashfully touches her cheek, "But I am a little entangled with which one to choose."
	"Let Frankie choose for you."
	"That's true. We have the same taste. Maybe you will be as entangled as me." Jessica looks at Jenny with her eyebrows raised. There is an insinuation in her remarks so that Jenny shrinks.
	She is obviously provoking.
	"I'm a little thirsty. I'm going to drink." Jenny bows her head slightly, shunning away from the camera, to hide the displeasure in her eyes.
	Jessica indifferently grabs her wrist, "Why don't you take a look for me after I put on it."
	Jenny is about to shake off her hand, but she glimpses that two cameras are watching her through the dressing mirror. She rouses with a rush and recalls that she is recording. So she bears it with her teeth gritted.
	"OK, try it."
	She reluctantly responds. Seeing that Jessica goes into the dressing room with the servant, she looks around and sits down bored on sofa in the cloakroom.
	In fact, she doesn’t care to play with Jessica. She merely needs to put on a mask and imagine herself as a character. She can pretend to be her sister even if she doesn't know how to act.
	But she is very impatient to talk too much with Jessica, especially about her marriage and pregnancy. It is clear that she took her boyfriend and now she is asked to bless her against her conscience. That makes her regurgitate at every word.
	Looking at the fishtail wedding dress in a daze, she doesn’t notice the inconspicuous footstep behind.
	"Jenny, when did you come?"
	The sudden sound of a man stiffens Jenny on her back. She straightens up before putting hands holding cheeks back. She turns to look at the white figure coming in from the door.
	She isn’t aware that Frankie has been standing behind her for a long time.
	Because there are cameras, Jenny smiles at him decently, "I just arrive. Jessica asks me to help her choose wedding dress. Why are you at home?"
	Frankie shows her the folder in his hand, "I left something at home. I come back for them... "
	Just as they are talking, the curtain of the dressing room crosses the pole. Jessica comes out supported by the servant.
	Her eyes are suddenly refreshed when she sees Frankie. And then she runs to Frankie’s arms with her dress, "Frankie, when did you come back?"
	Frankie obliquely pushes her away from his arms, glances at Jenny and says, "Come back to get something."
	Jessica holds his arm, almost hanging on him, asks in a sweet voice, "Now that you came back? Dine in, OK?"
	"Well..."
	Seeing his promises without hesitation, Jessica is a little surprised. She is very happy to hear that, but when she glimpses the figure in the corner, she frowns and becomes displeased.
	In view of the presence of the camera and Frankie, she smiles to hide displeasure, "What a coincidence. Jenny is here today and Frankie is seldom at home at noon. It has been a long time since we last had dinner together."
	It sounds like she is grinding her teeth.
	Jenny sneers at heart with politeness on her face. She looks up at Jessica’s dress, "I think this one suits you. It can cover your stomach. If you wear this one at the wedding, it won't look very good."
	She doesn't mean much, but is just trying to change the subject.
	But Jessica misunderstands her. She thinks of something in a trance. She looks at the dress and then takes a look at Jenny, "Why not try on that one for me, and then I'll let Frankie choose one."
	Jenny's heart jolts and she looks straight at Jessica.
	The provocation in her eyes is obvious.
	Frankie sours and stares at Jessica, "What are you talking about? How can you let her try on wedding dress for you?"
	"Oh, that doesn’t matter. Jenny is my best friend. We are about the same size, so that you can compare the dress before choosing one."
	"No, Mom won’t agree with that if she knows."
	"Why not? Jenny and I also wore wedding dresses when we were filming. We are both actors and don't care about these feudal and superstitious ideas."
	"You..."
	"Well, I haven't really worn wedding dress yet. If you don't mind, I'd like to try it on."
	Jenny interrupts Frankie, standing up from the sofa and glances faintly at Jessica.
	She originally wants to be stoical to go well today, but now Jessica obviously doesn’t want to make things too easy, so she doesn’t have to be polite.
	Trying to humiliate me with a wedding dress?
	Dream it. Jessica.
	The treads hidden in the white fishtail wedding dress by side of Jenny brighten under the light of the cloakroom, dazzling.
	For some reason, Frankie feels strange in his heart.
	As if the wedding dress is supposed to belong to the girl in front of him, he nods in a daze but says powerfully, "Then try it."
Chapter 134 Who Is the Mrs. Hill?
	When Jenny changes clothes in the dressing room, Jessica smoothes folds on suit for Frankie.
	"You are so careless. It important to dress up neatly when negotiating. It's the basic manner."
	Frankie absentmindedly glimpses the dressing room from time to time.
	After a while, the servant opens the curtain of the dressing room and it follows the sound of high-heeled shoes. The slender ankles are strapped with high-heeled sandals, looking slender and whiter.
	The white fishtail dress perfectly shows the woman's figure. The collarbone at the shoulder dips and bends in all the right places and the lace on shoulders makes her neck charming. The style of the dress is simple from waist down and it slits on knees like a swallow tail, revealing long and white calves.
	Frankie looks at the incoming person and suddenly feels heartbroken.
	Although she is walking towards him, he feels like she is going farther away.
	The wedding dress is so suitable for her, but she will never belong to him.
	Forgetting to say something, Jessica stares at her fiance with her teeth gritted and gradually becomes malicious.
	Jenny tilts her head and deliberately puts on a lovely look, "How’s that? Jessica."
	Jessica hides malicious look and tries to keep smiling. She steps forward to hold her hand and pretends to be intimate, "It's so beautiful, isn’t? We are about the same size. Frankie, what do you think?"
	She specially lengthens her voice to remind Frankie of her identity.
	Suddenly regaining his mind, Frankie bows his head and coughs.
	He turns his head to secretly looks at Jenny in the mirror and says casually, "Both OK."
	He finally realizes that Jenny is not that naive little girl any more, she is a woman now, a charming woman which makes men crazy about her.
	But he is obsessed to push her away.
	Remorse in his heart at the moment is beyond words.
	"Both OK? Frankie, you have to choose one. Jenny and I just can't decide which one to choose."
	Frankie looks up at the two people for a long time.
	"The one on Jenny is better."
	Jessica and Jenny are stunned when they hear this.
	Jessica can’t believe that Frankie says that the wedding dress worn by other women looks good in front of the camera. He knows she prefers the one she tries on.
	Is it because Jenny is wearing that one?
	Jenny's idea is similar to that of Jessica. She is surprised that Frankie says such untimely words at this time.
	The scene becomes very awkward and subtle for a time. Seeing that Jessica seems to be stunned, she says, "A man's vision is incalculable. Aesthetic standards of straight male. The one Jessica wearing now is obviously suitable for her, a pregnant woman. The one I wearing don’t look very good at the wedding."
	She tries to get away with it by joking, but suddenly a servant calls her, "Mrs. Hill, it’s time for lunch. Old Mrs. Hill is waiting for you."
	The sound is from Jenny’s back. She sees Jessica’s face darkens and then she passes her with a couple of steps before she can response. Failing Frankie, She is hit to bump into the clothes hanger on the side.
	A crisp sound of slap resonates in the air.
	Jenny stares blankly at what is happening in Frankie’s arms.
	"Who do you call Mrs. Hill? Are you blind? You can't tell who the Mrs. Hill is. What's the matter with you?"
	Jessica's voice is particularly harsh in the huge cloakroom.
	The face of the servant who is slapped suddenly swells up.
	There is an eerie silence all around as everyone is stunned.
	At the moment, Jessica who is like a volcano that can not help erupting is scolding the servant with her back to Jenny and Frankie, completely losing her noble, pure and gentle image.
	Jenny doesn’t even have time to gloat.
	She is really startled by the scene in front of her.
	The servant feels wronged and bursts into tears, "When I stand at the door, I see Miss Jin wearing a wedding dress. I think it is you, Mrs. Hill..."
	"Am I the one in the wedding dress? So if you go to the wedding dress store, do you want to bring home all the people who try on the wedding dress there to be Mrs. Hill? Idiot!" She is about to slap her again after finishing that.
	"Jessica..." Frankie can’t stand it so he stops her.
	Being aware of her situation, Jenny frees from Frankie’s arms and quickly distances from him.
	Jessica raises her hand in the air for a while. She suddenly realizes what she did. She sheepishly puts her hand down and looks back with her face frozen, "I... I was in a bad mood just now..."
	She doesn’t explain this to Jenny and Frankie, but to the two followers.
	Instead of say something, the two followers just films the whole process with their cameras focusing on the whole dressing room.
	"This part can't be broadcast." Jessica frowns and says in a cold voice.
	The docking director comes in, and so does Jessica’s assistant. The scene becomes chaotic.
	A large dressing room is filled with people. Jenny feels uncomfortable, so she changes her clothes in the dressing room. When she comes out, Jessica’s assistant is discussing cuts with the docking director.
	Seeing that they don’t turn lens on her, Jenny sneers without hiding feelings.
	It looks like they can’t go on filming.
	Pretending to be a best friend, she breakdowns first.
	"I'll go to the bathroom first, and you'll take your time."
	Finishing that, she walks out of the locker room, a trouble place.
	Unexpectedly, Frankie also follows.
	Jenny takes two steps. For fear of arousing suspicion, she turns to glare at him defensively, "You don't have to follow me. I know where the bathroom is."
	"Jenny, I just want to apologize to you for Jessica. She is pregnant and emotionally unstable."
	"I don't care," Jenny shrugs, "I am not the one she hit. Besides, I think you should stay with her now instead of apologizing to me in case she hurts the innocent again."
	Jessica slapped the servant just now, but it is obvious that she is taking it out on the servant. In fact, she most wants to hit her.
	Jenny laughed, "Please tell her. She should pretend for a little longer, and I'll leave when the shooting is over. No one cares about her things. Don't think that others will take what she likes to take. She is very likely sick for having a guilty conscience."
	Looking at Jenny’s back, Frankie stands in place, holding painfully the stairs for a long time.
	Things to be like this because he is obedient to his family to have a child. But only for the child, the price he paid is too high.
	He suddenly realizes that he lost the most precious person.
Chapter 135 Making a Clean Break
	When Jenny comes out of the bathroom, she runs into the reckless servant.
	She walks by the bathroom sobbing with red eyes. When she sees Jenny, she looks away as if seeing something scary.
	Taking a few steps, Jenny can’t help to turn back and put a packet of tissue in her hand without saying anything.
	At this time, Jessica has solved this matter like a piece of cake. Two follow directors, two program directors, and several assistants are working with her now to make tea in the kitchen as if nothing has just happened.
	And that figures.
	Jenny knows that Jessica has the ability to sit on the negative new, as she has been working in the entertainment circle for many years. What’s more, she has a capable agent and a rich boyfriend.
	After lunch, those follow directors are having break time. Although they are having a rest, cameras in the room are not turned off which means that they are still being shot.
	Jessica is going to take a nap, so Frankie accompanies her upstairs. And Jenny is playing mobile game downstairs. She doesn’t care whether she will be shot or not.
	When she almost passes the game, she receives a message suddenly.
	“Jenny, there is latest development for what I told you last time. Come to the study.”
	It’s from Frankie
	Jenny’s heart sinks.
	Asking her to go upstairs at this time, with so many cameras at home. It is not like Frankie’ style.
	Or is it actually from Jessica?
	Jenny hesitates for a moment and replies, “do you remember what the tattoo on the back of my neck means?”
	After a while, she receives the text message.
	“It’s the kiss of God.”
	This is what she told Frankie. When she was a child, she went to the beach with some friends after tattooing. She wore swimsuit and her hair was made a bun, so they saw her tattoo on her neck. They made fun of her saying that she was a bad guy.
	At that time, Frankie was there with her comforting her that it was a kiss of God.
	It’s their memory, and Jessica couldn’t have known.
	The corridor outside the study is quiet. She opens the door and walks into the study directly.
	Frankie is there.
	“Are you looking for me?”
	Hearing the door opened, Frankie looks up from his laptop and says, “yes, I was going back to the company. I just checked my email and found that my friend sent me a new clue, so I called you come over here immediately.”
	Jenny goes over hurriedly, “what is the clue?”
	“People whom the Jin’s Wine offended at that time are still unknown, but we found the record at the police station.”
	Frankie looks a little hesitated, “your uncle has a history of drug use, and he was caught twice for fighting in an underground casino.”
	Jenny frowns, “does my uncle have something to do with fake wine?”
	“My friend helps me to investigate what happened in those years. The person who was in charge of this case said that at first, the major suspect was not your dad, but your uncle. But in the end, your dad voluntarily surrendered himself to the police, and then the case was closed directly without going through the formal process.”
	Jenny’s face changes. After a while, she hesitatingly asks, “do you mean that my dad is a whipping boy in this case?”
	“I’m afraid some people wanted to kill with a borrowed sword and do it less obviously. Therefore, they first targeted your uncle as they knew that your dad wouldn’t be hands-off.”
	Yes, Jenny recalls one time when she went home and heard her parents argue.
	They argued about her uncle’s issue, and her grandfather died of heart disease because of her uncle’s arrest. After all of these, her mom cut all ties with her family and had depression.
	It may be her dad’s style to help her uncle out.
	“But I don’t have much evidence right now.”
	Frankie reminds her.
	Jenny looks upset for a while, but she suddenly realizes something,
	“My uncle was sentenced to three years’ imprisonment, so he is about to be released form prison. I’ll go and ask him at that time. Thank you.”
	“You don’t need to be polite to me.”
	Frankie closes his laptop and looks at Jenny gently, like doting a kid, “you just asked me about a kiss of God...”
	He wants to touch her hair like before.
	Jenny suddenly steps back and looks alert, “don’t get me wrong. I just wanted to make sure that it’s you who sent me the text, not other who wants to set me up...”
	“Jenny...”
	“Don’t forget that you have a fiancee and are going to be a father.”
	Jenny reminds him coldly, then steps back two steps to keep a distance, “if there’s nothing else, I have to go now.”
	She doesn’t want to be the subject of gossip.
	“Jenny...”
	Frankie doesn’t want to give up. He stands up and goes over, “I just want to ask you a question.”
	Jenny is surprised and thinks, “damn it, does he want to ask whether I have loved him before?” Sneering, she turns her head and looks at Frankie, “please don’t make it drama. I think it is meaningless, if you ask me whether I have loved you. And my answer won’t be I can’t remember.”
	Frankie looks surprised and grits his teeth for a while, “fine, there’s another question.”
	“Go ahead.”
	“If Jessica is not pregnant and I beak up with her and court you again, would you give me a chance?”
	“No.”
	Jenny doesn’t think about it before giving her answer. Then she turns to open the door. Before leaving the room, she says coldly, “this question is worse than the previous one.”
	She doesn’t understand why Frankie becomes such an asshole.
	It’s either because he is influenced by people around, or because she didn’t find out before.
	Out of the study, she thinks of her decisive answer, suddenly feels that she rocks.
	It has been nearly three months since she found out that she was cheated by him. She finds that her previous painful feeling and hatred has gone. And now she only feels sick seeing them.
	Now she is in the same TV show with Jessica who is simply like other stars that she doesn’t like but not hate. If she still hates her, she would never agree to take part in this show.
	It should be celebrated as she completely let go of her past with Frankie and makes herself free.
	Thinking about it, she can’t help humming.
	“What did you do in Frankie’s study?”
	Jessica suddenly appears from nowhere, blocking her way. And she looks angry
	“Oh my gosh...” Jenny screams out with fright and holds the railing of the stairs subconsciously. Finding that it is Jessica, she is relieved and frowns, “how can you make no sounds when you are walking. Although it is your home, you can’t scare me by suddenly appearing.”
Chapter 136 Who Is the Sinner?
	“What are you scared of if you don’t have an affair with my husband?”
	“What’s wrong with you? Don’t be over suspicious. Frankie just talked to me for something which is none of your business. If you don’t trust me, go and ask him yourself.”
	Jenny glances at Jessica in displeasure and doesn’t feel like telling her anything else. She turns to go downstairs, “don’t turn things upside down.”
	“Stop. You can’t leave before making it clear to me. Here is my house.”
	Hearing that, Jenny feels a firm grasp on her arm which is quite painful, she subconsciously shakes her arm, “let me go.”
	“Ah...”
	Before Jenny realizes it, with a scream, the person on her side falls straight down. The sound of hitting the stairs scares Jenny that she can’t even move.
	That is Jessica.
	She witnesses the whole process that Jessica is screaming and falling downstairs.
	People in the house are startled. Two follow directors in the kitchen runs out with cameras on their shoulders. Frankie’s mom first stands at the door and looks at it confusedly. When she hears someone shouting, “there is blood”, she faints.
	Frankie runs downstairs passing Jenny, and knocks her down.
	All the people gather around Jessica. Jenny’s legs get weak, and she goes downstairs slowly holding handrail. Through the gap between the crowd, she sees Jessica with blood on her face. She opens her eyes looking miserable, and points at her using finger.
	“Jenny, I was just... I was just asking you... Asking you what did Frankie talk with you... How could you push me... Oh, save my baby...”
	Frankie is scared, and screams out like crazy, “where’s the driver? Call 911!”
	He holds Jessica’s hands and says, “Jessica, don’t be afraid, our baby will be safe...”
	“Frankie... Save our baby...”
	“Where is the driver?” Frankie’s eyes are red which scare Jenny. She is holding handrail and could barely stand.
	She looks at her hands unbelievably. Did she just push a pregnant woman downstairs?
	But she didn’t shake her hands hard.
	Frankie carries Jessica in his arms. When he leaves, he looks at Jenny with great grief which makes her cold.
	Cecelia is so scared that she comes over in a panic, “what’s going on? I just went to have a meal. What happened?”
	Jenny is spaced-out.
	“Her skirt is full of blood. Who did it?”
	“Do you think I am the sinner?” Jenny asks sadly. When she asks this question, her legs become weaker and she sits down on the ground.
	“You did it?” Cecelia’s face turns pale with fear.
	...
	In the VIP room of inpatient department of City Maternity Hospital.
	Looking down from the window of the corridor, there is a crowd of people standing outside the hospital.
	Someone disclosed it. Jessica’s miscarriage is known to all in less than an hour. The voice of the netizen is critical, and now even newspapers have released this news.
	One of the pictures is the interior of Frankie’s house showing exactly that many people were around Jessica and Jenny standing on the stairs was pointed by Jessica.
	“Who took the picture and who released it?”
	Outside the operating room, the director of the show comes himself and throws the newspaper in his hands away angrily.
	The director, looking extremely mad, keeps walking in the corridor, “what the hell are you guys doing making such a stupid mistake in our show?”
	When the director scolds, the hospital staff comes to remind him to be quiet in the hospital, and ask them to leave.
	Jenny and Cecelia are sitting in the corridor outside the hospital, waiting for Shawn to come and handle it.
	The operation is finished. And they lost the baby. Jessica hasn’t woken up yet. Frankie is there with her.
	This result is as expected because Jessica bled a lot.
	Frankie’s mom faints in anger. Now she is having an intravenous drip. Frankie just came out and made a phone call. It sounds like his father is on his way.
	Everything is in a mess.
	Jenny buries her head between her knees, and she seemed to be extremely tired and says nothing.
	Cecelia has been browsing the comments on the Internet with her mobile phone. Her mood is getting worse, and she keeps saying, “oh my gosh, we are done. Are these people crazy? How can those trolls bombard your post bar before having come to a conclusion.”
	Although Jenny is not a very popular star, her fans are loyal. They don’t spat with others and set up a post bar for Jenny spontaneously. Jenny’s fans seldom post anything on twitter, but basically focus on the post bar. In here, they would share Jenny’s photos in different activities, or draw some pictures for her.
	Although they behave themselves, they now become the target of netizen. Jenny’s post bar is hacked by a flood of trolls.
	Cecelia can’t not calm herself down in such a situation.
	“Doctor, the patient is awake...”
	Jenny raises her head and looks at the ward. Frankie is standing at the door and calling for the doctor anxiously.
	Then doctors and nurses go to the ward in a hurry. Jenny’s hands clench, and she stands up and walks to the door, looking inside through the window.
	Jessica just opens her eyes and mumbles Frankie’s name.
	“I am here.”
	She holds Frankie’s hand, looks at the ward with empty eyes, and chokes, “Frankie, how is our baby?”
	Frankie stops for a moment, avoiding direct eye contact.
	He doesn’t know what to say. He feels sad for losing the baby which is as strong as how Jessica feels .
	Jessica holds his hand. Her face turns pale and murmurs, “Frankie...”
	“That’s fine. We still can have a baby in the future.”
	Frankie is avoiding eye contact with Jessica. He dares not to say much for fear of revealing his emotions.
	“My baby...” Jessica seemingly can’t believe it and wants to confirm it by seeing the facial expression of the doctors and nurses. But after finding that everyone is sympathetic to her, her face suddenly turns pale and she bursts into tears, “no! I can’t accept that. Our baby is very healthy. I just had a pregnancy test. Frankie...” She starts coughing.
	She cries breathlessly, and her hands holding Frankie are almost having spasm. Finally, the doctor has no choice but sedates her. And then she falls asleep.
	“Frankie, come with me. I need to tell you about the patient’s condition.”
	Mr. Thomson sighs and looks at Jessica meaningfully as he leaves. He seems to be torn between.
Chapter 137 You’re a Jinx
	“She is not good. It is not easy for her to have a baby. Now she miscarries, and I’m afraid that it will be difficult for her to get pregnant again.”
	When the doctor says this, Jenny is standing beside them. Hearing that, she feels a sudden weakness in her legs which makes her stumble into Cecelia’s arm.
	She knows better than anyone how eager Frankie is to have a baby.
	It was because he really wants to be a father, he cheated on her and broke up with her.
	Now he is told that his fiancee may not be able to conceive again. He can’t accept this cruel truth. Jenny can’t imagine what she has done to Jessica.
	After the doctor leaves, Frankie stands in a daze for a moment, then sits down on the bench outside the ward for a long time. His eyes are dim and shirt is loose which makes him look terrible.
	“I’m sorry...” Jenny knows that her apology is useless at this time, but she doesn’t know what else can she say.
	“Do you know how eager my family and I are to have this baby...” Frankie says in a low voice. He keeps his head down and no one could see his expression.
	Jenny breaks away Cecelia’s hands, stands against the wall, and bites her lip nervously, “I know.”
	At the beginning, Frankie’s mother liked Jenny very much, but it was because she didn’t want to get married soon or make her relationship with Frankie public, which made Frankie’s family very angry. After Jenny, Jessica’s presence like the rainbow after rain.
	“You should leave now. Jessica won’t want to see you,” Frankie seems to have made a hard decision. He looks up at Jenny and says.
	Jenny grabs the pocket of her clothes, not knowing what to say.
	“It’s okay. I know you didn’t mean to.”
	Frankie pats her on the shoulder and turns into the ward.
	Jenny opens her mouth and wants to explain something, but she knows that it is not a right time or right decision to make any explanation now. So she says nothing.
	She didn’t push Jessica. Just now she thought about what had happened carefully. Clearly Jessica came to pull her first, and then she shook her arm. At that time, her position was closer to the stairs than Jessica’s. It’s impossible that she would fall down from that position.
	But no one would believe that she would make use of her own baby.
	In addition, Jessica has to rely on that baby to be Frankie’s wife.
	Even Jenny couldn’t believe it neither.
	“What shall we do now?”
	Cecelia stands on the side, feeling nervous, “there are so many reporters outside, we can’t get out.”
	“We should wait for Shawn first."
	Jenny takes a deep breath, trying to keep a clear head.
	Today, Shawn accompanies Elizabeth to the the opening ceremony of the filming. She couldn’t come back immediately. When the accident happened, she called and said that she would come as soon as possible, and asked them to stay in the hospital and turn off their mobile phones.
	Just now, Cecelia turned on her phone. And she was bombarded by different messages and missed calls, which made her turn off the mobile phone rapidly.
	“Jenny, don’t be upset. After all, now you can occupy the headlines that other stars dream of again.”
	Cecelia tries to comfort Jenny.
	Jenny looks even worse, “like a third-line actress pushed her best friend down the stairs and made her miscarriage?”
	Cecelia gulps, looking embarrassed.
	She asks cautiously, “what’s the truth? Did you push Jessica?”
	There are always gossips about Jessica is the other woman between Jenny and Frankie. They used to always be together. Since the relationship between Frankie and Jessica was disclosed , everything has changed.
	Cecelia now is extremely curious.
	“If I say I didn’t push her and she fell down by herself. Does anyone believe it?”
	“You didn’t do it?”
	“You don’t believe it, do you?” Jenny says with a wry smile.
	She is in a difficult situation.
	“No... I mean...” Cecelia quickly stands up and waves her hands, being incoherent.
	She pats her thigh anxiously, “if you didn’t push her, she should explain it. Now everyone thinks you’ve acquiesced.”
	“It’s no use explaining.”
	Besides, it was much more important to save Jessica and her baby than to listen to her explanation just now.
	She doesn’t like Jessica, but the baby was innocent. She does not want to waste time on it. Even though she has explained it, but they still lost the baby.
	She hopes that she could live up to her conscience.
	Ironically, no one now believes in her conscience.
	Cecelia glares at Jenny for a long time. Finally, she sits down beside her and cries out, “Shawn, come and help us! We are so unlucky. This show brings us bad luck. Last time you went into trouble with Michael, and now you are believed to have pushed Jessica. Oh my gosh, we are done!”
	Hearing Cecelia’s complain, Jenny feels better instead.
	She had so many negative news before, but still can live well now. She still can do movies, be in the shows or featured in the advertisements. Her life is still going on.
	Thinking in this way, it’s seemingly not a big deal.
	It is dark when Shawn arrives. Outside the hospital, there are a lot of Jessica’s fans holding light boards and hoping to bring fair back to Jessica, which has seriously affected the traffic.
	The leaders of the hospital gather here, saying that those fans have influenced other patients. They hope that the person who causes everything could go out and explain to the fans.
	When they are deliberating at the door, the elevator door open, and a person runs out.
	Jenny suddenly could not see anything and could only hear a buzz.
	“Jenny, I hate you...”
	The sound of slap resounds in the corridor.
	Frankie’s mom gives her a stinging slap across Jenny’s face leaving a long nail scratch on her face.
	People who realize what has happened quickly takes Frankie’s mom away. Her hair is messy, her feet are kicking in the air, and she keeps mumbling,
	“Jenny, you hate Jessica and want to kill her baby because Frankie didn’t choose you. You are vicious!”
	Staff of hospital originally did not know what has happened. After seeing that, they completely understand.
	Jenny fumbles her face and feels blood.
	“That’s enough. Who is this crazy woman? Where is the hospital security guards? Come and take her away...” Shawn stands in front of Jenny and yells.
	“Take me away? Bah! Jenny, let me tell you Jessica can’t get pregnant again because of you. You’re a jinx. You not only bring bad luck to your parents but also to us.”
	Frankie’s mother tearfully accuses Jenny of her crime.
	Jenny can only hear buzzing. She looks down at the blood on her hand and feels dizzy.
Chapter 138 A knight in Shining Armour
	Frankie’s mother’s slap makes Jenny shocked.
	If Shawn hasn’t stopped her, his mother may continue.
	“Where’s the security guard? Come here right now!” Shawn’s voice rings through the corridor.
	Jenny knows that Shawn is trying to shift people’s attention, and overwhelm what Frankie’s mother said just now.
	But at this time, it is impossible to do so as everyone is paying attention to this matter.
	“Let go of her,” Jenny clenches her hands, in which there is blood, and breaks away arms holding her, “can we have a talk?”
	“She is crazy, and she won’t talk with you.” Cecelia tries to stop Jenny.
	She raises her hand and tries to stop Cecelia saying more.
	Shawn looks back at Jenny, frowns, and asks the two strong men who are the staff of the show to let go of Frankie’s mother. However, she is still keeping an eye on her, for fear that she will hurt Jenny.
	“Aunt, believe it or not, I didn’t push Jessica.”
	“Bah! If it was not you, whom it could be? Do you mean that she jumps downstairs herself?” Frankie’s mother looks furious, points to Jenny’s nose and scolds, “don’t lie to me. I can judge it myself. I saw Jessica fell on the floor covered in blood. No one would be so careless for the sake of her own baby.”
	“We had argument at that time. She pulled me first, and then I just shook my hand.”
	“Argument? How could you argue with Jessica? Don’t you know that she’s pregnant?”
	Frankie’s mother suddenly takes a step nearer, looking mad.
	“You said you don’t want to marry Frankie or have a baby. We didn’t force you to do so and just thought that we were not good enough for you. Now Frankie finally moves on. Can you please let him go? You are so vicious that you should go to hell.”
	Jenny stops for a moment and holds her own hands, trying to calm herself down.
	“Aunt, I admit that I am responsible for this matter. I shouldn’t have an argument with Jessica. But it is pure slander that I pushed her. As for what you said before, I am so over your son.”
	“Bah! Why did you go upstairs today if you are over him? I saw you from the kitchen. You went to my son’s study furtively. You still like him.”
	“No...”
	“Stop lying. I’ve seen everything. It was you who went to his study. Frankie won’t ask you to come. It must be you wanting to seduce him. Because you didn’t succeed, you vented anger on her baby. How vicious you are!”
	After saying this, Frankie’s mother takes another step nearer.
	Jenny is trembling with rage, and says, “It’s just your conjecture. You can’t slander me maliciously. I did nothing. And I won’t be afraid of it.”
	“Most girls working in the entertainment industry are snakes. They will have sex with directors or investor. I know that there are a lot of tidbits about you. Jenny, you should feel sorry to your dad. I think you’re like your mom, you both are shameless snakes...”
	Frankie’s mother suddenly takes a step forward, raises her hand and grabs Jenny’s collar. What she said is more and more offensive. When Jenny hears that she bad-mouths her mom and dad, she freezes, as if there is a basin of cold water poured down from her head. She angrily pushes Frankie’s mother away and yells,
	“What right do you have to judge my mom!”
	“You dare to push me?” Frankie’s mother is furious, staring at Jenny and raising her hand. She is going to slap her.
	The exclamation of the crowd overwhelms the previous noises.
	Jenny subconsciously closes her eyes.
	Her face does not feel the expected pain, but only the pain of the scratches. She seems to hear the people around her taking a deep breath.
	She hears a cold voice, as if the god comes to help.
	“How can this hospital be awarded as a third-level grade-A hospital with such a terrible security. I think it should be reviewed again.”
	When Jenny opens her eyes, she sees Luke grasping Frankie’s mother’s wrist with one hand. His face is gloomy. And he says that slowly, making everyone shut up.
	He shakes Frankie’s mother’s hand away impatiently and snorts, “What the hell is Hill Group in X City? How dare you trouble the staff of Luke Up Group?”
	Frankie’s mother is shocked hearing the name “Luke Up Group” and looks at Luke embarrassedly, “are you Mr. Lu?”
	At this time, Frankie just comes back grocery store buying some bottles of water. Seeing that, he immediately knows what has happened. He quickly apologizes and wants to takes his mother away.
	“So did your mom teach you to leave after slapping others?”
	Luke tides up the golden buttons on the cuffs of his suit patiently. He walks towards them with an overwhelming aura. He looks down at them like an iceberg. His tone of voice is without mercy.
	“Mr. Lu, my mother was just too worried. I apologize to Jenny for her. And I’ll explain the whole thing to my mom clearly. She doesn’t know the truth.”
	Frankie, protecting his mother, looks complicated.
	He doesn’t expect that things would go in this way.
	“You can apologize for your mom as she was so worried that she slapped Jenny. Like wise can I apologize for my staff to hit her back for Jenny?”
	“Mr. Lu...” Frankie takes a deep breath, “Jenny is my friend and family member. And It’s my family business. You’d better not interfere.”
	After Frankie says this, everyone gasps.
	How dare he. The Lu is the most powerful family in X City. Frankie now is challenging Luke’s authority.
	People around have a meaningful look. This matter is not serious enough to let Mr. Lu come to the hospital himself to deal with. Seeing this situation, it is afraid that the rumor is true. The relationship between Jenny and Mr. Lu is different.
	“Jessica is your fiancee. Jenny has nothing to do with you.”
	“She...” Frankie says in a low voice, “she’s my sister.”
	Luke sneers, as if hearing a joke. He leans slightly, looks at the outside through the window, and says in a cold voice, “why not tell those fans downstairs.”
	Following Luke’s eyes, Frankie looks at the window of the corridor, and can still hears the noises outside.
	He freezes and doesn’t how to respond for a moment.
	“If you don’t want to make a big deal, leave with your mother now and shut up. Don’t say anything. Let the company take care of it.”
	Frankie looks at Luke feeling like he has swallowed a fly.
	He doesn’t intend to embarrass Jenny, but his mother suddenly comes out to disrupt which makes him seemingly become the bad guy.
	Luke coldly glances at the people here and says, “Please keep silent on this matter before Luke Up Group makes a statement.”
	“Okay...”
	“Don’t worry, Mr. Lu.”
Chapter 139 Take You to a Safe Place
	Shawn is worried that Jenny couldn’t leave the hospital safely. She stays with her until the scratch on her face is treated. It is not big, but it bled a lot. The scratch is on her forehead and glabellum. The doctor gives her an injection and then pastes a piece of gauze on it.
	“Will it leave a scar,” asks Shawn, being worried.
	“No. It is not so serious. It’s just that you should pay attention to eat light, keep it from water and change the medicine once every two days. It would scab within a week.”
	After hearing that, Shawn feels relieved and looks up at Jenny, “that’s great. I’ve rescheduled your works in these two days. You can have a good rest at home and don’t go anywhere.”
	Jenny nods and wants to touch her face, but Shawn stops her.
	“Don’t touch it. Follow what doctor has told you before.”
	Shawn keeps muttering when they go out of the treatment room. And then Jenny looks up and sees Tom who shows up like a savior. She says, “Shawn, Mr. Lu’s bodyguard will take me out of the hospital. For the sake of your own safety, you’d be better not with me, or you will be pelted big eggs.”
	“How could you still jest in this time?” Shawn glares at her, “although I want to be with you, I don’t have time. Elizabeth has taken an advertisement. I have to talk about the price in dinner. So I should go.”
	Seeing Shawn off, Jenny’s smile fades. She looks at Tom and says, “thanks.”
	Tom still looks cool. He nods and takes her out from the back door of the hospital.
	Jessica has a large number of fans. Even they leave from the back door, she is still mobbed by them. There are no bad eggs, but there is shouting and curse. Tom tries his best to protect Jenny in the crowd alone.
	“Jenny, you are a shameless woman.”
	“You should apologize to Jessica.”
	“You must kneel down and repent...”
	“Bitch!”
	Jenny hears these words, feeling sad.
	After getting into the car, Tom sits next to her, tides up his coat, looks at her and says in a deep voice, “Don’t listen to that.”
	Jenny is stunned and soon realizes that he wants to comfort her.
	She says with a forced smile, “it’s OK, I have get used to it. Did you get hurt?”
	“No.”
	Tom, looking calm, clutches his hand and hides it in his sleeve, as there are two scratches on the back of his hand.
	After driving through two blocks, the driver pulls the car into the underground parking lot of a shopping mall. When seeing a man in black waving, he stops the car near him.
	Jenny looks out of the window puzzled and doesn’t know what is going on.
	The car door of her side is suddenly opened from the outside. The man in Black says respectfully, “Miss Jin, please get off the car.”
	“What...” Jenny glances anxiously at Tom by her side.
	He nods, indicating that it is fine, and says, “change a car for safety.”
	Jenny breathes a sigh of relief. The man in black opens the door of another sports car, holds the door and looks at Jenny.
	After seeing clearly the person sitting in the car, she clenches the bag in her hand.
	It’s Luke.
	Is he waiting for her?
	The sports car is flying on the high way. Jenny doesn’t know where Luke is going to bring her, and she doesn’t dare to ask.
	She always feels that there is a huge gap between Luke and her. Although this feeling is simply based on her conjectures, she is still afraid of him. She is afraid of such a cold-blooded man that she has no ways to deal with.
	She feels that her relationship with Luke is like the highway in front of her. She doesn’t know where the car is going, what kind of weather and scenery she would encounter, but it seems that Luke already knows everything.
	Every time she tries to get off track, there will be a storm.
	It is the first time seeing Luke drive car. The two-seater sports car runs smoothly. His posture of holding the steering wheel makes her have a sense of security. His long fingers are gripping the steering wheel and he looks straight ahead. There is sunshine on his side face.
	In the sunshine, the sharp contour of his face seems to be softened.
	“Where are we going?” At last she could not help asking.
	“A safe place.”
	“Where is it? In X City? I still need to handle the things about Jessica. I can’t go too far.”
	“You don’t need to worry about that.”
	Luke frowns and interrupts her, “you are a star of our company. Naturally, it’s your responsibility to help you handle all kinds of problems.”
	So it’s just because of work? Isn’t there any other reason?
	They stop talking.
	Jenny leans back on the seat again, and takes out her spare private mobile phone from her pocket. Only a few people know the number. She turned off the machine when she was in the hospital. Now, she switches on the phone and prepares to make a phone call with Victoria.
	She must have also seen the news. If she doesn’t contact her, she would be worried.
	Not long after the phone is turned on, messages and missed calls pop up, including Victoria’s and Adan’s.
	Jenny sends Victoria a message, “don’t worry, I’m fine now.”
	No sooner has the text been sent than Adan calls her again.
	She takes a look at Luke, hesitates, and answers the phone.
	Adan sounds worried, “Jenny, I read the news. Where are you now? Are you mobbed by reporters?”
	“Adan, I’m fine. Don’t worry.”
	After saying that, she feels that the car suddenly accelerates and its speed is going to exceed the speed limit.
	“Where are you now? I’ll pick you up. It’s not safe anywhere. I have a house in the suburbs. You can go and stay there for a while. I will handle everything for you,”
	“No, thanks.” Jenny takes a deep breath and says quickly, “I’m with Mr. Lu now. He will protect me.”
	“Luke?”
	He doesn’t say anything for a while. He seemingly hesitates for a moment, but still doesn’t ask anything at last. He just says with loss and doubt, “it’s OK. Please call me if you have any troubles.”
	“Okay.”
	When she hangs up, Jenny grabs the seat belt, swallows and whispers, “can you please slow down. I’m dizzy.”
	“Why didn’t you feel dizzy when you called him?” Luke says coldly.
	Jenny feels funny, “so you get mad for this? I have told Adan that I am with you...”
	He brakes suddenly, which shuts her up immediately. If it is not for the safety belt, she would have been hurled. She screams out and looks at Luke fearfully.
	He says coldly, “I have said before, I don’t like the intimate way that you talk with him.”
Chapter 140 Breaking Into the Entertainment Market In the Mainland China
	He did.
	Thinking of his cold eyes and his cruel move that night, she gets chills all over the body.
	“What are you afraid of?”
	Luke frowns in displeasure.
	Jenny leans against the place between the back of the seat and the door and grasps the seat belt firmly.
	She doesn’t know what she’s afraid of. She has done everything that they could do with Luke. What can she be afraid of?
	“It’s not so easy for Adan to break into the entertainment market in the mainland China. If he wants to help you, he can’t just talk about it. I want you to know that.”
	Luke looks away and starts the car again, as if the man who treated her coldly is not him.
	Jenny stares at him. It takes a long while for her to get over.
	Thinking of what has happened today, she has figured it out thoroughly and says in a deep voice,
	“I didn’t push Jessica. She fell herself.”
	“I know.”
	When she hears his answer, Jenny looks up and asks, “so you believe me?”
	So far, even Shawn and Cecelia could not fully believe in her, because she has admitted that she had an argument with Jessica before. They think that she pushed Jessica during their argument, even if she didn’t mean to do it. Undoubtedly, Luke is the first one believing in her.
	“If you were bold enough to do it, you wouldn’t bear to be slapped just now.”
	Luke glances at the rear-view mirror and sees the gauze on her forehead. His eyes look even colder.
	How Hill Group, a small potato, dares to offend his girl.
	Luke doesn’t own a lot of real estate in the suburbs in X City. The value-added speed of suburban real estate is too slow, which can’t even cover the cost of maintenance. But the one they are going to was bought for vacation.
	It is isolated.
	It’s near the lake which is of European style. The house is very old. Although it is winter now, there are still Boston ivy clinging to the wall. It’s easy to imagine that how flourish it is in summer.
	There are no servants here, and Luke seldom come. When he bought it, he intended to use it for summer resort. After all, it is a nice place. However, he is busy in working, so the house is idle.
	“Go open the door.”
	Luke gives Jenny the key.
	Jenny gets out of the car with the key, steps on the soft ground, and looks at it in surprise. It’s so wet that there is mossy.
	Through the iron gate, there are many weeds. A dark brown wooden door is facing the cobblestone road. The yard is large. There is a fountain, but it seems that it has not been used for a long time, and in which there are dirty water and many unknown plant.
	When she opens the door, Jenny suddenly feels that there would be some monsters locked inside. She is holding a flashlight with her mobile phone, and it takes her a long while to insert the key into the lock hole.
	Finally, she unlocks it. She turns the doorknob, and pushes the door. A gust of wind blows over bring the dust which makes her cough.
	“Ahem...”
	It must be vacant for a long time?
	She raises her arm and waves, trying to get rid of the dust.
	Luke comes in, gropes to turn on the light. Now they can see clearly.
	The trunk makes a long mark on the ground. After two steps, he takes out a handkerchief, covers his mouth and stops going.
	Although it is not cobwebbed, but it is so dusty that people can’t stay in.
	“How long has this house been vacant?” Jenny turns and looks at him.
	Seeing his facial expression, she immediately bursts into laughter, “come on, didn’t you expect it?”
	Luke puts down his luggage, turns around and goes out.
	“Hey...”
	Jenny follows him, “where are you going? Are you going to leave me here alone?”
	It is dark, and she doesn’t want to be here alone.
	And then she hears a violent cough at the door.
	She suddenly remembers that Luke is allergic to the dust.
	“Are you OK?” She moves closer, hesitates for a moment, turns back to the car, takes bottle of water and hands it to him.
	Luke drinks several and his face turns pale.
	He is really allergic to the dust. Jenny finally believes it.
	“What now?”
	Sitting in the car, they look at the house with the door wide open. If Luke doesn’t have this strange allergy, they can still just go in and clean up for staying one night. The problem now is that he can’t go in there at all.
	“I’ll make a call.” Luke takes out his cell phone dialing a number.
	“I’m in the LH Villa. Get someone to clean up the house now.”
	“...”
	“Yes, now.”
	“Are you kidding me? Shoot! I’m on a business trip...”
	There is a clamor from the cell phone, even Jenny could hear it.
	This voice sounds familiar to her, and what surprises her is that who dares to yell at Luke like that.
	“I need someone to clean the house and let me have a place to sleep within two hours, that’s it.”
	After that, he hangs up.
	He leaves no room for other to negotiate.
	“You can have a nap now, and I’ll call you after two hours.”
	Luke says with a nasal voice. Maybe it is because of the dust. At this moment, he seems subdued.
	Suddenly, Jenny feels funny.
	Who can image that he will be beaten by a dust?
	Although the air conditioner is turned on in the car, it is stuffy and hot after staying for a while. Jenny couldn’t stands it, “you can have a rest. I want to go around.”
	The lights in the house are all good, so she is not afraid. She didn’t see how was the inside of the house just now. It seems that there is a record player. She is a little curious as she had one at home before. She wants to have a look at it.
	After getting out of the car, she walks into the house, fearing to break the silence of the night.
	The light in the house is yellow, probably because it’s the old-fashioned electric bulb, which makes the house less bright.
	The record player is placed in the corner with a dust cloth on it. It only covers the half of it, which makes the other half having a lot of dust.
	Jenny blows the dust off it, and then picks out a record from one of the boxes and put it in the record player.
	She powers it on, put on the needle, the player shakes twice, and then the record turns leisurely.
	“At the night, there is a quiet song...”
	There is a pure and sweet voice coming out from the loudspeaker. It’s sound make her feel leisure and think of the her childhood.
	Jenny stands by the record player, thinking a lot of things.
	Outside the house, in the car, Luke is stunned when hearing the sound of the record. His face shows a strange expression which seems like a warm smile.
	There is a sudden crash in the house, breaking the peace.
Chapter 141 Little Cute
	Without any hesitation, Luke opens the door of the car quickly and runs into the house. He finds where Jenny is quickly, and then goes towards her with rapid pace.
	“What’s going on?”
	He squats down on the ground holding Jenny’s shoulder. As soon as she meets his arm, she throws herself into his arms. Their breath are quick and uneven.
	Luke freezes in surprise, strokes her back hesitantly and comforts her in a low voice.
	Jenny frowns and buries herself in his warm arms. She is holding her feet in pain with another hand. After a long time, she raises her head and timidly looks at the ornament on her side.
	Following her eyes, Luke finds a sculpture that has just fallen off the table and hit her foot.
	“Did you get hurt? How did it fall?”
	Jenny shakes her head being fearful.
	Something seems to be moving on the sofa.
	Luke is a little surprised and he holds Jenny up.
	The furniture at home is covered with white dust cloth, and it is hiding under the cloth.
	As he lifts the dust cloth, Luke is surprised and slowly puts down his golf club.
	A little dark gray cat huddles under the dust cloth, turning its eyes timidly at the two “giant” creatures in front of it.
	It is scared looking like how Jenny just was.
	“Oh, it’s a kitten,” Jenny exclaims, feels relieved, and smiles happily.
	Luke stands by her side and watches her play with the kitten. His eyes become soft.
	“Why is it here?” Jenny looks up and asks Luke.
	Luke covers his mouth with a handkerchief, and glances at the wide open door of the house.
	Obviously, it just sneaked in.
	“What a lovely kitten...”
	“Is it hungry?”
	“I’ll get it something to eat.”
	Looking at Jenny being busy, Luke doesn’t say anything, and just let her do want she wants to do. But the little kitten is poor under Jenny’s “care”. It’s seemingly still unweaned, while Jenny tries to feed it with a packet of biscuits. Naturally the kitten doesn’t eat it.
	After a while, Jenny is a little worried and asks Luke for help, “why doesn’t it eat?”
	Luke frowns, turns and takes a bottle of water from the car, then comes out from the kitchen with a plate. He squats down in front of Jenny, crushes the biscuits and soaks them in the water. The kitten hesitates for a few times, but still doesn’t eat.
	Luke is a little embarrassed.
	Jenny also feels upset.
	The little cat meows, and somehow touches the biscuit with its paw. Then it withdraws its paw and licks it. It is stunned for a moment, and then hesitates to move to the side of the plate, smelling the milk flavor of the biscuits, and then begins to eat.
	“It eats...” Suddenly, there is a flash in Jenny’s eyes, with her two dimples deeper.
	Luke smiles and looks at the kitten eating with its head down. It is rare to see his tenderness.
	“You are so cute, what shall I call you?”
	“Meow...”
	“What about Little Cute?” Jenny stares at the kitten, as if to seek its approval. However, the kitten is so absorbed in its dinner that it doesn’t pay any attention to her.
	She turns to look at Luke, “what do you think?”
	Luke looks down at them and says, “good.”
	“Meow...” The kitten, who is eating, raises its head and meows at Luke.
	With its unexpected presence, it becomes easy for them to spend two hours.
	The cleaners Luke called soon clean the house up. Jenny takes Little Cute to the car to have a rest, while Luke is taking a walk in the yard.
	The cleaners are still cleaning the house. They have cleaned up the living room, a bedroom on the first floor, and the kitchen. The rest may be cleaned up the next day.
	Luke walks in the yard and looks at the lights of the car nearby. Looking tired, he sits on the steps, lights a cigarette and begins to smoke.
	He is not addicted to smoking. He would only smokes when he is upset. He used to smoke rarely, but recently he smokes frequently.
	He seems to have no idea in Jenny.
	Knowing clearly that their marriage is conditional, he still agreed without even asking what the conditions were. It is not supposed to be happened in him as a wise businessman.
	“Meow...”
	There is a sweet sound at his feet.
	Luke’s eyes are a little deeper, and he subconsciously set his feet backward.
	Then he sees a pair of round and shining eyes in the night.
	Little Cute squats in front of him. It is not as big as his palm. It seems that he is not afraid of him at all. Meowing, it keeps rubbing against his trousers.
	What a clingy kitten.
	It rubs against people without knowing know who he is, and follows people simply because they gave it food. It’s such a silly cat. The one who has fallen asleep in the car is similar. She got married with him like a fool.
	And he is wondering if she regrets now.
	“Meow...”
	Little Cute meows again and tries to grab his trousers, wanting to climb up.
	It suddenly occurs to him that when Jenny is drunk, she would rub herself against him too. However, as time goes by, she begins to make a clean break with him. His face clouds, and he suddenly stands up, making Little Cute fall down. He pats the ash on his body, and keeps a distance from Little Cute.
	When he wants something, he will get it by any kinds of means. After getting it, unless he doesn’t want it anymore, or it should belong to him until he dies.
	He admits that Jenny now has become one of his few weaknesses, and he could do nothing about it.
	Little Cute hides in the corner for a long time. Seeing that Luke doesn’t move again, it immediately follows him. But this time, it dares not to approach him casually and keeps a distance.
	His father used to teach him to make others feel distanced from him, and it is quite easy for him.
	But he doesn’t know how to have an intimate relationship with others, and no one has taught him that.
	He goes to the window of the car and looks at the sleeping woman in the car, feeling blue.
	Jenny is asleep. At first, she didn’t sleep well as she always felt pain in her waist. Later, it seems that someone calls her name. Then, there is a chill creeping over her body, and she meets a warm embrace and throws herself in it.
	She hears the sound of meow and the familiar breath, and collapses on the soft bed. In her dream, someone helps her take off her coat and covers her with quilt. She turns over several times, and finally finds the familiar smell in the quilt and falls asleep with a big “heater”.
Chapter 142 A Total Mess
	Late at night, in the City Maternity Hospital of X City.
	Frankie’s mother sits next to Jessica’s bed, crying.
	“How can I not be sad for losing my grandson? You can’t blame me for beating her, and I don’t regret for what I did. I hate her. After her father died, we did our best to help her family. Unexpectedly, her mother took drug. Now she turns a blind eye to what we have done and bites the hand that feeds her...”
	“Well, mom, it has nothing to with what has happened today. Stop talking anything about Jenny’s family again.”
	Frankie interrupts his mother impatiently.
	Frankie’s mother stares at him tearfully, “of course it has anything to do with this matter. If she was willing to marry you and have your baby, things would be totally different now. You have asked me not to give her a hard time and promised me to get married and have baby early. Now it’s all gone. She is jealous of our happiness and destroys it. Alas!”
	Thinking of what the doctor said about Jessica’s inability to have another baby, Frankie’s mother is more worried. She looks at the sleeping woman in the bed, stands up and pulls Frankie aside, “Frankie, is Jessica really infertile?”
	“Seriously? It’s not the right time to talk about this.”
	“You guys haven’t got marriage certificate yet. If you marry her, everything would be cut-and-dried. Think it twice. Anyway, we can make a good compensation to Jessica.”
	“Mom...” Frankie is shocked and can’t believe it, “are you joking?”
	“Kid, I am serious. Jessica can’t have a baby anymore, and our family can’t accept that. If Jenny was willing to have your baby before, she would have been your wife. Anyway, I always say that your wife should be someone who can have your children. And Jessica certainly can’t”
	“Mom, are you crazy? I am not that kind of person!”
	“If you’re my son, you must listen to me. We’ll make up for it.”
	Frankie is mad, and vents today’s anger on his mom. He raises his voice and ask, “if you didn’t force me to have a baby, I wouldn’t have got anxious and broke up with Jenny, and everything today wouldn’t have happened. Now you find that Jessica can’t have children and force me to break up with her. How many times will you be satisfied by doing the same thing. Are you not afraid that it’s retribution?”
	“Are you blaming me?” Frankie's mother’s face changes and looks at her son in disbelief.
	“I...”
	Frankie frowns and doesn’t not what to say for a moment.
	“I am doing this for your own good. How can you blame me for a woman.”
	Frankie is nervous when he saw his mother is in tears. He has never talked to his mother like this before, let alone argument. He turns his head, frowns and ponders for a long time, “mom, it is not what I mean..”
	“Do what you like. I don’t care...” Frankie’s mother is angry. She turns, slams the door and leaves, making a loud noise.
	Frankie is stunned at first, and then he hammers the wall furiously, and his face gradually becomes tired.
	On the bed, Jessica’s eyelids flutter. She closes her mouth tightly, grits her teeth, and looks gloomy.
	The next morning, a flood of news occupies the headlines of entertainment sections of media.
	“Jessica’s best friend steals her fiance.”
	“The best actress was framed by a C-list star which resulted in her miscarriage.”
	“Watch out for your best friend! Uncover the story between Jessica and a C-list star.”
	There are numerous these kinds of headlines to catch the public’s eyes.
	But at the same time, there is another version.
	“Childhood sweethearts eventually become strangers.”
	“Jessica takes drama into her life.”
	“Real pregnancy or false abortion? The old trick of marrying into the purple.”
	In particular, the article of the last headline has the highest click rate which has much browsers than others.
	People’s opinions are polarized.
	In the Public Relations Department of Jade Pictures.
	“Shawn, I’ve contacted them, but they won’t delete it.”
	“Call others! It is no use to complain to me,” Shawn looks up from the phone, glances at the salesman, and then answers the phone,
	“I’m sorry, we can’t reach Jenny right now. So we can’t respond.”
	“Sorry, we have nothing to say.”
	“Sorry, you have the wrong number.”
	Shawn is bombarded by different calls. She turns off the phone in anger, throws it on the table and says, “reports now are all pushovers. Do they have brain?”
	Seeing Shawn is angry, Cecelia dares not to say anything.
	It happened right under her nose and she is ready to be fired.
	“What about the video? I want the footage.”
	Shawn yells in the PR office.
	The salesman puts down the phone and answers weakly, “the staff of the show refused to give it. He said that the show had not been broadcast. If he gave it to me, the show would be spoiled. They...”
	“What the hell! It is emergency now. How could they... Give me the phone...”
	Shawn grabs the phone and says, “hello Director Li, it’s me. Yes, I’m Shawn...”
	“...”
	“Can you please give it to me. You see, it now develops in a big way. If you don’t show the public the video, Jenny’s reputation would be bad.”
	“...”
	“Next month? No! In next month, things will be cut-and-dried and no one would like to listen to our explanation at that time. No matter what we say, no one will trust us. I believe that you understand my difficulty... Hello? Director Li...”
	“...”
	“Shit. Damn it.” Shawn throws the phone and says dirty words in a rage, “they pretend to be nice to us when nothing happens, and now they show their true color.”
	Mimi from the office runs over with her mobile phone and pops her head up in the public relations department, “something happens...”
	Cecelia, who is closest to the door of the office, stands up immediately and asks, “What has happened?”
	“A few of Jessica’s friends tweeted to support her. It seems that they are going to bad-mouth Jenny.”
	Hearing this, Cecelia is so worried that she catches a glimpse of Shawn, who is about to be burned up, and pulls Mimi out of the office quickly.
	“You can’t talk about it in front of Shawn now. Mimi, do you want to see me die?”
	Mimi laughs, “I am on your side, okay? Jenny helped me before. I’m going to repay her.”
	“Do you have any idea?” Cecelia looks at Mimi with round eyes.
Chapter 143 Memories in The Old House
	“Ask Jessica’s agent Tony,” Michelle looks at Cecelia, “we work in the same company, and have no conflict of interest. Go to Tony, he might help you to ask to Jessica let Jenny go.”
	“Will it work?” Cecelia frowns, “she lost her baby. I don’t think she will agree to help Jenny.”
	“She is still in the hospital. And Tony controls her Facebook account. I am not asking you to go to Jessica, you can just talk to Tony as he could use Jessica’s account to post a statement. This matter is half done as long as her fans are persuaded.”
	“ Are you sure?”
	“It’s simply my advice. Taking it or not is up to you.”
	Cecelia stands at the door of the public relations department and looks at Shawn, who is angry, through the glass. Thinking that she may lose her job, she decides to make every possible effort.”
	…
	Jenny turns a blind eye to the comments online.
	It is only at dawn that Jenny realizes how remote this house is.
	They came at night. At that time it was dark, she could only see a house which was covered with yellow Boston ivy, and the yard was overgrown with weeds. After waking up during the day, she takes a look at the window. Jenny is surprised, and couldn’t believe where she stays in.
	Seeing outside from the window of the bedroom, there is a lake with clear water. Although it is Autumn now, it is not bleak. This house is situated on a hillside, looking outside from another window, there are winding lands. No wonder that the car bumped along the road last night.
	It may be the only house in ten miles.
	When she goes downstairs, the cleaners have just left, and the house is bright and clean. Except for the bedroom, the windows and doors of the house are open to ventilate, which makes her feel chilly. A gust of wind comes in, and she couldn’t help sneezing.
	She shrinks her neck and wraps up in the shawl she has just taken on the bed.
	“It’s cold here. You should wear more.”
	Luke’s voice comes from behind. With the temperature of his coat on her shoulder, his voice sounds less cold than before.
	She sniffs and turns around subconsciously, only to see a completely different Luke.
	Wearing a beige gray sweater and light brown casual pants, he looks mild.
	The premise is that he doesn’t speak.
	“You did not wear suit?”
	“There is no suit. The clothes will be delivered tomorrow,” says Luke
	“What you wear is...”
	Luke frowns slightly, and he answers after a while, “it’s my brother’s.”
	Jenny's face freezes for a few seconds, and then she says, “What should I wear today...”
	The clothes on her body exude an indescribable smell, and she didn’t take a bath last night, which is quite unacceptable for her.
	Luke looks at her with a frown, closes the book in his hand, turns around and says, “follow me.”
	There is a large cloakroom on the second floor, inside which there are two rows of cabinets. When she enters the room, she can smell a faint aroma of incense.
	Jenny is very familiar with this smell. When she was studying in Melbourne, the landlord’s was always not at home. This kind of incense was used in the wardrobe at home to keep the clothes clean and tidy all the year round.
	It’s no wonder that she just smelled this smell from Luke.
	There are men’s coats hanging in cabinets, all of which are casual. Spring and summer’ clothes are in one side of the cabinet, autumn and winter’ clothes are in the another side. There are sweaters and trousers of various colors.
	“These are not like Luke’s style. So these must be his brother’s clothes.” Jenny thinks to herself.
	“This one is smaller. Try it.” Luke takes a suit out of the cabinet and hands it to her which is black. He hands her a loose sweater, trousers and a pair of sneakers. They are of small size.
	Here may be the place where Kian Lu lived when he was a child.
	“Were these your brother’s clothes?” After changing clothes, Jenny finds it fits her well. She stands at the door of the fitting room, looks at herself and asks.
	There is a distant look in Luke’s eyes. He looks down at Jenny holding her shoulders, and then straightens her collar. He turns the collar of the shirt inside to the outside of the sweater, and says, “these were mine.”
	“Ah?” Jenny exclaims in surprise,
	These are what Luke wore when he was a kid?
	She looks down at the clothes. There is a faint smell of incense. She blushes suddenly.
	“Let’s go and have breakfast.”
	Luke doesn’t make any comment on her. He just asks her to have breakfast and turns away from the cloakroom.
	Before leaving, Jenny looks around. It seems that Luke has lots of memories here. From the moment he opened the door, he looked different. He did not look sad but only look lonely and indifferent, which makes her worried.
	When she goes downstairs, she doesn’t see Luke. When she follows the sound all the way to the kitchen, she sees the most amazing sight.
	Luke is frying eggs.
	He pours oil into the pan with sizzles, cracks an egg and drops it in.
	“Do you want an over hard egg?”
	Hearing Luke’s voice suddenly, Jenny is stunned and wonders if she is dreaming.
	“I want a sunny side up.”
	She answers immediately, then hesitates into the kitchen and looks at him.
	Luke is very skilled in frying eggs. It seems that he has done it many times. The sunlight from the window of the kitchen shines on his face, and even the tiny hairs on his face are shining brightly which makes him look soft.
	It’s like he has become a different person since he entered the house last night.
	“Can you cook?”
	“When I was in the army, I shifted to the cookhouse and had to cook for hundreds of people. My family learned how to since being a child.”
	“When you started to learn how to cook, was there anyone teaching you? Was the person strict?”
	Luke is stunned, and stops for a moment. Then he lifts the pan and pours the fried egg into a white porcelain plate. And he put some oil again in the pan. When the oil is heated, he says, “the cook there was very strict, but my brother taught me in private.”
	Jenny is stunned.
	This is the second time that Luke mentions Kian today.
	This house is full of the memories about his brother, no matter what he does, he will think of his brother.
	In the cloakroom, she was a little nervous about this topic. But now when he talks about it, he does not look that cold, which makes her less afraid.
	She tries to ask, “was your brother very tender?”
	Luke is silent for a moment and nods slightly, “yes.”
	Kian can be regarded as the most tender man of the Lu. He was a genius and was pinned great hopes on by Alex since he was a child. At the age of 15, he got the medal of special troop for his participation in anti drug trafficking activities of the Mekong River. He was a legend of Beijing special troop.
Chapter 144 Confiding
	In others’ views, a legend naturally is someone who is cold and cruel.
	However, on the contrary, he met almost all the strict requirements of Alex, and was able to ease the tense relationship between his parents and tried to make his mother happy. He knew everyone’s preferences in the family, and he would prepare a surprise for everyone’s birthday. When he was alive, the whole family was harmonious.
	Others always comment that Luke is a genius, but only the Lu knows that the real genius is the man who died young.
	Luke has only said something in brief, and Jenny keeps listening without interrupting.
	Grandma didn’t tell her about these. If Luke didn’t say it, she will never know.
	“It used to be my brother’s house. After he’s gone, the Lu sold it and later I bought it back.”
	Speaking of this, Luke frowns, “everything inside was destroyed. What you see is that I bought it again later.”
	It is just as the same.
	After the members of the special troop died, they could not have tombstones or reveal their identity and family, in order to prevent the revenge from those people that they caught before. So after Kian’s death, Alex destroyed everything belonging to him.
	When Luke mentions his brother, he looks cold, as if he is talking about a person who has nothing to do with him. But when he mentions that the house was sold and things were destroyed, his eyes shows sadness.
	Jenny doesn’t say anything. She raises her hand and pats him on the shoulder.
	After breakfast, they sits on the porch in the backyard for a while in the sun. Luke asks her what she wants to eat for dinner.
	The place is remote, and the cleaners only have brought some simple ingredients, but nothing else.
	“Fish, I want fish.”
	Luke nods and looks at the lake in the distance.
	“If you want to eat fish, go fishing yourself.”
	Originally, Jenny thought that Luke would certainly fish, and she needs to do nothing.
	When they are there, she finds that everything is not as she expected.
	Luke doesn’t mean to fish at all. He sits down under the tree with a book in his arms, enjoying the wind leisurely and looking at the scenery of the lake from time to time.
	Jenny holds the fishing rod in her hand, “hey, don’t you fish?”
	“I don’t know how to fish.”
	So Jenny spends the whole afternoon alone by the lake with a fishing rod.
	The eat two sandwiches for lunch which are the rest of the morning.
	Jenny is good at water sports. Her dad used to teach her when she was a child. What’s more, her uncle Allen liked to go to the sea very much, and often brought her to catch fish and shrimp. Thus, she has developed the relative skill.
	In this afternoon, she gets a basket of fish, and she is so happy that she leaves things that troubles her behind.
	When it’s almost sunset, looking back, she finds Luke is sleeping under the tree with his book covering the face, and the Little Cute is also sleeping at his feet.
	She takes the basket and goes to the tree. Looking at the setting sun, she sighs, “it is so beautiful!”
	The book on Luke’s face moves and slips down on Little Cute’s tail, which scares it into jumping into Luke’s arms.
	Luke is stunned and opens his eyes suddenly. When he sees Little Cute, his face changes. He hesitates for a moment, then strokes its back, lifts it up and puts it on the ground frowning
	He catches a glimpse of the fish in the basket and picks up the book.
	“Let’s go home.”
	Little Cute squats beside the basket, meowing.
	Jenny touches its head and says, “shh. Little Cute, let’s go home.”
	After returning home, it’s “chef” Luke’s show time.
	Jenny is squatting on the corridor of the backyard with a cup of juice and cat in her arms. She leisurely enjoys the evening wind and watches the sunset. The smell of the delicious food coming out from the kitchen makes her feel hungry.
	Fuck off news, fuck off slanders, fuck off entertainment industry.
	“If you have nothing to do, come and peel the garlic.”
	Luke’s sound from the kitchen breaks the peace of Jenny and the cat in the corridor.
	“Fine...” When she replies him, Little Cute struggles out of Jenny’s arms and disappears in the grass.
	In the kitchen, Luke’s figure becomes particularly great.
	Jenny remembers that when she was a child, she always saw her father cooking in the kitchen. At that time, she thought that the man who can cook was the most handsome.
	Jenny squats on the ground to peel garlic. Looking up, she finds that Luke doesn’t wear an apron. She hesitates and asks, “if you don’t wear an apron while frying the fish steak, the oil would splash on your body.”
	“I could not find it.”
	“It is here?” Jenny points to the apron on the hook at the door of the kitchen .
	And the color of it is showy.
	Luke’s eyes obviously stop on the apron for a few seconds, and then he says,
	“Bring it to me.”
	Jenny is not sure if he would be mad. She puts down the garlic slowly and goes to get the apron.
	“Here you are...”
	“Help me.”
	“Ah?”
	“Shall I say it again?”
	“No, you don’t have to...” Jenny’s face freezes.
	Luke has a spatula in one hand and a pan in the other, and it seems that it is quite difficult for Jenny to help him put on the apron.
	“Well, can you lower you head.” Jenny holds the apron and raises her head trying to reach his head. She can’t reach even standing on tiptoe.
	Luke looks at her and bends down.
	“Well, raise this hand.”
	Jenny points to his hand with the spatula.
	Finally, they come to the last step. The apron is still loose and she has to tie it.
	She stands behind Luke, her hands around his waist to get straps of the apron, and then bents down to tie it carefully.
	When she looks down, she can smell the fragrance on him which smells quite comfortable. She blushes for no reason.
	The fish soup in the pot is boiling. When he opens the lid, the whole kitchen is full of delicious smell. Luke scoops half a spoon, turns his head and says, “Have a taste.”
	As soon as Jenny ties his apron, she looks up and sees him eye-to-eye. The blush on her cheek has not faded yet, while she feels her neck is burnt with fire.
	“No, I trust you.”
	“Really?” Luke lowers his head, takes a sip of it himself, and frowns, “I think it tastes good.”
	“Well down.”
	“But you haven’t tried. How do you know if you share the same opinion with me.”
	“Ah?”
	Jenny suddenly looks up at him. And then in the next second, her lips are covered with a warm feeling. The tip of his tongue sends the delicious taste of the soup to her mouth which lingers between her lips and teeth for a long time.
Chapter 145 Taste
	At the moment of being sealed with a kiss, Jenny goes blank in her mind. It only occurs to her that the fish soup is too delicious.
	The remaining taste from Luke’s kiss already tells her how yummy the soup is. She will really enjoy it so much if she can have some.
	What a lovely kiss! Jenny is so overwhelmed by his emotion that she gets a thrill of pleasure running through her before his tongue out.
	“Good taste?” Luke asks her.
	“No!” Jenny opens her eyes with flush and says, “Is this your way to taste the food?”
	“How I tell you? I do not have any soup for now!” she thinks about it carefully but dare not to say.
	Luke almost sees through what she is thinking about. He has a look at Jenny and serves her some soup, “Well, have it. Meal will be ready later.”
	They get too many fish today; bigger ones are stewed and small ones are fried as fish steak. The others are made fish balls, being fried with vegetable.
	All the food is home-made style which Jenny loves very much.
	Jenny has a lot for dinner. After dinner, she pets a cat on the corridor at backyard. Just now the cute cat was finishing some fish soup, she catches it and holds on.
	How perfect the view is! Except that it is kind of cool. Now she yawns and has to leave the cat and go back to sleep.
	The cat flees her beneath the sofa when she is leaving, not willing to come out again.
	“Hi, kitten, forgot who rescued you?” Jenny seems to talk to herself.
	Being a little bit annoyed, she is going to upstairs with a shawl to have a shower.
	Luke sits on sofa and glanced at the green-eyed cat under that, laughing about something that anyone else could not understand.
	When Jenny finishes the shower, Luke starts to dry the hair for her. Nevertheless, just a few minutes later, loads of gently and unstopped kisses drop on Jenny’s neck.
	She is tired already but tickled by the kisses. Therefore, she cannot stand on and falls on the quilt in bed; with soonest possibility, Luke gets on top of her to make Jenny not move anymore.
	With strong breath, he touched her face softly and makes her fringe aside off forehead on which he gives another kiss.
	“Let’s have a baby.” he says.
	Luke always holds the idea that he has not been kept in Jenny’s heart until this moment, even though she stays with her all the time. If they have their baby, Jenny would never leave him from both inside and outside.
	Luke talks about it in a slightly lower voice, but what he said still shocks Jenny.
	She is too embarrassed to give him a reply.
	Actually, now Luke is not asking for any answer from Jenny; simply, he just would like to tell her that he wants to have their baby, with all of his powerful moves towards her telling her.
	Jenny is reluctant to follow his request with some unclear reasons. It might be that she hates to make love with him or she is merely unwilling to have a baby with him; seems both do play a part or neither one is real.
	But her reaction does tell him the truth. She is trying to follow him, please him and they are loving and burning each other at this moment. Jenny feels the love of fire within her body brought by him and to be put out only by him.
	The oversized men’s shirt on her is rubbed by Luke too hard, not covering her at all. In the moonlight of such a cold night, with the shirt off her body slowly, Luke watches her greatly white and smooth skin.
	He is so gentle and patient from the very beginning that Jenny reminds about her last night as a virgin with him.
	Anyway, she did feel well at that night. It was painful. The strong pain deeply from her body led her to resist him by instinct. She even shouted out with tremble when he tried to do further.
	“No, no. Luke. Stop please!” Jenny tries to get rid of him, back to one side of the bed.
	“Trust me. I will not hurt you today.”
	Luke whispers to her and keeps kissing her neck and earlobes softly. His lower voice sounds some of mysterious that greatly fascinates her.
	Unexpectedly, Jenny has something coming into her body. Soon she opens her eyes wide and is aware of what happened.
	“Ah…”
	She cannot make more sound. Her lips being sealed and hands being held down, she is not able to fight back due to the unknown fear that even lets her start to sweat.
	With a totally different feeling, starting from her lower body then spreading to the overall, she still cannot move at all and only to roll her own toes.
	Luke asks her tenderly, “Hurt?”
	Jenny does not answer but bites her lips to become flush. She has to hold his arms tightly with his stronger move.
	It induces Luke to tease her. All of sudden, he stops with nothing to do for a while, just holding on himself with his arms over her and asks, “Go on or stop?”
	Jenny flushes more from Luke’s question. Both of her heart and body are melted by him so that she only has sense about the lower body that is too much empty. With Luke coming into her, she seems to take great comfort from his action; when Luke stops, she is far from satisfied. She cannot talk anymore, “Hum...” then she gets tears in her eyes.
	Luke stops teasing her and pushes too hard with holding her shoulders.
	“Ah…” Jenny cannot help moaning. They feel like getting burned when her radiant skin touches his body.
	Luke pleases her with all his best. Jenny has never got such pleasure from her previous life. It not only makes her almost dizzy several times but also gets too much pain with his hard push. She is too shameful at this perception so she bites her lips too tight to make any sound, yet to know she is more charming with such performance.
	“You prefer it is a baby boy or a baby girl?” Luke asks her with unstopped move and is almost out of breath.
	Jenny holds his neck with her two hands and keeps moving with him. She is so deeply obsessed with him that she nearly loses the consciousness, only says, “Both…Both...”
	Luke keeps talking, “I hope the baby will take after you.”
	“Hum…Ah…”
	Then what she can hear is his mumble mixed a sudden burst of her own voice. Jenny knows there is already a hot stream going inside her body. She feels like whirling to the end of the world. Now too exhausted to think about anything.
	The man on top of her gets down and touched her forehead. After a kiss on her wound, Luke holds on Jenny and falls asleep with pats on her back.
	Later at night, their story seems not come to an end.
	After calming down, Jenny opens her eyes slowly and watches the ceiling with frown.
	She is highly uncertain about how to reply Luke’s request.
	She loves kids and would like to have their kids too. However, she cannot do it before everything about Jin’ family goes to be clear.
	Jenny sighs and turns back to face him in his arms. Now she is really in a pickle.
	“Dear Luke. Please allow me some time.”
Chapter 146 Accident
	After the midnight, Luke has a call and goes to the balcony to answer it. Soon after he left, Jenny’s backup mobile phone also rings. This is a call from Shawn who would like to inform her that there is some problem about her being the Brand Embassy of Eshmour.
	“Jenny, come back as soon as possible. You have to check it by yourself. Eshmour never discusses anything with me.” Shawn says.
	“Everything has been confirmed before. Right?” Jenny asks.
	“Yes. It was done. But due to the incident, they might hear about some rumor. They did not wait for our clarification but already called our department to cancel all regarding jobs. “
	A few seconds later, Shawn goes on, “And Comforters, also terminates your title for their brand and asks us to compensate according to our agreement. Our side rejected it so they plan to sue us.”
	Jenny listens and replies, “Ok. I will be back soon.”
	Shawn say, “And please note we have another issue. Will talk with you when you are here.”
	When Jenny gets dress, Luke finishes the call and get into the room.
	She says, “Luke, I am going back to Xicheng.”
	“I know it. Now Let’s go and just leave all belongings here.”
	“You got to know everything?” Jenny asks and watches him.
	Luke answers with a grim look, “I will handle it. You follow me.”
	Just now Luke received the call from Tom. He was told that Jessica’s Weibo with purpose to clarify misunderstanding was posted just a half day ago; she also publicly announced, on behalf of Brilliant Entertainment, to terminate the contract with Jade Picture. Several mistakes about Jade Picture were listed as well which mainly criticized its top management abuses authority for personal interests, treats the artists unequally and makes improper business.
	There is a Mr. L from her announcement, alluding to Luke, to harass some female artists within the group. As a result, the price of Luke Up Group shares drops tremendously.
	At this moment, in the VIP room of Xicheng Woman and Child Hospital.
	Frankie Hill rushes here but finds nobody in the room. He asks a nurse passing by where the patient is.
	Nurse answers with confusion, “NO.12 patient left hospital on yesterday afternoon.”
	Frankie feels worried and starts to redial the number that he cannot get through since he read the news. As he estimates, he fails again but to dial Tony’s number and asks, “Hello, Tony. What’s going on?”
	The voice from his mobile phone sounds in great panic, “I don’t know! Frankie, why Jessica is working for them and would like to sue us? Oh. Brilliant Entertainment will organize a press conference for her…”
	“What are you fucking doing? Are you an artist agent?” Frankie holds off the call in a rage and takes a lift to leave.
	He was woken up by an urgent call at 2 O’clock in the morning. He heard that Brilliant Entertainment announced in the name of Jessica Vogt, to terminate contract with Jade Picture and accuse Jade Picture as well as Jenny Jin of intentional assault.
	Frankie stays with Jessica for a couple of days. She slept more time than that she is awake, so how and when Jessica starts to do with Brilliant Entertainment is still unknown. Anyway, he does not believe their relationship is built in one day.
	The public discussion comes to an end just now and will not restart too soon; luckily after middle night, only few people read Weibo. Even so this is a breaking news that should call for all attention.
	“I did you a favor. How do you appreciate it?” there is a man speaking hoarsely in the CEO office, on the top floor of Brilliant Entertainment building.
	Myles Hopkins comes back at his office’s door, in sight of a slim lady standing in front of the French window.
	The lady turns back to him. She has a kind of pale look on the pretty and innocent face, which does grants her more femininity. “Myles, you tried all the best to hire me for Brilliant Entertainment. This time I gave you a chance to achieve it. Isn’t it the best appreciation to you?
	“Good.” Myles smiles and says, “I am wrong to think you are one of the bimbos in this industry.”
	“You…” Jessica is badly annoyed by his reply.
	Myles continues to talk, “But have you considered, what to explain to your fiancé for your joining our group?”
	Now Jessica looks peacefully but says with frown, “Myles, it’s none of your business. I have my own way. Please care what you promised me!”
	It is Myles who feels much annoyed when he listened to her saying “it’s none of your business”.
	This is the most disgusting words he has ever heard.
	“Repeat it please!” he requests.
	Holding the table, Jessica steps back with a poker face and says, “Myles, business is business. You know for sure how much benefits I will make to Brilliant Entertainment. Besides, please be aware of the limit between us.”
	Myles keeps silence for a while, considering what Jessica was talking about. Finally, he sits on sofa angrily and picks up the phone on the table to dial a number.
	“Let Tiffany come in.” He says.
	Lately, he has been continuously refused by girls. It might because all these girls related with Luke are too tough to get along with.
	He has a look at Jessica, “It is too long night. If you have nothing to do, you can watch me doing something.”
	Now a flirtatious secretary comes to office with her waist in a twist, a glance at Jessica by the window. Then she sits on Myles and appears to never see Jessica from the beginning.
	“Myles, I know you will call me tonight.” secretary Tiffany says in a seduced voice.
	Jessica is extremely embarrassed to interrupt them, “Enjoy. I have to go.”
	Myles has a mumble and takes off Tiffany’s black underwear with lace, with purpose to attract Jessica’s attention. There Tiffany still keeps seducing Myles with her words and laughing, “No, no. Myles, I am catching cold.”
	“Let’s warm up...”
	Here Jessica cannot endure any absurd sounds that they are continuously making in the office. Her hands clenches fists. She also feels regretful to come here.
	Jenny is Jessica’s toughest opponent. Previously, Myles promised Jessica to make Jenny leave the entertainment industry forever. On this condition, she agreed to come to meet him. She has never imagined that Myles is not only wicked but also abnormal psychologically; afraid that she would be forced to follow him if she is not so valuable for his business.
	No matter what happens today, Myles will hold a press conference for her in the early morning of tomorrow. She is sure to end Jenny’s career at that time!
	In the next morning, at the conference room of Brilliant Entertainment.
	Myles signs the contract with Jessica, witnessed by a lot of journalists.
	“From now on, Jessica will be a member of Brilliant Entertainment. Hope she will have a good time in our big family. As the CEO, I will support my artists the best. Meanwhile, Jessica, please accept my condolences for the tragedy you got before. Today I make a promise here with all your witness, she will never get such inequality in Brilliant Entertainment.
	Journalists take photos with flash of cameras and all are eager for the Q&A section.
	Someone asks, “When can you answer our question?”
Chapter 147 Distort Facts
	"Some people said that Ms. Vogt and Mr. Hill weren't a couple before, but Ms. Vogt got involved in Mr. Hill's relationship. Can you explain?"
	...
	"Do you think that the miscarriage is caused by Jenny Jin's revenge?"
	...
	Jessica's face changes. She doesn't expect someone to ask this question first.
	"We'll take our time to discuss this matter later. Let's let Ms. Vogt take a rest. First, let's take a look at the whole thing." Brilliant Entertainment's agent turns on the slide and begins to elaborate on the feud between Jessica and Jenny.
	Brilliant Entertainment's staff make some slides to explain that Jessica isn't a mistress, and Jenny has nothing to do with Frankie. It's just out of jealousy of Jessica position in Jade Picture that Jenny pushes her down the stairs.
	Backstage, Jessica rubs her temples and questions Myles angrily.
	"Don't you say that the reporters today are all bribed? Why would anyone ask such a question?"
	"Those two arrived late. Maybe the staff didn't get the chance to take care of them before. They have just gone to fix it. What are you worried about?" Myles sat on the sofa and glanced at Jessica, "You should rest assured when I handle things. After today's press meeting, the woman named Jenny Jin will definitely be ruined."
	Jessica doesn't know what hatred Myles has with Jenny, but he is willing to help her. Even though he claims that he just wants to sign the contract with her, she feels that Brilliant Entertainment doesn't need to get themselves into trouble. This is openly against Luke.
	While talking, Myles suddenly catches a glimpse of the figure at the entrance of the dressing room. His eyes darken a bit. "It seems that I should go out and make room for you to have a good chat with your fiance."
	Jessica's back stiffens suddenly. Then she slowly turns around and sees Frankie.
	He looks at her with disappointment in his eyes.
	After closing the door, Frankie frowns and keeps staring at Jessica.
	"Don't look at me like that..." Jessica looks away, afraid to look into Frankie's eyes.
	"Tell me why you did it."
	Frankie's voice is a little cold.
	He has always been gentle. Jessica has never seen him look so solemn.
	"I just... I just want to fight justice to my dead baby."
	She dares not look into Frankie's eyes, lowers her head, and takes a step back.
	"Jenny doesn't mean it, we...we will have baby in the future."
	Frankie's tone is hesitant. When he says the second sentence, it seems that he is against his will. He's obviously avoiding eye contact with Jessica.
	"Don't lie to me." Jessica raises her head suddenly. Her eyes flash with anger. "I know I won't have a baby anymore. It's impossible for your mother to agree with you to marry me. Didn't she just do it before? She wouldn't agree to you to get the marriage certificate with me until I gave birth to the baby."
	Frankie is stunned.
	"Alright, anyway, I have nothing to worry about now. I just want justice for my child. Until now, Jenny hasn't even made an apology to me. Do you think my request is too much?"
	Frankie doesn't respond.
	"Don't you see the rumors about us now on the Internet? I have lost a child, my fiancé, and a family that could have been happy. Do you want me to keep silent and lose my job now?"
	"Jess..." Frankie holds the corner of the table and says in a low voice. "I will marry you."
	Jessica is overjoyed at first but when she suddenly thinks of her current situation, her smile quickly fades. "You want to marry me. Isn't it because you plan to let me not accuse Jenny Jin?"
	"Jenny definitely doesn't mean to do it. But did you see what they said in the news?"
	"Is the news written by me? Why don't you say that there is news that makes me so hideous?"
	"Jessica, why do you have to make trouble with Jenny?"
	"Am I the one to make trouble?" Jessica looks at Frankie in disbelief and raises her voice. "Is she the only one in your heart who will always be so pure and innocent and I am always a sinister and vicious person?"
	Someone knocks on the door outside, "Ms. Vogt, the reporters are about to ask questions..."
	Jessica looks down to check her clothes, then walks straight to the door.
	...
	"Jess..." Frankie grabs her arm.
	Jessica is startled, grits her teeth, and shakes away his hand firmly.
	"I can't think too much now. I have no other options. If you still care about what we had in the past, please think about our dead baby and why do I have to do this to her on this matter? Do we have any grudges? Even if I did something bad to her before, she can retaliate against me. Why did she have to vent her anger on my baby? Frankie, I am really tired."
	Frankie doesn't dissuade her anymore, just stood by the door frame, and said solemnly.
	"No matter what decision you make, Jessica, I promise you will marry you, so I'll fulfill my promise. Don't worry."
	Jessica turns her back to him, hesitates for a while, and finally leaves.
	In fact, for a moment, she thinks that if she stops here and marries Frankie, the matter will go away. Her reputation won't be damaged too much. It is also a conservative choice.
	But when she thinks of Jenny, she can't bear herself from choosing such a conservative path. She has to remove the sting in the eye, otherwise she will never be happy in her life. She will always worry that her husband will leave her one day and her life will one day ruined by Jenny.
	The second she walks out of the dressing room, she has made up her mind. "Jenny, either you die or I die. We can't both live in this world."
	At the press meeting, there are numerous reporters. They are waiting impatiently.
	Everyone wants to get first-hand news. People on the Internet are also paying attention to this battle between the artists in the same company because this battle will expose so many dirty news.
	Whether it is the incident of Jade Picture's artistes drinking with moguls or the company's unspoken rules of the higher-ups, it is enough to cause a sensation in Internet public opinion.
	On the scene, there is a long white table with the slides just finishing playing.
	Jessica's agent catches a glimpse of a familiar figure backstage, so he quickly picks up the microphone, "Everyone, please be quiet. Ms. Vogt is ready. You can ask if you have any questions. There is plenty of time."
	The appearance of Jessica brings this conference to a climax.
	"Ms. Vogt, how did you come to your accusation against Ms. Jenny for intentional assault?"
	"When recording the show, she pushed me downstairs. There's a video of the show which can be served as evidence."
	"But so far the video has not been shown to the public. Can we say that there is still no evidence for this matter so far?"
	"The evidence has always been there. She failed to ruin my family, so she tried to murder me and my baby. Now I have lost my baby and will never be able to get pregnant again. As a mother, who would make fun of her baby?"
	Jessica bursts into tears when she talks about the child. The agent next to her hands her a tissue. She covers her mouth and can't help crying. "I always regard her as a good sister of mine, but...but... I don't expect her to do such a thing."
Chapter 148 What Do You Mean By Improper Relationship
	Seeing Jessica weeping and being upset, the reporters under the stage look at each other and have sympathy for her.
	"Just now you said that Jenny destroyed your family. Is she involved in your marriage as the rumors say?"
	It's a female reporter who is speaking. She's standing in the crowd with her microphone, her eyes full of sympathy.
	"I don't want to talk about this anymore. I can't wash my dirty linen in public. I just want justice for my children." Jessica chokes and lowers her head, but a trace of unknown viciousness flashes in her eyes.
	Speaking of this, the reporter also understands what she means.
	"It is said that you have filed a lawsuit to the court and sued your former company, Jade Picture, and Jenny at the same time. Except for your personal grievance with Jenny, what did you do this?"
	"The relationship between Jade Picture's senior leaders and subordinates is chaotic. Except for the experienced old artists, the newcomers are now being taken out to accompany moguls to drink..."
	The news is live. Every word and sentence of Jessica is broadcast on TV and the Internet.
	At this moment, Jade Picture is in an uproar.
	"Damn..." Michelle is the first to be angry, "This bitch isn't only cheap but she also wants to take the whole company down with her. Who the hell does she think she is? I'm going to fight with her now..."
	"Michelle, don't be impulsive..."
	"Who do think she is talking about? She says the woman is famous for being sexy. Obviously, she is taunting me. What's the beef between she and me? She keeps making these dirty moves again and again..."
	In the conference room, almost all the artists of Jade Picture who don't have work today are gathered at this moment.
	Jessica reveals the earth-shattering news, which almost turns the entire company upside down.
	After Michelle yelling what she is going to do, those artists who have been insinuated all got furious and want to follow Michelle to the scene.
	Daniel pokes Tony's arm, "Look at your artist. It's really embarrassing in front of all the people in the country..."
	"Who are you scolding?" Tony screams. "Jessica is the one that has grudges against the company. Can you blame me for that? It's all because of her feud with Jenny Jin. If I were to make the decision, we should just fire all the people that Jessica insinuates. Let's see what others can say."
	"Fire who? I'll fire you first..."
	A group of sexy artists following Michelle can't wait to pull Tony's hair right now.
	"Sit down, all of you." It's Shawn who is talking. She glares at a few troublemakers and shouts, "Look what happened now! How could you turn against each other at this moment? If you have the ability, you can just go to the scene... "
	"I really dare to go..." Michelle twists her waist and stands up, her attractive face filled with anger at the moment, "I have to strip off the clothes of this slut in front of everyone. The worst-case scenario will just be that we are all screwed. Not a big deal."
	"Oh. Lilian is on the scene... Wow. She's there."
	No one knows who shouts. All eyes were shifted from Michelle to live on TV.
	As the live camera switches, it sweeps across the door of the press meeting. Lilian, who was in a professional black suit, confidently walks into the scene with a file in her hand.
	"My God...what's going on, why is Lilian on the scene?"
	"Mr. Lu..."
	"Oh my... it's Mr. Lu..."
	All eyes were fixed on live TV. At this time, the press meeting is caught in a new round of commotion.
	Jessica's tears obviously can no longer be the most attractive thing for the cameras. Almost all reporters turn the microphones and cameras in their hands at the two people who walk in orderly.
	Headed by Luke, the grim female secretary, Lilian, walks on his left, while the other heroine of the incident doesn't appear.
	The reporters are aware of Luke Lu's temper, so they don't dare to ask him questions casually.
	The scene falls into weird silence.
	Myles, who has been sitting under the stage silently, stands up and meets Luke's eyes. Both of them look aloof. But after a few seconds, Myles smiles, "I'm glad having you with us, Mr. Lu. Brilliant Entertainment really shines with your presence."
	Luke glances at Myles's hand reaching out and sneers, "I'm here uninvited. Maybe Mr. Hopkins won't be pleased."
	"How will I? You are the protagonist of this incident... I think not only me, but everyone at the scene is also looking forward to your arrival."
	"Really? That's great. I have something to tell you."
	A cold light flashes across Luke's eyes. Then he stares straight at Jessica, who was sobbing on stage, "Good acting, but it's used in the wrong place."
	The reporters all return to their seats. The staff of Luke Up Group move the new tables and chairs and place them under the stage, directly opposite Jessica. They are separated by a two-person aisle.
	After Lilian wipes the chair, Luke sits down, glances at the slides behind Jessica with cold eyes. A hint of mockery flickers in his eyes.
	Lilian clears her throat, allowing the audience to hear her voice clearly without using the microphone.
	"Everyone, Jessica Vogt is the artist of Jade Picture. We are here today with a lawyer. Jessica breached the contract with our company to sign with Brilliant Entertainment. According to the contract, she needs to compensate Jade Picture 5 million for breaching the contract. As for Jessica slandering artists of the Jade Picture and insinuating the senior leaders, on behalf of our subsidiary, Jade Picture, we require Brilliant Entertainment and Jessica to compensate for damages of 50 million. We have filed a case in the court. The indictment has just been posted to major websites for your witness."
	As people hear 50 million, there is a commotion in the audience.
	This isn't a small sum of money.
	The reporters are all panicked. They check the websites and call their own company. Faced with the urgent change of the matter, the reporters don't even have time to adjust the interview script.
	Those who react quickly, take the lead in leaving the script, and ask the key to the problem.
	"Mr. Lu, do you need to take care of this kind of matter in litigation? Is it true that, as Ms. Vogt said, your relationship with Jenny is improper? So you blindly favor the artist of your company, causing the company's artists to have a grievance?"
	Luke leans back in his chair and sneers, "Excuse me, what do you mean by improper relationship?"
	The female reporter who asks the question is stunned, "The... the company's leader and subordinate..."
	"Is it proper for those who get involved in others' relationships? Or is it proper for those who rely on pregnancy to marry the rich people and be a mistress? Or is it proper for the one who has an unstable fetus and plans to frame her friend with her miscarriage?"
	Luke asks three questions about the proper relationship, which makes the reporter who askes the question speechless.
	"Unstable fetus? Frame?" The voice of murmuring in the audience grew louder.
	This thing gets interesting today.
	"Mr. Lu, I... I don't have any grudge against you. Why do you slander me like this?" Jessica panics. She flusters when she hears the words "unstable fetus". Her face is pale and her forehead is covered with cold sweat.
	"Oh?" Luke narrows his eyes, casts her a cold glance, and says callously.
	"Why do you think what I said is slander?"
	"You don't have any evidence, so you are slanderous."
	"As you said, Jenny pushed you downstairs. Jade Picture artists are in a mess. Unspoken rules incidents are countless in the company. Which one isn't a slander?"
	Luke's voice resounds throughout the press meeting. His calm and firm voice shocks everyone.
Chapter 149 Empty handed
	Luke’s words carry a lot of weight in Xicheng.
	As soon as he says those about Jessica, the reporters below the stage couldn’t resist any longer. The reporters have a lot of questions because of the news during this period. However, most of the online comments are bias against Jessica causing her reputation to be in tatters. Journalists always conform to the ‘public opinion’. That’s why even if there’s a differing opinion if it doesn’t cause any ripples, they will not pursue it.
	But now things are different.
	It’s obvious that Luke never picks a fight that he can’t win.
	“You are casting wild allegations …” Jessica can sense the mood below the stage and panics.
	Lilian coolly glance at her.
	“Miss Vogt, please maintain your composure. Mr. Lu never wrongs a good person.”
	After saying that, she turns to the reporter below the stage and says calmly, “I’m Lilian, Mr. Lu’s secretary, if you have any questions, please raise your hand and ask me. Mr. Lu is busy and needs to leave soon.”
	As soon as she says that, the reporters anxiously raise their hands.
	Jessica looks towards Myles who was observing at the sides.
	He frowns and was about to stand up when Luke’s two bodyguards stop him while the personal bodyguard of Luke is looking at Myles, crackling his knuckles and looks at Myles coldly.
	Mr. Hopkins, I’d like your explanation on a matter that happened three months ago.”
	Myles’ expression changes when he thinks back to what he and the boss of Jade Picture did. Suddenly his heart panics.
	“You… what explanation do I have to give? This is Brilliant Entertainment, my territory…”
	“Really? You’re deciding what to do on someone else’s territory. Being with Mr. Lu so many years I’ve also done several times.”
	After he finishes saying, Tom’s hand ruthlessly slapped onto the sofa seat, scaring Myles to cower with his hands covering his head not daring to speak a word.
	“You…”
	Tom bends over to see Myles holding to his head like a frightened mouse and laughs while a chilling light flashes across his eyes.
	“Mr. Hopkins, just quietly watch the show, I’ll give you and advise. Don’t go and get involved, otherwise, you’ll be in the same situation with Miss Vogt but now it’ll be all the people of your company.”
	Myles stares at Tom for a while and slowly lowers his hands. He looks discontented but he didn’t do anything else thereafter.”
	He can only hope that this Jessica has her own abilities as he coolly glances at the stage.
	When she sees Myles’ expression, Jessica’s heart shivered.
	At this moment, Lilian relentlessly bashes her into hell to be condemned eternally.
	“This is the pregnancy test from the hospital, on it is the doctor’s signature and the hospital stamp. The doctor who was paid by Jessica to cover up this matter has been fired by the hospital. When necessary, this can be proven by the courts. The pregnancy report stated clearly that Jessica’s pregnancy was very unstable and the doctor suggested to terminate the pregnancy but she repeatedly refused and wanted a traditional treatment. The latest pregnancy report by the hospital’s maternity doctors collectively recommended terminating the pregnancy. They even warned her that if she doesn’t terminate the pregnancy, the consequences will be very severe. Not only the baby may not survive, the mother’s life could be at risk.”
	Lilian reads in accordance with the pregnancy report and then glances at the pale Jessica. She emphasizes each word, “But under such circumstances, Jessica chose to bribe the doctor to keep the truth form everyone about her situation. Thereafter everyone should be familiar with her miscarriage. Whether it was our company’s Jenny who pushed her that caused the miscarriage, this has to be investigated. Before this issue can be clarified, she is using public opinion to gain pity, this is making a mockery of everyone.”
	The reporters become frenzy when they heard about the pregnancy reports.
	When Lilian finishes, immediately someone asks, “Then what you mean is Jessica intentionally used the baby to harm Jenny. But why? Aren’t they good friends?”
	“This will lead us to another explosive issue.” Lilian calmly keeps the pregnancy report and opens another document, waving it from the stage.
	“This is the relationship history between Jessica and the company’s Mr. Frankie. Everyone also knows that their relationship grew with time. But Miss Vogt said that Jenny stepped in when they were about to get married. With regards to this matter, I’m afraid that I have to lay it out slowly for you and Miss Vogt.”
	Lilian closes up the document and tosses it towards her assistant. “Go ahead and circulate and take your pictures. Reporters here know that about three months ago, our company’s artist Jenny went to the pharmacy to buy a pregnancy test kit and became your tabloid news. Now it should be clear to you who this test kit was for.”
	Everyone shifted their attention to Jessica who had a miscarriage.
	If the dates are counted, Jenny’s abdomen didn’t have any reaction but at that time Jessica’s pregnancy was all over the news. This pregnancy test kit was for who, they should know.
	That’s why the news at that time wrongly accused Jenny.
	“So we may have wrongly accused Jenny, bot now what about the third party issue?”
	“Third-party?” Lilian laughed coldly, “These are affairs of the heart, and we as outsiders can’t interfere. Who was the third party isn’t a discussion point. But in the end, there is a winner. Can you all see who is the winner?”
	Jessica’s wedding preparation to a wealthy family has been on the internet headlines for a long time. The winner in life will be continuously admired. From the looks of it, Lilian’s words are already very clear.
	If it’s not because of this child, perhaps she already has a luxurious life.
	The reporters started to murmur and they collectively pushed the microphones to Lilian and wanted to ask for more juicy information.
	Jessica was so flustered that she lost her composure. She looked around and realized that the tables had been turned against her. Initially, she had sharp reasons but now the reporters had defected.
	“No, you have turned black to white. You are all bias towards Jenny and this is the reason why I left the company.”
	She yelled furiously, “Luke obviously was involved with Jenny, and it’s all favoritism…”
	Lilian frowns and glances at the frenzied woman and then looks towards Luke, seeking his opinion.
	Luke nods gently, stands up, and left the place.
	He has already lost his patience with this woman. Since she can’t bring any good influence for Jade Picture, and now it’s all negative news, it’s better to just end it here.
	Lilian’s expression turns cold and squints at Jessica, “From the moment Miss Vogt established herself with Jade Picture, she has spent time with lots of customers. It was after Luke Up Group took over Jade Picture that much of the improper practices were stopped. Miss Vogt, are you trying to show that you are unhappy with this?”
Chapter 150 Lose everything
	“Nonsense, you are talking nonsense…”
	“Am I the one talking nonsense or is Miss Vogt too greedy? You can’t accept other’s success and allowed envy to deceive your own eyes. Now it has backfired. I can only advise Brilliant Entertainment and all artists to keep their distance from you. Otherwise, one day when the company was sold by you and they can only help you count the money.”
	Lilian coldly glances at Myles, laughs, and places the photocopy of the evidence on the table, “The evidence is all here. All may circulate and take photographs of the evidence. I still have work at the office and I need to leave. For the remaining matters, you may call the public relations of Jade Picture. You can also ask Miss Vogt yourselves. But how much of what she says is true will depend on your judgment.”
	Luke Up Group’s representative comes and goes in a flash.
	The entire hall became rowdy and everyone blocks the exit preventing Jessica from leaving. She couldn’t avoid the questions and she has no means of handling them.
	“Miss Vogt, the evidence looks solid, are you still going to hire a lawyer to handle the lawsuit?”
	“What solid evidence? Those are fake and it’s the Luke Up group using their strength to bully, they are all manufactured.”
	“You said that Jenny was a third party and interfered with your marriage. But now there is a new allegation, that Jenny and Mr. Hill were a couple and you were the third party. Do you admit to this?”
	“Fuck off…”
	The vulgarity stuns the reporters for a moment and then the camera flashes became more rapid and intense.
	A well-known actress scolding reporters with vulgarity. This alone is sufficient to be news. In addition to all that has happened, it is enough to dominate the news cycle for an entire month.
	At this point, the public relations of Jade Picture gathered at the conference room to celebrate.
	“Mr. Lu is so handsome, longevity for Mr. Lu…” Michelle’s lone voice is able to cover the entire meeting room. Everyone is gleefully discussing having a sumptuous dinner to celebrate overcoming the crisis.
	They knew that what Lilian said about accompanying customers for drinks and entertainment, if they leak out, the reporters wouldn’t care if it was real or not. By then all of them will be in trouble.
	In the celebration, Jenny brought in a box of snacks.
	“What’s all the commotion? I went to the department and none of you were there… what are you all doing here?”
	Jenny’s voice is as beautiful as a canary.
	Daniel springs up from his seat and runs over to Jenny in a flash, “Miss Jenny, where have you gone? How can you be so calm when such a huge incident happened?”
	“What incident?” Jenny looks at everybody in confusion.
	Everyone is stunned.
	“What have you been doing? Haven’t you seen the news on your cell phone?”
	“I went to buy the snacks, Mr. Lu said that you’ve been working very hard and asked me to go and queue for these snacks. I had to queue for a long time and didn’t have the time to look at the phone. I’m looking for Shawn…”
	When she says this, everyone looks at Jenny in disbelief.
	“Oh? Buy snacks…” Michelle is the most expressive and looks at Jenny and laughs. She lifts her elbow and nudges Jenny, “Mr. Lu. really has a tender heart for you, such a big storm and he didn’t even involve the main player…”
	“What storm?”
	“Forget for the moment, since you’re already here, let’s discuss where shall we go for dinner tonight.”
	“Gathering?” Jenny quickly places the things down. “I’m not available tonight, I have a pile of work waiting for me. You are all well aware…”
	Michelle grabs Jenny’s arm and pulls her onto the chair. With her arms on her hips, “What things do you have to do now? Everything has been resolved. Just wait for all the netizens to help you demolish that slut, Jessica!”
	Jenny blinks and looks at the surrounding people as if she is a gorilla being observed. She was the only one who doesn’t know what had gone wrong.
	Last night she received Shawn’s call to come and discuss about the advertisement and spokesperson issue. This morning when she was on the way over she heard that Luke wanted her to buy some snacks for the office. She spent the entire morning queuing.
	Shawn cleared her throat, “Don’t bother with the work, now there isn’t much for you to do. Now just wait for the variety show and your movie to launch. There are several other spokesperson deals, I’ll make some calls to inquire.”
	Looking at Shawn leaving suddenly, Jenny is even more puzzled.
	“Come, Miss Jenny, let me tell you how handsome and dashing our Mr. Lu was today…”
	Daniel loves to gossip and grabs Jenny’s chair and starts to describe how Luke performed brilliantly during the broadcast and described it vividly.
	“Among the lightning and brimstone, one could see a white figure descend from the heavens like a God had arrived. In one sentence, he shut the shameless slut’s mouth…”
	“Mr. Lu wore black, Daniel…” Michelle reminds.
	“Then it’s a black figure, somewhat …”
	“But it wasn’t just in a sentence to render her speechless, Jessica that slut had a lot to say. If it wasn’t the evidence was overwhelming, all the pregnancy reports indicated that the child was dying…”
	Jenny is listening but isn’t too clear but when she hears Michelle saying that the child was dying, she suddenly understands. She grabs Michelle, “What did you say about the child dying?”
	“Jessica’s child,” Michelle says purposefully.
	“Don’t you know? Mr. Lu and Lilian obtained the pregnancy report and the child in Jessica’s abdomen wasn’t going to survive. The doctors suggested terminating the pregnancy otherwise it may harm her body. She refused and must have wanted to use the child as leverage to marry into the wealthy family. Isn’t the dramas like that? You were unlucky and bumped into her. She must have wanted to harm you in the process and gain some sympathy.”
	“In the end, she lost everything!” Daniel shook his head and sighs emotionally.
	“Where is Mr. Lu?” Jenny stands up quickly from the chair.
	Everyone is stunned.
	The manager who just came back from getting a drink says softly, “I think he has just returned. I heard from Karina, perhaps he is in his office…”
	Jenny turns and runs out of the conference room and sprints to the lift.
	“Hey, Jenny, where are you going? Are we having hot pot?” Michelle turns and asks.
	Daniel pats Michelle on her head, “You are only concerned about eating, now Jenny must be going to thank our Mr. Lu. I bet a hundred that Mr. Lu. is interested in our Jenny.”
	“I bet two hundred…”
	“Three hundred…”
	“A thousand…”
	“What, how can everyone bet? If everyone wins who will payout?” Daniel slaps the table.
	“I bet ten thousand, Mr. Lu is only playing for fun.” Christina’s voice overwhelms everyone.
	Everyone looks towards her. Michelle is stunned and has a peanut shell on her lips.
	“One, two, three, four, five, you five, if you lose, remember to give me the money.”
	Christina raises her eyebrow with a high and mighty attitude and points at those who were chatting.
Chapter 151 Rumor Stops
	Jenny goes to the 10th floor nervously. Lilian has not come back to the office. It seems Luke was back here a moment ago with the door still not shut tightly.
	Looking through the door, Luke is some of tired on the chair, with a fresh cup of tea on table.
	He should be too exhausted after driving over night to attend the press conference in the early morning.
	Jenny keeps thousands of words in her mind but right now does not know what to say.
	She knocks on the door.
	“Come in.”
	Luke sees there is Jenny standing beside the door and soon turns out to look more energetic.
	“I take some dessert for you. Would you like to have it?” Jenny tries to break the ice.
	Luke has a look at her hands with nothing at all and asks, “Where is it?”
	“Oh?” Jenny is stunned and shortly finds she does not take anything here, “Sorry. I am going to get it in the meeting room.”
	“No, thank you.” Luke says.
	Jenny hears it just before leaving his office.
	Luke continues, “Come have a seat. I have something to tell you.” Jenny waits for a couple of seconds, still turns back into his office.
	There is a black sofa of genuine leather; it is greatly cozy to sit.
	But Jenny is not in a mood to feel how cozy the sofa is. She is always anxious every time Luke tells her he wants to talk with her.
	Luke stands up behind his desk and comes to sit on some opposite side of Jenny, with a black file folder in his hand.
	“What’s this?” Jenny asks.
	“Application for funds of your studio.”
	Jenny hears his voice when opening the folder.
	“Approved.” Luke goes on.
	Then she raises her head to watch Luke, “Could you give it to Shawn?”
	Normally, Shawn deals with all issues regarding her studio. Jenny knows too little about business to get involved in many details; she just needs to attend different events.
	Luke looks kind of strange and says after clearing his throat, “Artists should also check a part of details. To avoid getting cheated by others.”
	Jenny supposes that Luke does not believe Shawn is honest and explains at once, “Shawn is not as you imagine. She is so good to our artists.”
	“I didn’t mean by that.” Luke interrupts her.
	Jenny becomes confused by him. Later she asks, “So what did you mean?”
	They both feel a little bit embarrassed to continue their talk.
	A moment later, Luke takes two tickets out of his top inside pocket and puts on the table, “I have two tickets for a drama play on tomorrow. Will you be available to watch it?”
	Jenny does not expect him to talk about this. But she is greatly excited when seeing some information on the tickets; in her eyes are full of brilliance. She cannot help shouting out, “Oh my God! It is Thunderstorm, from Sky Drama Club and being acted by Rupert Wright! I know it difficult to buy. How did you?”
	“You are too happy for only two tickets. It is from my friend.”
	Luke gives her a peaceful look and answers.
	Jenny smiles to him with embarrassment, “Please excuse me. This is really hard to get. You might not understand if you are not interested in drama. Rupert Wright only performs in two plays every year so that even rich people hardly buy tickets. They are usually sold out immediately after starting to sell. I have never been so lucky.”
	Before Luke replies, she looks at him again, with tickets in her arms and asks, “You will go?”
	Luke stands up to walk to his desk and says, “Now I am not sure.”
	Jenny also stands up and says to his back in great excitement, “Tomorrow 7:30p.m., I will wait for you at the gate of the theater.”
	Luke says, “Hum.”
	She should understand his answer now.
	Out of Jenny’s sight, Luke has a gentle smile that cannot be hidden in eyes.
	Shortly after Jenny coming out of his office with overjoy, Shawn asks her to take photos for the front page of the company’s magazine in photographer’s studio. It is said that the company are ready to carry out some new projects to get improved. These projects will involve artists of all ages and levels within the group. From the company, it would like to take photos of these artists with personal studio in Jade Picture and then put the photos up in the lobby downstairs in the building.
	Some artists seldom stay in the company; for the job they all appear here today.
	Most of them are the senior ones to Jenny in the industry. Although she walks along and keeps greeting in a respect way to everyone, she is pushed to stand in the center by those low-profiles. She feels too much nervous about this.
	It takes a lot of time to finish. Then Jenny asks Shawn about being the brand embassy of Eshmour.
	She has already agreed to act for two scripts. Once she starts these jobs, the directors might not allow her to leave for other events. Considering that, she would like to work for Eshmour first if both parties confirm about their cooperation.
	Nevertheless, Shawn is helpless too about that and says, “I reminded them frequently. All details and contract should be ready before, but there was a problem regarding the rumor. Now everything is clarified, they still require to wait and see for a period.”
	Jenny bites her lips and says with a nod, “I see.”
	“Don’t worry. It makes sense. The previous brand embassy has never been gossiped, so they should think twice before entitling you. Just let them see. You need to be careful recently.”
	“OK.” Jenny says.
	It has been long time since her interview by Eshmour finished. In the middle, she only got a call from them with no more news. Jenny believes she failed it, but Shawn told her to wait for a while to be reevaluated. The information definitely distracts her from these agreeable jobs.
	Right before leaving company, Jenny receives a call from Victoria who landed just now and will pick up baggage in the airport. On the call, she starts to complain her tough boss to Jenny.
	“I cannot understand what he is thinking about! A couple of days ago, he asked me to call some cleaners at night. I did fucking it from 11pm to mid night. I should go sleep! So, you know he is insane!”
	“He asked for cleaners at night? The hotel room is not good?”
	“It’s not hotel! I think my boss has another girl and they live in a new apartment. Shameless!”
	Victoria will become much angry as soon as she is talking about her boss. She continues, “That’s disgusting. Now I have no appetite at all.”
	“Don’t you?” Jenny looks at her watch and says, “I have an appointment with Adan for dinner tonight. You will not join us?”
	“Dinner? With Adan?” Victoria shouts on the call, “I have to go. Forget what I said. Send me address ASAP. I have to eat something. You don’t know how yukky the food in the air!”
	“OK. I sent to you earlier today. You might not read it immediately after landing.” Jenny says.
	“I will check. Darling, love you.” Victoria holds off the call.
	Hearing her voice full of joy, Jenny watches her phone screen to smile.
	She appointed Adan for the dinner earlier before but to be delayed by this accident. It was solved today, Adan called her to meet at once.
	Tonight, Jenny does not hesitate any more to tell Adan and Victoria all about her story until she remembers Luke was annoyed with some unknown reason before.
Chapter 152 Don’t Tell the Truth
	Walking out from the lobby of Jade Picture, Jenny sees someone familiar moving towards her. She gives a smile when she realizes who he is.
	“Hello, Adan. You are here! I am going to take a taxi.”
	Adan opens the car’s door for her and tells a joke, “How I dare let such a super star take a taxi by herself?”
	Getting on his car, Jenny fastens the safety belt and laughs, “Don’t tease me. Yes, I am a little bit famous for these scorns, with no money at all. Unless some fans who dislike me would like to kidnap me, I shouldn’t have any other trouble.”
	With his smile disappearing, Adan starts the engine and does not say anything to Jenny, only to ask her with great care.
	“I heard the problem was solved by Mr. Luke Lu from your company.”
	“You know it?” Jenny says casually. “Yes. It is Luke…Mr. Lu who helped.”
	When talking about Luke Lu, she is used to calling his informal name in daily life. But soon it occurs to her that who she is staying with, she changes to another one.
	These words from Jenny upsets Adan.
	If he does hear it clearly, Jenny would like to call him Luke.
	By instinct, he guesses that Jenny and Luke are not so strange as they appear to be.
	“Jenny, you know Luke Lu very well?”
	After a few of seconds.
	Jenny plans to tell Adan and Victoria later that she married Luke in some way. As he is asking now, should she tell the truth?
	She is still not certain about it.
	Just before her answer, all of sudden Jenny hears some sharp noise of brake. Meanwhile, she is strongly forced to lean forward by Adan braking abruptly. She would be hit to the windshield if not fastening safety belt.
	“Are you ok?” Adan asks her in a rush.
	“I’m ok.” Jenny waves hand, and horribly watches the bus just passing by. She asks, “Adan, what happened?”
	“Sorry…” Adan seems not happy, “I am not in the mood today.”
	“May I drive your car?” Jenny says slowly because she is unsure that she can really drive.
	She seldom drives a car after getting the driving license; it is well enough for her to distinguish brake from accelerator.
	In fact, this is an excuse for Adan to say he is not in the mood. Just now, he was in a trance with looking at Jenny and worried that Jenny would tell him something he was unwilling to accept. As a result, he did not notice the traffic to make a mistake.
	Adan is afraid that Jenny will leave him. Though Jenny was in love with Frankie for years, he held the view that Frankie was too superficial to match Jenny. Eventually, their broken-up falls within his expectation.
	Adan also believes that he would be the best option of being Jenny’s boyfriend after Frankie. However, Luke Lu is unpredicted to enter into Jenny’s life.
	The accident comes so suddenly that he swifts most of jobs from Hong Kong to the mainland China right away when he read the news about Jenny and Luke on newspaper.
	“Adan, it really frightened me. Take good care of yourself. That cannot happen anymore!”
	Jenny does not calm down until now; she holds the safety belt in a quick breath.
	A moment about life and death.
	Adan feels regretful as well as kind of lucky. He is regretful at his distraction on driving, as well he is lucky that Jenny’s words were stopped.
	He would not like to ask Jenny more, pretending not to know anything about them.
	The elegant restaurant locates beside a lake. No matter looking from a little far away or closely, customers will have fantastic night view of the lake through the French window.
	One minute after having a seat in the restaurant, they hear the noise of rolling wheels of a trunk.
	Jenny waves hand to the one at the door, “I’m here.”
	Victoria leaves her trunk to a waiter and moves towards their table.
	She has a seat beside Jenny with eyes focused on Adan sitting on the opposite. Then she says in a lower voice.
	“Who recommends you here? Good decoration, and so appealing.”
	Adan serves her a cup of tea and says, “Girl, you are here now. Any appealing view will turn out to wild.”
	Victoria finishes all the tea, “So you blame me for bothering you two?”
	“No, no…” Adan cannot say anything else and shows her the menu to ask, “What would you like to have? We ordered some. You can add on.”
	“I am too hungry to be picky.” She does not read the menu and passes it to the waiter, only to say, “Hurry up! Go to serve some signature dishes.”
	Jenny and Adan have a speechless smile to each other.
	“What are you laughing at?” Victoria is unpleased to say, “If you neither have anything from last night, you would get to eat kids’ lollipops. I still can control myself.”
	“Yes, you can.” Jenny refills some water for her, “You stay hungry too long. Have some warm tea first.”
	“You cannot imagine how insane my boss is! Well. I try to stop talking about him. He bothered me too much.”
	Jenny asks in curiosity, “Is it true?”
	She has met George for several times and hardly believes he is a man of picking on girls.
	“Of course. Absolutely. He is crazy! He asked me to buy him coffee at 2am; he changed dress every half day and did not allow any crease on his dress that he planned to change in the airplane from Xicheng to HS City before landing; he requested me to get toothpaste and water ready for him before he brushing teeth. May I ask have you ever knew such a boss before?”
	“Excuse me?” Adan raises his hand and talks with her seriously, “Toothpaste ready? You were in the same hotel room?”
	“It was a suite. I had one room and so did he. Every morning, I have to iron his dress, get toothpaste and water for him. I said he is crazy!”
	“No. You daddy will stop you if he knows how tough the job is.”
	Adan frowns to ask, “Which company are you from? Would you like to change the job? I might help you.”
	“No, thank you.” Victoria stops Adan, “Don’t do that. Yesterday I scolded him for his idling away, I will also be shameful at getting away so soon. I have to be strong enough to fight back the evil man.”
	Jenny bursts into laugher with these words, “Fight back? I will be bothered by you too much before you fighting back.”
	She gets used to listening to Victoria’s complaint about her boss. Fortunately, Jenny gets an interval during her business trip; if not, she will go mad too.
Chapter 153 Confess
	"Don't talk about me. I've been away on business for two days and a lot has happened in Xicheng. Jenny, are you okay?"
	Jenny is having tea. She looks stunned and smiles faintly.
	"What can happen to me? Didn't things just get all worked out?"
	"I just got off the plane and watched the news. Your boss knows well how to be tender toward woman. He's actually personally addressing the negative news about his company's artists!" Victoria looks at Jenny ambiguously.
	"I wasn't going to keep anything from you about Mr. Lu's relationship with me, he and I are..."
	"Ahem..." Adan suddenly coughs and interrupts Jenny, "Do you think we should add another dessert? The brown sugar patties at this restaurant are great."
	Victoria frowns at Adan with a complex look. She stops talking for a long while, but finally doesn't continue what she has just said.
	Adan casually changes the subject to Victoria's graduation project and talks about the business over in Hong Kong. He says that his parents miss Jenny and want her to visit them in Hong Kong sometime. He seems to keep deliberately avoiding the topic of something.
	For example, Jenny's company, this incident, and everything that has to do with Luke.
	Careless as Victoria is, she can see that something is wrong.
	After dinner, they chat for a while. Adan is supposed to give them a lift, but Jenny refuses. Not only does she refuse, but she also asks him to take a cab home himself because she says she is worried about his mental state.
	So Victoria inevitably learns that he almost has a car accident on the way here.
	In the taxi ride home, Jenny sits with her mask on and the brim of her hat lowers. She doesn't say a word, but Victoria keeps sighing, which makes Jenny can’t resist poking her with her arm, "What are you doing?"
	"Did you ever feel like Adan was wrong today?"
	"Yes."
	Jenny frowns and says in a muffled tone, "He seems to be talking more than usual."
	She has always been careless than the normal person in terms of relationships, and doesn't have much of a desire for relationships. Just like in the beginning, she wasn't sure if she liked Frankie or not, but when Frankie said he liked her, she felt like she didn't hate the feeling of being with him and agreed.
	Victoria's mouth quirks, "Don't you realize Adan has something on his mind?"
	"What's on his mind?"
	"He interrupted you several times when you were talking about the company and what you were doing with Mr. Lu. He was changing the subject. Didn't you catch that?"
	Speaking of this, Jenny freezes slightly.
	It is true. She is going to tell them about her marriage to Luke.
	"So what exactly are you originally going to tell us? I think Adan is trying to avoid something on purpose." Victoria looks puzzled as she leans back in her seat.
	Jenny looks up at the back of the driver. The driver is an honest man. He's only been driving all the way home and hasn't been chatting with them. She is relieved and lowersher voice, "I don't know if Adan's avoiding something, but I'm sure he doesn't know what I'm about to say. I wasn't going to hide anything from you, so..."
	"What is it, exactly? Don't beat around the bush with me. Just say it."
	"I got married."
	"What?" Victoria bounces out of the car seat almost instantly. Her head hits the roof of the car directly, causing her and the driver to both let out a scream.
	"Lady, be careful. My car can't take a hit like that from you!"
	The driver gasps and looks distressed.
	Victoria hurriedly apologizes to the driver. Then she is pulled by Jenny to sit nicely in the car seat.
	"When did that happen?" She questions Jenny in a low voice, "No, with who?"
	Jenny hesitates for a moment and then looks at the driver. Victoria understands what she means and then shuts her mouth, turning her head in pique and not speaking.
	When they get home, Victoria slams the door. As soon as she enters the room she pulls up a chair and sits down, holding her arms in an attitude of scrutiny and examining Jenny, "Tell me the truth and you will receive a lighter sentence!"
	Jenny puts down her house keys and bag. She changes her slippers and enters the house through the entrance with her hands up, looking like she is afraid of her, "I wasn't going to hide anything from you. You've been so busy since you got back, so I didn't have time to tell you."
	The day Victoria returned was just the day the reality show filming started. Her house was full of cameras and she had to be very careful with every move she made, so she didn't even have the heart to talk to Jenny about it.
	"Cut it out. I've been back for almost a month. Hurry up and tell me the truth."
	Jenny laughs helplessly and says, "Luke."
	"What?" Victoria practically slaps the table and stands up. She looks at Jenny with a stiff face and says slowly and clearly, "Oh, my god. Is that Luke from the Luke Up Group?"
	"What? Do you know Luke? Why didn't he tell me about you?"
	Jenny jokes as she speaks briefly about the fact that she has gotten a marriage license with Luke.
	Victoria remains petrified on the spot, not having regained consciousness from the news she has just heard.
	Jenny reaches out and waves a hand in front of her eyes. She hesitates for a moment, "Maybe you should hold off for a while. I'm going to boil the kettle..."
	Victoria still doesn't respond.
	Jenny has to turn to the kitchen to boil the water.
	A short while later, a howl erupts from inside the living room. Jenny looks back and sees Victoria collapsing on the couch and hugging a pillow. She seems to be is in tears, "Oh my God, you're married to Luke. Adan is so pathetic. Isn't there any hope for him anymore?"
	Jenny puts down the kettle and goes to the fridge to get fruit. She listens silently to Victoria talking to herself in the living room.
	Victoria continues to talk to herself until Jenny goes into the bathroom to take a shower.
	Jenny has just stepped into the bathroom when a hand reaches in and blocks her from closing the door.
	Victoria leaps into the bathroom like a nimble monkey and closes the door.
	"What are you doing? Do you want to shower first?" Jenny asks in surprise.
	"It's girlfriends’ bubble bath chat time. Let's meet naked, and you're not prone to lying!"
	"What?"
	"Take off your clothes. I'll take off first!" Victoria undresses herself immediately and then reaches for Jenny's.
	"Haha... stop! Hahaha..." Jenny is tickled by Victoria and can’t stop laughing. She dodges Victoria's hand while running around with her clothes cover.
	Finally, she has no choice but to raise her hand in surrender, "I'll take it off by myself, all right?"
	The bathroom is dense with water. The two of them are soaking in a bathtub, which seems slightly crowded.
	The water is all foamy and Victoria is still looking at her as she crosses her arms over her chest.
	Jenny can’t stand her looking at her like that. She says with a hollow laugh, "Have you ever felt that this atmosphere looks like a scene from a martial arts drama? When I made a guest appearance in a martial arts drama before, the heroine took a bath, but there was no water in the tub, it was all humidifiers. Did you know that?"
	"Jenny, how do you and Luke know each other?"
	Her question gets Jenny stuck.
	"How long have you known each other? What kind of person is he? Is he good to you? Why did you marry without telling anyone?"
Chapter 154 My Family
	Victoria seems to have just been clearing her mind, and now she is asking a lot of questions all at once.
	Jenny is a little overwhelmed.
	"And how's his family? Are they treating you well? When are you going to have the wedding?"
	"Wait...you're asking so many questions at once. Which one should I answer first?"
	"One at a time!"
	"We met at the drugstore about three months ago. It was the time when I bought Jessica a pregnancy test and made the news. He was buying ...well..."
	What the hell is she supposed to say about this?
	Jenny hesitates for a moment, "He went to buy medicine too and we just met. Then we accidentally switched phones, and then we got to know each other."
	"And then...what should I say? I can't explain what happened after that. We just got married. I had to get married anyway, right? He's nice, and he treats me well..."
	"No, I have to meet him." Victoria frowns as if she is worried, "My only best friend is married to him. Shouldn't I have to meet him?"
	"How about I call him later? Make an appointment with him?"
	"That's more like it."
	Victoria looks satisfied as she leans against the tub, "I'm kind of half your family. I can't let you be bullied."
	"Fine, you're my family, okay?"
	Lying in the bathtub, Victoria stares at Jenny's chest with a lustful look, "I feel like your boobs are bigger than ever. Honestly speaking, do you have a special way of enlarging your boobs?"
	Jenny blushes as she holds her chest, "No. I didn't."
	"I don't believe it. Let me see..."
	Victoria looks like she is coming to see her boobs as she pats the splash.
	Jenny dodges her hand with a scream. The whole bathroom echoes with the sound of splashing water.
	"Come on, let me take a look. I've got everything you've got. Don't be shy..."
	"..."
	"Oh, my god! I can't hold yours with one hand! How could that be?"
	"Victoria, get your hands off me. You pervert..."
	"You're the legendary D-cup, aren't you? I'm going to start a post on the internet to dig deep into the bras of the stars back in the day! You're the first one I'll say!"
	"Damn you... "Jenny can’t stop her from touching her chest, so she simply reaches out for hers as well, "How dare you talk about me! You're at least a C-cup yourself!"
	"Well, mine can't compare to your D-cups either..."
	"You've never had sex with a man before. By the time you've had sex with a man, you must still have room to grow two cups..."
	"You mean you've had sex with men, right?" Victoria looks at Jenny teasingly as if she knows a great secret.
	Jenny immediately shuts her mouth and blushes.
	"Don't pretend with me. I know all about it. Hahaha, come on. Hurry up and tell me what it's like to have sex for the first time..."
	"You..." This sort of thing is still a bit of a shame for Jenny. She looks down and thinks back to the scene when she has made love to Luke, and suddenly she can’t stop the images in her head. She blushes suddenly as if she is on fire and hot.
	"I don't want to talk about it." She stands up abruptly from the tub and pulls a towel around herself and hurries out of the bathroom.
	Victoria, of course, won’t leave her alone. She chases after her with naked body right out of the bathroom and acts like she will never give up.
	She is genuinely curious. After all, she is a single woman who has never been in a relationship but has seen a lot of pornography, and she really lacks practical experience when it comes to sex. It is hard for her best friend to have experience, so of course she has to share.
	"Hey, just tell me about it!"
	It goes on until midnight and Victoria just doesn’t let Jenny sleep.
	Outside, the night is dark and the wind is blowing against the glass window. Jenny shrinks inside the blanket, takes a deep breath and slowly exhales again. She is hesitant, nervous, and embarrassed to say such things, "Actually, the first time we had sex was a feeling of wanting and not wanting. It really hurt the first time..."
	The sound of the north wind whistling is dying down and the whole city is heating up. The arrival of spring makes the flowers in Xicheng start to burst their buds.
	And now, late at night, there are flowers that bloom with venom.
	Inside the Brilliant Entertainment Group building, the sounds of struggle and havoc are coming from the restroom of the artist's studio.
	After the news about Jessica's miscarriage is clarified, Brilliant Group's stock plummets. Myles has been scolded by his own father on the phone, and he has nowhere to vent his anger. He wants to talk to Sky this afternoon to clear his mind, but he gets slammed in front of her studio.
	"Miss Song had an appointment to go out with someone today. She didn't come to the company." Sky's assistant just closes the door and says cautiously.
	"Shit..." Myles curses. He glares at her assistant and says coldly, "Miss Song really knows how to play ear, doesn't she?"
	Sky usually stays at the company and can’t wait to show up in front of him eight times a day. Today he is in a bad mood, but she is gone. She really has a good head on her shoulders.
	He is thinking of going back to his office to find his secretary to have some fun, but as he is getting on the elevator, he just happens to see Ashton Turner.
	Ashton is the agent Brilliant Entertainment has assigned to Jessica.
	"Mr. Hopkins..." Ashton is standing respectfully. It looks like he is on to something.
	Myles hesitates for a moment and asks, "Do you have anything else to do today? Why are you still at the company?"
	It is the end of the day now. What is Ashton still doing in the office?
	"Miss Vogt is staying at the office today. She's worried about being blocked by the press if she goes out, so I'm going to get her something to eat."
	"Oh?" An obscure light flashes in Myles' eyes.
	Jessica is drowsy on the lounge couch. Her head is heavy. Ashton has gone out to get her something to eat and hasn't come back for half a day. She doesn't know where he has gone.
	When it is dark, there is a sound of a door opening at the lounge door, and the person who comes in seems to have locked it.
	Jessica manages to lift her eyes toward the door. She asks subconsciously, "Ashton, I don't want to eat anymore. I don't feel well. If there aren't any reporters downstairs, can you take me to the hospital?"
	"Hospital? You've caused so much damage to the company, and you're still expecting us to send you to the hospital?" The cold voice instantly brings Jessica back to her senses.
	She opens her eyes all at once and sees the man in front of her.
	Myles is carrying a bag of food in his hands and tosses it on the table, "I've been kind to you, haven't I? I did everything you wanted to do for you. But what about what you return to me, Jessica?"
	"I...I'll work hard to bring profits to the company in the future."
	"Do you think you'll ever get a job again?" Myles snickers, "Which director would dare to employ you, a female artist who has a bad reputation? What brand would dare to ask you for representation? Do you know how much Brilliant Entertainment has paid out for you just in breach of contract?"
	"I...Mr. Hopkins, I'll get another chance later. What happened today is not the truth. You've been in the entertainment business for so long, you won't fail to understand...It's all Jenny's dirty tricks...She's just having an affair with Luke. You have to believe me..."
	Jessica tugs at Myles' arm, looking like a mess.
	"Of course I believe you." Myles moves his hand up the smooth back of Jessica's hand all the way to her shoulder, collarbone, and then her chin. Then he lifts her chin up all at once, forcing her to face him.
	"Of course I'm going to trust my woman."
Chapter 155 Cut off Hands or Feet?
	Jessica trembles with fear, subconsciously hiding back from him.
	Myles does not hinder her, and let her out of his control. He twists the two fingers that have just pinched her chin, and says with a sneer, "Why, don't you agree with me? Shall I escort you out now to meet your fiancé?"
	"No... I won’t see him..." Jessica subconsciously touches her right face, as if she can still feel the pain that Frankie caused her in the morning.
	It was after the press conference in the morning, when she awkwardly went back to the backstage and Frankie gave her a slap.
	She could even feel that Frankie’s voice is still in her ears, " Jessica, I hate those who cheat me the most. I have fully understood your malice. In the past, I was really blind, did not see you through."
	"Hill Group is nothing to me in Xicheng. Anyway, you are a star. Why do you have a crush on Frankie? I see that guy takes very good care of Jenny who is from your company. In his eyes, you are just a fertility machine, right? And now that you've lost your child, you could not even dare see him? "
	"Don't say any more." Jessica grits her teeth, tears streaming down.
	Myles takes a seat on the sofa, a little closer to her. He raises his hand and takes two paper towels from the table and hands them to her. "Tut, look, you are so beautiful even when you are crying, Frankie really does not know how to love and cherish you.
	"What do you want?" Jessica shrinks back.
	"Well? I am not in a good mood today. If you make me comfortable, I will certainly have the means to make you successful again. Don't you want to return to your previous glory?"
	"Do you... do you still have a way?"
	Myles turns his head and stares at Jessica with a pair of sly eyes. "It depends on how you serve me."
	"... I can use other ways... Mr. Hopkins, please, do not..."
	Screams and cries erupt in the small lounge, but as the intensity of the man's violence dwindles, Jessica clenches her teeth and drops a tear from the corner of her eye.
	“Jenny, all this is because of you.” She thinks bitterly.
	...
	The next day, Victoria oversleeps and hurriedly changes her clothes to go to work in the morning. Before leaving, she does not forget to remind Jenny to ask Luke to invite her to have a meal.
	Jenny answers her in a daze and sleep again.
	She has an appointment with Luke at night, but she hasn't received his message yet. She does not know whether he will come or not.
	...
	And in Brilliant Entertainment , Sky well-dressed walks into Myles's office, and Myles comes out of the bathroom, wearing a bathrobe. The slovenly appearance makes her instantly have a feeling of nausea.
	"Is it inappropriate for Mr. Myles to dress like this in the morning?"
	"Hey, is Miss Song here?" Myles glances at the direction of the bathroom with ambiguous eyes. "Just at the right moment, you come here. Take those two clothes to the bathroom and put them on her. At least she is an entertainer of our company. She can't go out like that."
	Sky frowns. "Entertainer?"
	She immediately goes into the bathroom.
	There is a woman lying in the bathtub, with a strange flush on her face, as if she is about to collapse, with her eyes closed, and she looks very uncomfortable. In this way, who could recognize her as the glamorous double film winner Jessica?
	Startled, she hurries forward, pushing her shoulders and calling to her, "Jessica? Jessica?"
	Sky shouts so many times that she does not hear her reply.
	"What happened to her?"
	"She probably does not eat anything yesterday. She had too much fun playing with me last night. Now she's tired." Myles stands at the door of the bathroom, with an indifferent attitude. Instead, he takes the opportunity to verbally flirt with Sky. "You have seen how powerful I am."
	"Get someone to take her to the hospital, she is not good." Sky is not willing to talk nonsense with him. She wraps Jessica in a bathrobe and glances at Myles who is still at the door. "Don't you come to help?"
	Myles frowns. "Just a woman," he says. "She is nothing to me..."
	"She has been in Jade Picture for many years and knows so many secrets. Don't you want to know your opponent? If something bad happens to her, it's hard to find someone who knows that much more."
	Sky's tone is quick and urgent, which makes Myles issues a sneer.
	"You're afraid she's dead, and no one could be able to help you to defeat your rivals, right?"
	"You don't need to know what my purpose is. In short, we're on the same road. Since we're on the same road, it's better to help each other. "Sky's words are very cold, just like her mood at the moment.
	Myles frowns, and finally calls someone to send Jessica to the hospital. He always wonders how can he be stumped by this woman.
	...
	On the other side, in front of the auditorium, Jenny stands in an inconspicuous corner with two tickets.
	She bundles herself up, wearing hats, masks and scarves, so as not to be recognized.
	Luke hasn't contacted her yet. The appointment is about 7: 30. She could not wait even at six o 'clock. She just took a little food and then went out, and she has been waiting for him at the theatre gate for almost 1 hour in the frozen weather.
	At 7: 20, Luke still does not come and does not have a phone call. She can't help calling, but there is no answer for a long time. She hesitates for a moment and calls Lillian.
	"Is Mr. Lu in the company?"
	"No, he left the company two hours ago, saying that he had something to do, what happened?"
	"Nothing, I am just asking."
	After hanging up the phone, Jenny takes a deep breath, rubs her hands in the cold wind, looks at the theater door, nobody is there anymore, and she turns to check in. It is not supposed that he will come.
	At 7: 40, the drama starts on time. Rupert Wright is a famous drama actor and a national first-class actor. His acting skills are recognized by the whole nation. He is a real idol of Jenny.
	Her attention is attracted by the drama, and she does not even feel that someone suddenly sits down on the seat beside her. When she turns over the bag and tries to find a paper towel to wipe her tears, she catches a glimpse of the corner of a suit by her side.
	She subconsciously turns her head and sees a familiar face.
	The sharp outline, the unsmiling face, he also happens to raise his head and hands her a handkerchief. "Wipe your tears."
	The faint smell of cologne perfume on his body reassures her.
	She smiles through tears and does not react for a long time, and even forgets to picks up the handkerchief.
	Luke gives her a deep look, and raises his hand and wipes the tears on her cheek.
	Out of the auditorium, Jenny bows her head and walks beside Luke. After hesitating for a long time, she asks, "Why are you late? Are you busy?"
	Luke frowns slightly. "There was something to deal with temporarily."
	When they are talking, a couple is passing by, and the man looks unhappy. "Every time I have to wait for you. This time I even have been waiting for you for two hours, and the drama is almost over. My dear, can you go out early next time?"
	"I have to make up and change clothes. It's natural for men to wait for women. Those who are late should be pull out and cut their hands and feet. You want hands or feet?"
	Jenny gives a quick laugh and looks up at Luke.
Chapter 156 This is A Date
	Luke still looks expressionless, but his eyes fall on the couple in distance.
	The young man is probably angry with his girlfriend and sees that Luke staring at him. He gives them a fierce stare, "What are you staring at?"
	Jenny feels astonished, thinks that how dare this guy...
	Luke is still staring at that young man coldly.
	The girl pulls the young man, "what’s wrong with you? Did they bother you? "
	The young man sees Luke's eyes, frowns, and then takes a step back along his girlfriend's pulling, and leaves with murmuring.
	The dialogue between the two people goes in Jenny's ears, sounds very strange.
	"That girl, just when I wait for you, she is also waiting at the door, until the opening, that man didn't come. Although the man looks not bad, he make his girlfriend wait in the cold wind for more than two hours!"
	"Really? Is that true ? The man looks gentle."
	"You can't judge a man by his appearance. Not everyone is as easy-going as I am."
	"Come on," says the girl, but she puts her hand in his arm. For a moment she realizes something and pinches him. The voice goes faint. "Hum... Are you just staring at that girl? You have watched her for more than two hours... "
	"Ouch, ouch... Don't screw me..."
	When the couple walks away, Jenny raises her head and looks at Luke. "Let's go."
	It's getting late, the clock tower is about to ring the midnight bell, and the whole city is brightly lit and beautiful.
	Walking on kerb, Jenny looks cautiously at the side face of Luke, feeling that he is not happy with the the man’s words. So she explains.
	"In fact, you don't have to mind what they say. Nobody says that boys must have to wait for girls."
	Jenny herself is not such a person. She always doesn't like to keep others waiting. Instead, she is comfortable if wait for others.
	"Dating?" Luke twists his face and looks at Jenny, and his tone seems to be somewhat surprised.
	"Well, doesn't it count?" Jenny is nervous and touches her cuff. Isn't watching drama together a kind of dating?
	Seeing Luke doesn’t speak, she feels a little embarrassed and tries to relieve the situation incoherently. "ha ha, that’s right, just watching a drama is not a date certainly. I haven't dated with others before, so I have no experience. I just see other boys and girls who are watching movie as dating, so since we watched drama together, I thought it is dating..."
	What she says when nervous or embarrassed makes her words more meaningless.
	With that, she even wants to give herself a slap in the face.
	What a fool.
	"On a date, there should be something else to do in the evening." Luke’s voice breaks the embarrassing mood in her heart. She raises her head and looks in surprise at his handsome face.
	She suddenly feels warm in her palm, she subconsciously lowers her head to look her hand. Luke's big hand quietly takes her hand, leading her toward the front.
	She is at a loss after being pulled by Luke.
	"Where shall we go?"
	“The fireworks."
	"Ah? But the time... "
	At midnight, the city's most famous fireworks square is already empty. Usually, the fireworks show ends at 10:30. Only the evening of New Year's Eve and New Year's Day is delayed until 12:00.
	Luke is not concerned about these things, and Jenny has just returned to China and has been very busy, so after they arrive at the Fireworks Square, they are stunned.
	Except stray cats and dogs, the whole square is just empty.
	Fallen leaves rustling and rustling, a gust of wind blowing, makes people feel extremely cold .
	"There must be no fireworks today."
	Jenny looks at the sign of Fireworks Square, which clearly states that fireworks display is held from 8:30 to 10:30 every Monday to Friday night, then 11 p.m. on weekends and 12 p.m. on holidays.
	Today is neither weekend nor a holiday. Looking at the empty square, the fireworks seems finishing already.
	Luke's face reveals a trace of embarrassment. "Or, let’s go to see the sunrise."
	Jenny shrinks her neck. "I have an appointment with the designer of Eshmour tomorrow. If I watch the sunrise with you, I might not be able to do my job tomorrow."
	Hearing this, Luke feels a bit disappointed.
	Jenny has been living in her own apartment during this period of time, while Luke's mother has been living in Flower House. She feels not comfortable if she moves at this moment, so she finally gives up the idea.
	As for the wedding, the Lu’s family has been preparing it for quite a while. Luke's mother seems to be in a hurry. She hopes the wedding will be held early so that no one will gossip.
	"You should go to granny's to have a meal with her some time these days. Do you have any suggestions about the time of our wedding?"
	On the way home, Luke reminds Jenny.
	Jenny feels astonished and she hesitates. "I will probably have to join the team soon since I have a play, and I don't know how long it will take to shoot. There is still a play that was shot six months ago, and I will need to attend the promotion and go to several cities. It's probably not good in these two months..."
	Seeing that Luke is not happy. She lowers her head and her voice gradually diminishes.
	She has her own ideas. The problem of Jin’s has not made any progress so far, and it is not clear whether it is related to Lu’s. In case of that, problems of her own family will inevitably be involved in their marriage. She does not want the marriage relationship to become so complicated.
	She's a public figure, and if their wedding doesn't go well, she does not want others to pay too much attention to their lives, what she wants is just a good ending after a good beginning.
	She has left a road for her to return even from the beginning, and by delaying the wedding now, she is setting herself a way out.
	Luke looks at her deeply, as if he can see through her, and for a moment he drops a word,
	"Up to you."
	Jenny gathers her coat collar, stands at the gate of the residential area with her bag and looks at the taillights of Luke's car in a daze, she feels hard.
	She seems to have stuck herself in a dead end.
	Clearly in the beginning, she just wants to investigate her family's case with Luke's position advantage, but now she just hopes Luke can't help her anything. It's best that the things of the past have nothing to do with his family, and the things that she is investigating also has nothing to do with him.
	A blast of cold comes over her, and she sneezes and goes upstairs rubbing her nose.
	Outside the community, under the huge camphor tree, there is a car with lights off, and there is a pair of cold eyes behind the window of the car. Luke does not restart the car until she goes upstairs safely and lights up lamps.
	There is a unread message on the phone. With a "tick", the white message shows up.
	"Luke, although what Jessica said sounds make sense, you can't believe it in total. You can not misunderstand Jenny. You have to look into this matter about Jenny by yourself. If you are not convenient to intervene, I can help you check it out."
	Luke looks down at the message on his phone and frowns.
Chapter 157 An Inevitable Meet
	In the central hospital, there is nobody in the VIP room.
	At mid night, Jessica wakes up lying on the white bed, with severe pain on the lower body. She looks more paler than the color of bed sheet.
	For sleeping one day, she woke up only one time in the middle, getting to know Sky Song dropped her off.
	Doctor told her there is not serious problem but Hypoglycemia as well as trauma of vaginal which is already sutured. With her slightly move, she will feel terribly painful on the wound.
	In the eyes of Myles, Jessica is total useless to him. But to Sky, she could help her a lot. She does not mind that Sky is making use of her; what she eagers to do is to get the girl who harmed her so much out of Xicheng.
	“You destroyed my marriage. I will let you pay for what you did to me.”
	In the morning of the next day, Jenny is called by Shawn to take a flight. She is scheduled to join a show in JL City. On arrival in the airport, she gets to know Christina and Ada who often tags along with Christina, will also be in the same trip.
	When Christina sees Jenny, she takes off her sunglasses and rolls her eyes at Jenny, “It’s interesting. The show invited Jessica. Now she is replaced by another trending one. Do they have any limit?”
	Before Jenny replies, Shawn stares at Christina and says, “Excuse me. Tony did not tell you? This show invites you after Jenny agreed to go; if you would not like to join it, please take a taxi back to the office. Who cares?”
	Christina is annoyed at her refutation. And Ada also tries to ease her anger, so she has to stop talking anymore.
	Jenny keeps silence all the time and turns back to have a seat.
	This is what Christina usually does that her words always come before thinking. But Jessica who mentored her before has been respected and cherished by her. Now Jessica is in trouble, which does not keep her away yet. Though company does not forbid other artists from visiting Jessica, no one else except her is willing to do.
	At present, Jessica is gossiped so much that nobody would like to get involved in her life.
	In that way, Christina is not someone who does gives in so easily.
	Ada says, “Hey! Christina, I see Jenny is very nice and easygoing. Why not be nice to her too?”
	“Shut up!” Christina says to Ada, and feels unhappy to have a look at Jenny.
	She continues to say to Ada, “You know? No one knows all about the entertainment industry, not to mention those reporters. You believe what they say? I don’t know whether Jenny is nice or not; she does not work with us. Anyway, it is always Jessica who recommended us to get some jobs.
	Ada also looks at Jenny and soon makes her head down, “I know Jenny is really friendly to everyone…”
	“Stop! Ada. Don’t go with me if keep talking like that.”
	“Ok, ok. I finish.”
	The flight is delayed and they arrive in JL City in the evening. After make-up in short time, they rush to be on the stage without any rehearsal.
	When the show host is introducing Jenny, she stands behind the big double-door screen, in a black-lace dress and a ten-centimeter black high heels with red bottoms. Today she dresses up as an evil princess.
	The host says, “Let’s welcome the most popular girl, Jenny Jin, and her bestie Christina and Ada.”
	The audience show their passion about their appearance with great applaud. With the rhythm of music, Jenny walks gorgeously between Christina and Ada, through an amazing runway.
	It was planned to show her dance in this step. Now that they cannot rehearse due to the flight’s delay, Jenny has to walk on runway instead of dance.
	This is an awarded host by the “Golden Microphone Prize” and it is also a popular entertainment show, which gains extremely high ratings in the evening of Saturdays.
	The theme today is “The rise of the youngers”. The invited guests are girls of young generation, including Jenny who started to be well known for now being and Christina who already has her name in the industry before graduation from university.
	After Jenny stops on the stage and finishes her self-introduction, she finds Sky sitting on her opposite chair.
	She arrives too late to ask Shawn that who else is also invited here with her. She has never imagined Sky is here.
	As expected, host has a talk with Jenny about her recent problems.
	But the skinny host with white complexion does not ask directly, “Jenny, how are you recently? We know you have some problem and all fans are concerned about it. They got to know you joined our show and left messages to my posts of Weibo, to let me take good care of you.
	Jenny smiles and says, “I appreciate all the regards and supports from my fans. I am no bad. Hoping you will watch my new program 8:30 at Friday Night sponsored by LT Cream as well as the internet TV series Probe Lamp coming soon.”
	The host returns a polite smile and replies, “Now a lot of people get information about your new series. I think its investors should pay us some of advertising fee. Right?”
	The audience burst into laughter and everyone here gets relaxed.
	During the following steps, Jenny performs as who she is. To visit their living conditions, Jenny’s apartment goes public again. Actually, it is not strange to the fans because it was revealed earlier before. Sky’s house in France is much more attractive to all.
	That is a castle sitting beside a lake and hidden among mountains, just like in a fairyland.
	Sky explains some details, “This is my grandfather’s house. My grandmother used to dream living in a castle like a princess; my grandfather took efforts of his whole life eventually to buy this castle as a gift to her. After my grandfather passing away, my grandmother lived there for ten years. After her passing away, both of their tombs locate in a cemetery nearby, opposite to the castle across the lake.”
	The love story, true or false, makes a moving one to the audience. Jenny believes it will be more touching with polish in post-production.
	She has to admit that Sky is good at telling a story to inspire audience’s emotion.
	When the host asks Jenny’s views about the castle, she does not think twice to say, “It is a lovely place to take photos, but I prefer to stay in my space.”
	She has not finished her words but sees Shawn winks to her all the time. She stops for a few seconds and goes on, “Anyway I have never lived in a castle, it should be very cozy too.”
	Shawn is speechless.
	This is why she does not arrange Jenny to join many TV shows; Jenny is the one who always tells her feeling in heart. If the show organizers are professional, there will be no troubles. On the contrary, if they distort what she said, she will be in great trouble.
	The show is on air. There is a game for the guests, namely Quickfire Questions. One of the questions is regarding the factors for their determination of partners. It is a game that answerers have to give answers without any waiting period, only by instinctive thinking.
Chapter 158 Early Birds Catch Worms
	The results make Jenny and Sky some of embarrassed. Generally, both of them will fall in love with the same kind of men who are mature, determined and insightful as well as hard-working in the business.
	In appearance, nobody considers it is odd from a game. In fact, the two of them understand what the result means.
	As soon as the show ends, the friendly host Jonah suggests to eat something together.
	Everyone is happy to go to a hotpot restaurant where is streaming and warm inside.
	Today Jenny’s hair is tied as a bun. It makes her tattoo on the back neck seen clearly when she lowers her head to eat.
	Jonah says in excitement, “Hey! Jenny. Is that a tattoo on your back neck! I wish I get one also. But I am too timid to do.”
	Jenny touches her neck by instinct with listening to this. She gave a shy smile and says, “So am I. However, I have to cover a scar here.”
	“Stop! Not to talk that you got the scar from bite by fish, now we don’t have any reporter here. All people have adolescence. Don’t you have it? or you would like to pretend on to be a good girl?” Christina interrupts in a sharp voice. Although she has heard about Jenny’s this accident, she never trusts the scar bitten by fish cannot be repaired.
	“Excuse me? Christina.” To his surprise, Jonah asks, “Bitten by fish?”
	Jenny frowns and answers, “Nobody could believe the accident I ever had. Not talk about it anymore.”
	“Is it a salamander? Usually in the aquarium” someone says.
	Jonah opens his eyes wide and says, “I know. Some fish can bite deeply to flesh. It hardly recovers unless you get an operation.”
	Jenny waits too long before someone trusts her for this, and asks with smile, “Jonah, you really know it!”
	Shawn glances at Christina and says,
	“Of course. Jonah is so knowledgeable and different from someone who is ignorant but still laughs at others.”
	Christina feels too angry for her irony to sit still here. With an unhappy look, she changes to one of the other tables for meal.
	Here she sits with Sky and her team who are having light and healthy food. But these food does not cater to her; she might go back to the original table. Just now, she hears someone say, “Waiter, please serve some spicy source and two lambs.”
	It is Sky. Christina turns to watch her. Sky looks like to be born in a foreign family or a mixed-blood girl. In sight of such an angel, pretty and gentle, nobody is willing to be angry with her.
	Christina realizes her mind was seen through and says, “Thank you.”
	Sky says, “You’re welcome. If I don’t have to protect my throat to sing, I love spicy food too much. Envy you could eat it.”
	“No, you don’t need to. Jenny neither eats spicy food without singing. Do you know she will get swelling on her face with eating spice? Thank God I was born with superpower to eat whatever, not to get acne or fat.”
	Christina chats a lot with Sky while eating lamb.
	Sky looks at Jenny’s tattoo on neck and whispers to Christina, “You said Jenny told a lie? Why? Is it a tattoo?”
	“Yes. It is her tattoo.” Christina puts down her chopsticks and answers in indignation.
	“I don’t believe she said the tattoo is there for covering a scar. I am sure she was not a good girl before. Why doesn’t she admit it? Keep talking that, when she was young, she tried to save somebody’s life in an aquarium and then was bitten by a salamander. Am I an idiot to trust this?”
	Sky feels unease about her words about Jenny’ experience and continues to ask, “Aquarium? How did she fall into water in an aquarium?
	“She said it was a pool of salamanders or other fishes of deep sea. Now she cannot remember details, but was told by her daddy that she saved someone from the pool and had a high fever then, as a result, she lost the memory of the accident.
	“How old was she for the accident?”
	“She should be a teenage girl to save a boy. Oh, I remember she was twelve or thirteen years old. She is good at swimming.”
	Jenny is three years younger than Luke. Luke was fifteen years old when Jenny was twelve years.
	Luke cannot swim all the time.
	When he was fifteen years old, Luke just left the army. At that time, Sky went back to Xicheng to meet him for the first time. Both of them went to the aquarium where they were separated in a big crowd and Luke even fell in to the pool. The moment Sky called her guards there to see him, the staff said he was saved by a girl who was already taken by her parents.
	Sky keeps this in mind for years.
	Is it Jenny who saved him?
	She cannot believe such a coincidence in the world.
	Is it fate that brought them together? She doubts it.
	Sky has a look at Christina and says, “Don’t mention it anymore. She will be more sympathized with more talking about it. Look at Jessica. Right?”
	Christina stops for a while and watches Jenny’s back in resentment.
	Soon after the meal, Sky takes a flight back to Xicheng.
	Jenny stays in JL City for this night.
	In the hotel, Cecelia mumbles, “Sky is so energetic to take the flight late night. Is she not tired?”
	Shawn rolls her eyes to her and say, “None of your business. Take care of yourself. We still have jobs in Xicheng tomorrow afternoon. Good night.”
	Cecelia goes on, “Well, let it go. But you see Sky is too diligent, should we ask Jenny to be more hardworking?”
	Jenny throws a pillow to her and says, “Get out please! Don’t talk with me! I am sleeping.”
	Cecelia takes the pillow and shrugs, “Ok, ok. Take it easy. I am leaving. No wonder you cannot be more popular, girl, too lazy.”
	Shawn confirms Jenny’s door and window are shut well and leaves her room. She talks toCecelia on the way to their rooms, “Stop talking about it to Jenny. The artists have their right timing to get rise. I think Sky’s popularity will be on the decline in two years. But Jenny has a long way to go. For you, do your jobs step by step. If not, you can work for another boss. Don’t stay work with me.”
	Jenny walks slowly to lock the room door and went back to lie on the bed.
	She is too exhausted to take a flight back to Xicheng tonight. She cannot understand why Sky has much energy to do it.
	Is it true that the early birds can get the worms?
	Jenny sends a message to Victoria about her idea. Soon she received a reply from Victoria expected not to sleep for now, “Early worms will sure to be caught by birds! Good night.”
Chapter 159 Interview
	As Jenny sleeps soundly at night in an unfamiliar city, Sky flies back to Xicheng with a heavy heart.
	She is sure that Luke will let bygones be bygones if he ever finds out that Jenny was the girl that rescued him many years ago. It doesn’t matter how much effort she put into tarnishing Jenny’s name, she will be fighting a losing battle the moment he knows about it.
	Sky understands Luke more than anyone, she knows what type of person he is. Luke doesn’t fully trust Jenny yet, but Sky will not stand a chance if he finds out that he owes Jenny his life.
	One careless move and she will lose the whole game.
	She cannot let Luke know about this, even if he finds out, she has to ensure that the person he finds out about is not Jenny.
	…
	Jenny isn’t able to meet up with Luke when she goes back in Xicheng the next day. Their promise to have a meal together at the Flower House is also called off. She receives two calls from the grandmother during the time, grandmother sounds rather disappointed when Jenny tells her that she is busy. Jenny feels a bit bad about it.
	Jessica is still recording the show on Fridays at 8:30 pm. The organizers of the show know about the beef between Jenny and Jessica, they arrange different timeslots for them for the shooting. It is a relieve for Jenny to know that she will not be in the same frame as Jessica. Jessica also manages to find somebody to delete the video of her pushing Jenny off the stairs, the clip isn’t shown on air.
	Though, there are many new topics about Jenny as she is trending for quite some time. She will often get tons of new followers on Weibo after the show is aired. Cecelia is the one managing her Weibo and she tells Jenny every day how many hundred thousand of new followers her Weibo is getting every day.
	Michael invites Jenny for dinner after the shooting of the reality show.
	There are rumours about them because of the incident at the natatorium, but Michael is nice enough to explain in Weibo about their relationship, claiming that they are only good friends. His fans are still unhappy about it, but Jenny manages to shut them down. They also calm down a lot after Michael tells them that he doesn’t want his fans to fight with other people.
	But Jenny is suspicious of his sudden kindness. She thinks that her manager Shawn is the reason behind this.
	It is more obvious now as they are having dinner together.
	“Eat some of this, it can improve your glow and keep your skin beautiful.”
	“I don’t really like this…”
	“Have some of this then, it's not fattening and it tastes really good.”
	“Michael, don’t mind me and just feel free to eat.”
	Shawn grimaces and has a disdainful look on her face as Michael keeps on pestering her.
	Jenny suddenly receives an invitation to an interview when they are eating. Shawn quickly pulls her to one side and helps her freshen up her look. Jenny glances with the side of her eyes and looks at Michael, he looks so reluctant to be part with Shawn. She can’t help but tease Shawn.
	“Shawn, I think that Michael is a nice guy. Why not think about it?”
	She feels a sudden pain on her head, “Ouch…”
	Shawn glares at her, “Mind your own business. Don’t think that I don’t know what you are up to. You will be in big trouble if you were to be photographed by the paparazzi again.”
	Jenny sticks out her tongue at Shawn, she stays silent for a bit but can’t help herself and teases Shawn again, “I think Michael is for real this time. See, he never had scandals even after being in the showbiz for so many years. I think this is the beginning of a budding romance…”
	Michael is already famous when Jenny just made her debut. He is probably around 27 years old this year and he maintains his skin very well, with his looks he can probably pass for a 24 years old person. Even though Shawn is a workaholic who works and rests very irregularly, she exercises a lot and also looks sprite and young.
	Though a woman is normally mentally more mature than a man. When comparing their mental age, Shawn who is more rational and mature is probably at least 3 years older than Michael in mental age. Her expression right now is plain scornful as she looks at Michael, “Yeah right, budding romance at the age of 27. You’re saying that his feelings of love for the past years are all eaten up by dogs?”
	Jenny can’t help but laugh, she even spits out the water in her mouth.
	Shawn is a bold person, Michael is going to have a hard time courting her.
	Jenny turns her head and raises her brows as she meets eyes with Michael, she feels a bit pleased.
	Michael frowns and glares at her.
	As usual, he doesn’t really like her. Yes, he is now going after Shawn and he is treating Jenny nicer to give Shawn some face, but it doesn’t mean that he forgives her.
	The interview is mainly about the variety show of recent. Jenny’s schedule is packed lately, the reporter can only arrange the interview in a private room at the restaurant very temporarily.
	The lights and cameras are all set up, Jenny sits at the opposite of the reporter in the rather large private room.
	“Don’t worry Jenny, today’s interview wouldn’t be too much about the gossips.”
	The reporter is a gentle and nice woman, even the way she talks, and moves are soothing.
	Jenny smiles and thanks her.
	“The number of fans is growing very quickly for you as of late. How do you feel about it, are you elated?”
	“Of course, I’m happy that I’m gaining popularity, but this is probably a common thing among us artists. The hype comes fast but it goes away pretty fast too. If I don’t have any new works to convince them the stay in the future, they will just leave me after the hype is over. I couldn’t do much about it, it's like how tides have highs and lows all the time.”
	“You seem rather close to Michael in the show Fridays at 8:30 pm, did you guys already know each other beforehand?”
	“Michael is a nice person even in private, he takes care of his juniors a lot. Though, we didn’t know each other before shooting the show together.”
	“What about comments on the internet, do you often read them? Do you mind them as much?”
	“Nobody wouldn’t mind comments about them on the internet, right?” Jenny lowers her head and smiles, she then brushes her bangs that fall on her forehead. “Artists are just normal people as well, we do mind how others see us. But I believe that time will prove my worth, I just need to work hard and not think about unnecessary things too much.”
	“I’m sorry but I have to ask you about that incident once more.” The reporter sounds hesitant.
	Jenny falters a bit, she frowns and says, “It’s fine, go ahead.”
	“After that incident, do you feel like you trust the people around you less? Did it make you lose confidence in what you believe in life?”
	Jenny freezes up, she will be lying if she says that she is not more suspicious of everybody than before. It is a huge unforeseen event, her career might be already ruined if wasn’t for Luke giving her a helping hand.
	"I am very thankful towards my boss, and my friends who were there for me even when things went south. Time will show you the true nature of a person, and the same goes when bad things happen to you. Sometimes you will only realize who treats you sincerely after something bad had happened.”
	She has a lot to say, but there is no need to say too much since the interview is very brief. She might have just laugh and brushed off the reporter’s question, but she wants to show her gratitude towards Luke.
	Jenny follows Shawn and Cecelia to the entrance after the interview. Suddenly, Michael pops out of nowhere and follows them into the car.
	“My driver left because he had some personal business, can you guys give me a ride?”
	Shawn frowns as the reporters are still there, she glares harshly at the reporters with the side of her eyes and says with a deep tone of voice, “Michael Song, get off the van…”
	“What’s wrong with giving me a ride? I treated you guys a meal just now!”
Chapter 160 Her Relatives
	Michael’s endless pestering is annoying Shawn to no end, Shawn wants to strangle him to death so badly.
	“How about this, I’ll take the cab. You should give Michael a ride, Shawn.”
	Cecelia glances at Michael and Shawn upon hearing what Jenny says, she goes along tactfully and says, “Yeah, I’ll go with Jenny and will see her home safely.”
	“No…”
	“What now, she is not famous, and nobody will recognize her. You should be more worried about my safety.” Michael is clearly determined that he is not going to leave unless things go his way. Though he isn’t the wisest when choosing his words, no wonder Shawn doesn’t like him back.
	Jenny gives Michael a look of pity, she then exchanges glances with Cecelia who is well aware of what to do. They quickly hail a cab and leave, ignoring the yelling Shawn behind them.
	Rather than her safety, Jenny is actually more worried that new gossips will hit the headlines the next day just because Michael got into the same van as her.
	Usually, it is not that easy to be on the headlines, but recently it seems like it happens way too often for her.
	She waves Cecelia goodbye as she reaches the front of her apartment building, she then turns around and goes upstairs.
	She sees a long silhouette of a person from the lights by the stairs when she gets to the second floor.
	She looks up and at first glance, the person looks very graceful.
	Tracy is originally an actress and a ballet dancer for the army academy of art. She has a good aura and nice figure, she looks young and refined, and her taste in clothes is top-notch. She looks out of place sitting in Jenny’s small apartment, her graceful and imposing manner makes it feels like she should be sitting in a mansion and enjoying her afternoon tea instead.
	Jenny is nervous, she pours some tea and put it on the tea table. She glances at Tracy carefully.
	She must have something important to say, for her to come over so late in the night.
	“Sorry for intruding, I hope I didn’t catch you at a bad time.”
	“It’s totally fine.” Jenny quickly waves her hand, she looks at Tracy meekly and asks, “Is there something I can help you with?”
	“Well, it’s not something that important. Luke’s father wanted me to go back to Beijing, I just wanted to see your family at least once before I leave. I wanted to sit down and have a talk with everybody, but you were quite busy recently. Though, I understand that fully, hence I came here directly.”
	Jenny stays silent for a brief moment, her heart sinks.
	“What’s wrong, is it inconvenient right now?”
	“Well, no…” Jenny hesitates, “It’s just that, my parents have passed away.”
	“Well, how about your grandparents from your father or mother side? Or maybe the relatives of your father or mother?” Tracy looks at Jenny up and down, “I heard that your family business was quite the big deal at L County.”
	“My grandparents died a long time ago, my father was an only son, and we don’t have many relatives. Also… we don’t really see each other a lot.”
	Jenny mutters and mumbles, she seems troubled.
	“How about your maternal side? Is your mother an only child too?”
	“My mother has a brother, but we don’t see each other either…”
	She doesn’t really like to talk about her mother, or anything related to her.
	It has been many years since her grandfather from her mother’s side passed away, but nobody from that side wants to see her. And it’s not like she never tries to go there, her grandmother just shuts the door in front of her face, and she is never welcomed.
	“What happened? Why do you guys not get along?” Tracy mutters.
	The expression on Jenny’s face turns rather stiff, she hesitates for a while and finally asks, “Must you meet them?”
	Tracy is taken aback, it’s like she is the bad guy and is giving Jenny a hard time on purpose.
	“Well, it’s fine then.” Tracy maintains her perfect smile, “There is no need to meet them if you guys don’t really see each other anymore, it’s just that it will be awkward if no blood relatives from your side attend the wedding. It would make us look bad and disrespectful, people might also start talking behind our back. I’m sure you know that the Lu family is prestigious, our guests are all famous and rich people. It would be quite embarrassing for us if they realize that nobody from your side of the family came, right?”
	Tracy keeps insisting that she doesn’t mind, but reading between the lines, one can tell that she is very bothered by it.
	Jenny lowers her head and bites her lip, she feels complicated.
	“I can try contacting them.”
	“Yeah, that would be great. No need to force it though.” Tracy stands up as she finishes her sentence, “It’s getting late, I’ll take my leave and will stop bothering you. Mother misses you a lot, do come by and have a meal with her when you are less busy.”
	“Okay…”
	Tracy looks around the apartment as she leaves, her eyes fill with disdain and contempt.
	The driver is waiting downstairs, she immediately orders the driver coldly as soon as she gets into the car, “Have you not find out about Jenny’s background? She is just a small actress, why is it taking so long?”
	The driver turns his head with extreme deferential, “There was some problem when we were looking into her parents, it seems like her file was amended by someone, someone is trying to hide something.”
	“Fine, forget about it. I’ll ask Yuky to take over.”
	Tracy takes out her phone from her handbag and dials the number from the list her frequent contact.
	“Yuky, are you busy recently?”
	“…”
	“Could you help me investigate something? Your cousin works at the management department for registered residence, right? I need you to look into somebody.”
	“…”
	“It’s about Luke’s upcoming marriage, I can’t dig out that woman’s background at all. I don’t care if she’s not from a rich and wealthy family, I just want her to have a clean background. Grandmother is happily preparing to send out the invitations already, we must prevent bad things from happening during the wedding and not become the joke of the century.”
	“…”
	“Okay, I’ll leave it all up to you. Be quick and tell me immediately if you find out something dreadful. I must tell grandmother in advance if anything happens.”
	Jenny is sighing deeply as she sits on the sofa.
	She doesn’t really like to talk about her family with other people.
	Luke never asks her about her family and she always avoids the topic of her family. She thought that it will not be an issue, but it seems like she has no way to avoid it this time.
	All parents in the world are the same, she fully understands why Tracy is so persistent. Her parents might do the same if they were still alive, they probably will dig into every nook and cranny of Luke’s past.
	She starts to feel like this will not be an easy feat.
	There’s no other way, she has to go to her relatives. Otherwise, Tracy might make a trip herself.
	She receives many calls from Frankie for the past two days, but she never picks it up to avoid arousing suspicion. Maybe Frankie has some leads, but due to the incident with Jessica, Jenny tries to avoid contacting Frankie to not get her involved. She decides to take matters to her own hand.
	The next day, she receives a call from Shawn saying that Eshmour is ready to sign a contract with her. She needs to make a trip to the Eshmour group to do that.
	This contract is the best thing that happened to her, after what she went through in the past two days.
	She signs the contract without any problem. Her interviewer Andy, the fashion designer, is not there this time around. The people present are mainly salespeople from Eshmour. There is nothing much to do after the signing of the contract, they just let her leave. It is a simple procedure, without any sense of ritual. Jenny is a bit surprised.
	What she doesn’t know is that Andy is having tea with Sky at the coffee shop on the ground floor of the Eshmour group.
	“Are you angry that we didn’t give you the contract?” says Andy, he looks at her as if he is trying to provoke Sky.
	“I’m not angry, just a bit astonished.” Sky smiles slyly and the expression in her eyes stern, “The decision that the company made just felt a bit out of the norm. It’s just that, there’s nothing to compare between me and Jenny, I am far superior in every aspect.”
	“Nonsense, you had the upper hand in that interview, but she made a good recovery at the end. Jenny is quite talented, you should not take her lightly.”
Chapter 161 Her Intents were Obvious to Others
	“What do you mean by belittling the enemy? Can you don’t beat around the bush?”
	Sky looks at her scornfully.
	“Am I the one beating around the bush? Sky, you are the same after all these years. You clearly like Luke but you put on a cold look. You think that you can behave like a little sister to him but you didn’t expect that Jenny would appear from out of nowhere.”
	Beneath the table are her clenched fists which are turning blue. Her nails also started to dig into her flesh.
	But the owner of these hands continues with her angelic smile towards the middle-aged lady, “You’re thinking too much. I’m just friends with Luke.”
	“I’m sick of your indifference.” Andy couldn’t resist and scolds and then looks outside the window. “Hey, that girl has come out.”
	Following the direction of her gaze, Sky looks outside and sees a petite person walking out of Eshmour’s main door, wearing a mask and a hat with a pink scarf. She stands at the door for a while and then flags down a taxi and leaves.
	“Hey, haven’t you noticed that she is different from you? Don’t you think that suits Luke who is cold?”
	“I don’t think so.” Sky turns and looks at Andy.
	“Jealous?”
	“I just feel that this woman is unworthy of Luke.”
	“Do you think that you are the only one in this world that is worthy of Luke?”
	Andy looks at Sky’s expression when she speaks and sees the look of disbelief on Sky’s face.
	“If it was really a life partner for Luke, the most suitable should be me and not her. It’s you’re your company’s spokesperson for pearls, I believe that you will pay a price for today’s decision. When you look for me again, I will adjust the price down a little because of our relationship.”
	“Having said all these, aren’t you just trying to cover your desires for Luke,” Andy says pointedly and directly at the key point of her words. She laughs and uses the teaspoon to rapidly stir the coffee, mirroring the feelings that Sky is feeling.
	“But I will advise you one thing, just like the spokesperson for Eshmour, the surprise that Jenny can bring far exceeds these. If it’s not suitable for you, your persistence would be futile.”
	Sky looks at Andy calmly and a chill flash across her eyes, “Cheque please!”
	She walks elegantly like a princess of ancient times. Andy’s attention follows her until she goes into her luxury car. Thereafter she holds onto the back of her head and leans back into the sofa and sighs, revealing her amusement for the matter.
	From the moment she knew Sky, she has always maintained that fake princess persona. Only when Luke is mentioned will she reveal her true self for a moment or two. Actually, she feels that it is alright to occasionally put down your modesty for a man.
	Sky was totally unsuitable for Luke. She knows this for a while already but it is Sky who doesn’t.
	Jenny comes out from the taxi and lowers her hat and walks hurriedly into Jade picture.
	The first day when the office was established, the company had prepared a space especially for her. Today she officially separates herself from this company.
	As she walks into the department, “Pop pop” two rounds of party crackers sound, and then numerous colored confetti drift in the air. Daniel, Michelle and Jessica’s ex-manager Tony and some staff surround a small cake and welcome her.
	“Congratulations to Jenny for setting her own agency!”
	Daniel has a bottle of champagne in his hands, “Pop!” and the champagne spills over the floor. Michelle pulls Jenny to the cake to blow out the candles, “Come come come, this was prepared by everyone, make a wish.”
	Jenny is dumbfounded, “I just set up this agency and have not left. Why is this like a farewell party?”
	“Spit spit spit, this is in celebration of your bright future and don’t ever forget me.” Michelle hugs her arm to her chest and the warm and soft feeling makes her hair stand on end. If it had been a man, he’d already have some reaction. Jenny awkwardly extracts her arm.
	“Thanks for everyone’s kindness.”
	Michelle laughs, “No need to thank us. It’s all Daniel’s efforts. When Daniel heard that you are leaving our department, he was very upset and even threw a tantrum!”
	“No, I didn’t,” Daniel wags his finger and turns to look at her, “What are you yapping about?”
	“Hey, didn’t you say that your person was going to be touched by another makeup artist and you were unwilling to lose her? What’s that about Jenny’s hair is yours and no one can touch it, didn’t you say that?”
	“Hmph, I didn’t say that.”
	“Then it was said by the god!”
	“Okay, okay, I’ll blow the candles!” Jenny hurriedly blows the candles which adds to the atmosphere, “let’s cut the cake. I’m not leaving the company and I’ll be downstairs. If you’re bored you can look for me anytime.”
	They start to cut the cake happily except for Daniel who is sulking at one side picking his fingernails.
	Jenny cuts the cake and walks to Daniel, “Daniel, have some cake, you’ll lose out if you don’t eat the cake which you bought.”
	“I won’t eat, how much fatter will I get if I eat them. Recently I’ve not been attending my yoga classes so I can only cut my intake.”
	“No worries, I will eat with you. If I have the time, I’ll go with you to the yoga class…”
	“Stop it,” Daniel rolls his eyes at her, “You’re famous now, when will you find time for your gal pals?”
	Jenny bites the fork and ponders. She blinks and says, “Why don’t I sign a few more posters for you to sell, you can use the money to buy some face mask…”
	“Ha…” Daniel laughs, “Do you think that you are that famous? How much can I earn from your autographed posters?”
	“Then I’ll buy the facial masks for you!” Jenny pulls his hands and places the cake in his hand, “Eat, I tasted it and it’s very nice, thanks a lot.”
	“Jenny, don’t anyhow style your hair, most importantly, if you need to perm your hair, you need to look for me, remember…”
	“My head is your head!” Jenny completes his sentence before Daniel could finish and then they both laugh.
	Shawn is by the side and she postponed the announcements for the opening of the agency. Actually, Jenny is rather free and she is happy with that. Shawn gives Jenny a piece of cake and points her lips in the direction of the office, “Serve a piece of cake to Mr. Hill. No matter what, he has been rather good to you. Leave with a good feeling.”
	Jenny’s eyes look towards the door of Mr. Hill’s office.
	Normally when it becomes rowdy, Mr. Hill would already be out of his office. But today he remains inside for reasons unknown.
	When she ponders over those days, Jenny’s heart sighs, that kind of hurt has diminished. Her initial feelings of being wronged are gone. Now it’s just sorrow but perhaps it’s an unknown feeling, the familiar feeling of the unknown.
	“Okay.” She nods. She takes the plate and walks towards the office.
Chapter 162 Amicable Parting
	It’s a fine day outside. It has been warming up recently and Spring should be here soon. The cold is on the retreat and people are wearing less.
	He stands with mixed feelings by the window as the commotion from outside the office rings in his ears. He will usually go out to see what the commotion is about. He doesn’t like a rowdy occasion but Jenny does. That’s why she will definitely be present on those occasions and he will habitually go and have a look.
	After he left the previous press announcement, Jessica called him several times and he didn’t answer. If it hadn’t because she had offended the company when she decided to leave, she might have looked for him at the company.
	As for Jessica, he doesn’t wish to see her. As for Jenny, he can’t face up to her.
	“Knock knock knock”
	“Enter,” He didn’t look back and thought that someone must be looking for him to sign a document.
	“Everyone’s eating cake outside, Mr. Hill should have one also.”
	The voice behind surprises him and snaps him back to his senses.
	“Jenny…”
	Jenny pushes open the door with a plate with a cake and stands by the door. She bumps into Frankie’s daze look and is also stunned. She forces a smile, “You don’t seem to like a rowdy occasion, Shawn asks me to bring you a slice of cake. Have a taste, it’s rather good.”
	She serves the plate to his table.
	The table is in a mess like it has been a while since it was last tidied. What has the secretary been doing? She pushes aside some scrap paper to put down the plate and thereafter turns and says, “If there’s nothing else, I’ll take my leave.”
	“Jenny…”
	She turns and walks a couple of steps and stops.
	“Anything?” Jenny didn’t turn around and calmly asks.
	Frankie is sullen for a moment, “I would like to ask you if I sincerely apologize for all those I had done to you, will you forgive me?”
	Jenny frowns, “That’s in the past, you don’t have to take it to heart.”
	“If I were to guarantee that I agree to your demands, not to have kids and not to get married for the moment, can you give me another chance and come back to my side?”
	“No.”
	Jenny turns and looks up towards Frankie, with eyes full of pride. That’s her dignity and no one can trample on it, “Frankie, I didn’t give you the chance nor did I take it from you. We are incompatible. You need not be so hard on yourself because of the past. Our objectives are different. Even if it wasn’t for Jessica, we still won’t be together.”
	These are her sincere words.
	After the incident with Jessica, she found that she isn’t particularly upset with anyone. In fact, when she thinks about the breakup with Frankie, she actually feels fortunate. Because she finally realizes what is the problem between her and Frankie.
	The problem was never Jessica but them alone.
	Frankie is a homely man and isn’t ambitious. Whether is it the family or career he is always dependable and stable. He wants to find a good woman to spend the days with. This kind of woman must sacrifice for the family. In this case, actually, Jessica suits him very well.
	Jenny doesn’t feel that she is suitable. She doesn’t have anyone to depend on but now Luke is throwing his support for her. She also is holding tightly to her career and in her eyes, her career meant everything to her.
	As he looks at Jenny’s back, and the door being closed, Frankie’s heart sank coldly.
	A chill flash across his eyes and his face darkens and sinks.
	Can’t they be together even with Jessica out of the picture? Is her revelation after the breakup or she had already figured this out before the breakup?
	Jenny, what are really your thoughts? Did you ever have me in your heart?
	“Jenny, someone is looking for you downstairs…”
	Just as she steps out of the office Daniel called out from the crowd.
	Jenny asks in surprise, “Who is it?”
	“I don’t know, the reception called and said that he’s a handsome senior gentleman…”
	Upon hearing that, several in the department yells, Michelle as usual is the loudest, “Jenny, how come all the handsome guys come to look for you? You really have a way with men!”
	Jenny laughs and didn’t continue the conversation. She walks towards the lift.
	Senior gentleman? She doesn’t know many people and if considering the men and someone senior, she can’t think of who that might be.
	Puzzled, she went down to look for the receptionist Samantha and she points with her pouted lips towards the waiting area and smiles, “Over there, looks rather young, is he your boyfriend?”
	Jenny looks in the direction of the rest area where Samantha pointed and sees a man sitting on the sofa. He sits relaxed, wearing ill-fitting yellow work attire that revealed his ankle. He looks hesitant and out of place.
	Jenny stares intently and couldn’t believe her eyes and walks over.
	“Uncle…”
	Allen hurriedly looks up when he hears the familiar voice and looks into her eyes. He looks like before, clean and flawless.
	The image of the clean and elegant face came into view. Compared to the baby face three years ago, now her childishness has faded. What’s left is the beauty and elegance of a mature woman. But what is more important is she retains the purity of a girl that is irresistible to any man.
	He is stunned and feels intimidated.
	Jenny has thought about the scene when she sees him again but each image is different from the actual.
	Allen has inherited the good genes of the family and has impeccable skin. At thirty years old, his complexion looks like one can squeeze water from it. To describe him as a valuable jade isn’t an exaggeration at all. If it isn’t for the green stubble on his chin which concealed his youthfulness, the receptionist would address him as a hunk rather than a senior gentleman.
	He is a child born when Jenny’s grandparents were advance in age and because they were old, he was mainly brought up by Jenny’s mother. At that time, Jenny’s mother, Niver just got married and took him home to live together. Except for festivals, he lived in the Jin family all his life.
	Jenny’s skills in catching fish and shrimps were taught to her by this uncle who is only older than her by several years.
	In the posh café and under the yellow downlights, their image flicker on the wall. They remain speechless until the waiter served the coffee.
	After a while, Allen clears his throat, “Jenny, how have you been over these years?”
	Hearing her closest kin speak after all these years, Jenny’s heart stirs and is overwhelmed with emotions.
	“Just like that, after the crisis at home, I went overseas to study. I graduated last June and Shawn contacted me. I joined the company as an intern and am doing well now. I’ll shoot movies and earn whenever the opportunity arises.”
	“That’s good… if you’re doing well…” Allen nods. He avoids looking directly at Jenny’s eyes. He lifts his coffee cup and his arm trembles like it was weak and can’t hold it stable.
	“What happened to your arm?”
Chapter 163 Interrogate
	Allen quickly pulls his hand back, he looks lifeless, "It's, it's nothing…"
	Jenny stares at him all fidgety, she knows that something isn't right. She immediately stands up and grabs his arm, she rolls the thin sleeve up and discovers bruises on it. Also, his palm is coarse and chapped all over, she feels the pain just looking at it.
	"It's, it's really nothing…" Allen nervously pulls back his arm again, he anxiously tries to avoid Jenny's gaze.
	"I am here to see you."
	"Why are you already released so soon?"
	"They shortened my sentence since I was behaving well. Oh yeah, I saw the show you were in, you were much prettier than the other female stars, I bet you'll be famous in no time. "
	"That's all? You're just here to tell me that?" She feels sour just thinking about the fact that her family is gone now just because of him. Jenny isn't giving him a good attitude, her face frosty and her speech impolite.
	Allen's face turns pale, he stutters his words, "No, well, I'm here to give you this…"
	The letter on the table is yellowed and the corner folded, it is thick and she instantly knows what it is about the moment she sees it.
	"What do you mean by this?" Jenny grimaces.
	"I… I'm not a capable person. I know that I owe you and the Jin family way too much, and this is barely enough. But please accept it, I will figure out the rest."
	The bills in the letter are in small change, there are some fifty bills, some hundreds, there are even some twenties. It sure doesn't look like much money, it makes her sad just looking at it.
	Jenny keeps a straight face, she suppresses her complicated feelings and asks coldly.
	"Where did you get the money from? Also, that incident that happened back then, don't you think it's time for you to explain yourself and tell me the truth?"
	"The incident... back then? Don't...don't mind it, just take the money…"
	Allen forces the letter on Jenny, he hangs his head low and fixes his gaze on the coffee. He then takes more change from his pocket and leaves about a hundred on the table. He flinches and cowers as he stands up, "I'm...I'm going to leave…"
	Jenny isn't stopping him, but if Allen walks a bit slower he will witness Jenny crying excruciatingly in the corner. She hides her face and can't bear to take another look at her uncle.
	It's clear as day that Allen knows that Karen took the blame for him back then. Otherwise, a foppish and vain person like him will not show up in such an appearance. He must have something to do with the fall of Jin's Wine.
	Jenny has known that her uncle likes to play around, he causes a lot of trouble but the grandmother and the family pamper him a lot. He hasn't settled down in a proper relationship around the age of twenty and has a bad reputation around the area. Many in the family are scapegoats for his actions multiple times, and many are scolded and have to apologize in his place.
	But nobody ever thinks that he is able to get into such huge trouble and that the whole Jin family has to pay for it.
	Jenny puts on a disguise and sits behind Allen in the public bus, she then follows him to a jetty in Xicheng, the jetty is filled with cargo ships.
	The head of the worker starts to yell at Allen the moment he sees him.
	"Where did you run off to again? I've warned you about taking a break without permission, I'm cutting 200 off your wage!"
	Allen apologizes and bows to the guy repeatedly, after getting reprimanded, he quickly continues off to work.
	Jenny is peeking from behind a lorry, tears blur her sight and she has difficulties breathing.
	Before the Jin family got in trouble, this uncle was a person of status. He will be approached by scouts wanting to cast him whenever they go out for a simple meal at the night market, and he is prideful, so many eyes are on him but he never spares a second look at them. But he spoils his little niece rotten, bringing her everywhere he goes.
	Her parents are always busy growing up, she is practically brought up by her uncle.
	She stands behind the lorry for a very long time, until the sun finally sets.
	"Percy, about my wage for today…"
	"You dare ask for your wage today? You should be happy that I'm not reducing your wage even though you left work without permission today. You're not getting any today!"
	The guy is making a fuss, and the wind is howling at the jetty. Jenny tears up, she doesn't know if it's because of the sand blowing into her face or that she is feeling sad. Suddenly there is a fire in her soul, seeing the guy scolding Allen with no mercy, Jenny is fired up.
	She rushes into the crowd and yanks Allen away without saying a word.
	Allen struggles but stops when he looks properly at the person pulling him away. He is stunned but his footsteps follow her automatically.
	They are now further away from the bustling jetty, the sky dusks and the river is bright red from the reflection of the setting sun.
	Jenny catches her breath, she takes off her mask and glares at Allen, "This is how you got your money?"
	Allen's head hangs low, he stands still for a bit, and then he takes out a neatly folded handkerchief from his pocket. "Use this to wipe off your sweat, it's windy here, you're going to get a cold."
	The handkerchief is embroidered with plum blossom, a classic. She immediately recognizes that it is her mother's handiwork.
	There are a lot of similar embroideries lying around the house, it is all made by Niver during her free time. Everybody in the family owns one. Jenny thinks that a handkerchief is much less convenient than tissues, and hence she always tosses it to one side after she gets it. But when the Jin family's property is seized, all she has left is a necklace, everything else is taken away.
	It is a miracle that he still has the handkerchief.
	"Answer my question!" Jenny bursts into anger, she yells at Allen, "I'm asking you why are you working in such harsh conditions? Can't you find a better job? My dad died for you in prison and this isn't how he wants to see you live after coming out of prison!"
	Allen grimaces, he clenches the handkerchief tight, he fingernails are about to dig into his skin. He stares at Jenny for a long time but isn't able to mutter a single word.
	He doesn't know what to say. Nobody will believe him if he says that he never wants anybody to be his scapegoat.
	"Say something!"
	Jenny grabs him by his collar, her eyes reddened, she glares at him, her eyes make her look like a crazy bunny.
	Finally, after a long while, Allen raises his hand and holds Jenny's, he puts her hand down but he still isn't looking straight at Jenny. His voice husky, as if he hasn't spoken in a very long time, "Jenny, I'm sorry."
	"Why are you apologizing? Are you admitting that the fall of Jin's Wine was your doing? Are you admitting that you made my dad your scapegoat? Are you admitting that the whole family suffered because of you?"
	Allen looks up and looks into Jenny's eyes, his mouth gapes and it seems like he wants to explain himself. But Jenny's eyes are fierce and murderous, he looks away and his eyes dim. His brows quiver and he mutters one word helplessly, "Yes…"
	Jin's Wine suffers because of what he did.
	It is all his fault.
Chapter 164 A Fault Confessed is Half Redressed
	Jenny hits Allen frustratingly, but it is as if she is hitting cotton. The feeble man has not a single ounce of fighting spirit in him, he is nothing like the man that once said he will become a pirate and conquer the seven seas.
	She lets go of his collar and takes a step backwards.
	The wind from the river blows off her hat, and her hair flutters in the air. Her hair is messy as her life the moment she turns 18.
	"I need you to tell me the truth, about what happened back then."
	Allen gazes at Jenny, he says with a deep voice, "You have to not meddle in this incident. I am the cause of it and I will make those people pay."
	"What are you planning to do?" Jenny suddenly feels anxious, she frowns deeply, "Wait, you are not planning to go fight the people that deceived you into borrowing money from the loan shark, aren't you? You think that the Jin family crumbled because of those grunts?"
	The colour of Allen's face changes, he hesitates, "You… you knew?"
	Jenny is about to burst.
	You, Mr. Yan, made a bet that you can earn ten million in a month over some mediocre woman and went to the loan shark because you couldn't do it in the end. Everybody knows about it, the woman is really something. Did she ever visit you when you are in prison?"
	"This has nothing to do with Sapphire..."
	"Are you still hung up on her? Allen, are you dumb?" Jenny glares at him furiously.
	"Tell me, why do you think Miss Poole hangs around you even though she is engaged? Think about it, who will benefit most from the fall of the Jin's family?"
	Back then, everybody knew about Allen putting a lot of effort in courting the rich girl, Sapphire Poole from the Middle Up Group. The story about the bet he made also spread like wildfire. He was young and naive, he couldn't get the money and hence he had the ingenious idea of borrowing from the loan shark. He couldn't pay the cut-throat interest back afterwards but had no guts to tell the family about it. The loan shark then went directly to Jin's Wine.
	Jenny believes that her uncle doesn't have the guts to do something like contaminating the wine in the barrels, but she thinks her uncle must be the key to the problem.
	"Will you believe me if I tell you that Sapphire was playing you for a fool from the beginning. The bet you made, the reason you went to jail, they were all her according to her plan. The pure and innocent girl that you couldn't forget is not who you think she is, wake up, Allen! Are three years in jail not enough for you to wake up to the truth?"
	"Impossible…"
	Allen looks like he lost his soul, Jenny cannot help but feel angry at him. She takes out a small notebook she always keeps with her and writes down an address, she tears a page out and presses it on Allen's chest.
	"Take this, Sapphire is throwing her son a birthday party this Saturday at seven-thirty in the evening at ML International Hotel, everybody attending are important people from Xicheng. Go take a look at who's standing next to her, and you'll come to the realization of the truth. You can also go ask her directly if she ever cared about you."
	Jenny leaves hurriedly, she grits her teeth and is boiling with anger. She knows that her uncle is not the brightest, but she assumes that he at least will figure out the truth after being in prison for three years, however, nothing has changed.
	Sapphire the wench sees right through the Jin's family from the start. Three years ago, Allen and Jenny's father were arrested. Her father was released while awaiting trial, and hence he thought that her uncle was going to be sentenced with all the crimes. He even tried to go to Sapphire and to beg her to see Allen at least once. But she never showed her face, she even sent a servant over just to make snarky comments at Jenny's father.
	Daniel is hired by Sapphire to do some makeup at her son's birthday party, he is the one that told Jenny about it and she will not have known otherwise.
	Danny has good relationships with these noble women, before working with Jade Pictures, he works as a stylist for the banquet's host. He is skilful and talented, every woman he touches looks so gorgeous that one cannot tear their eyes away. He makes a name for himself and Jade Pictures then scouts him and promises him a high salary.
	Jenny takes a cab from the jetty to get home, she ponders for a very long time, and finally decides to call Daniel, "Hey Daniel, didn't you mention that you are going to be the stylist for the madame at HY Group this Saturday?
	"Yeah, why? You need me to do some styling for you? I'll see if I can turn them down just for you honey."
	"No, that's not it. I want you to bring me along."
	"Why? What for?"
	"Don't ask, just tell me if you can help me out or not."
	"Well, I have a team to bring along, nobody will know if there's an extra person. But are you sure you want to come with me?"
	"Yes, I'm going, " Jenny frowns as she stares at the night landscape showing through the window. Her expression listless, her heart thumping like a drummer beating a drum.
	A lot has changed in three years, she must let her uncle see the true face of this woman.
	Why did she choose to hang out with her unaccomplished uncle three years ago, even though she was already engaged to the successor of the HY Group? Did she like him because he was wild? But she completely played him for a fool, he got in jail and she was living her life comfortably counting her money.
	Jenny's chest tightens up just thinking about it.
	In a penthouse at CH Hotel, a woman with an hourglass figure stands in front of the French window, she is distinguished and graceful. She struts towards the sofa and sits down after receiving a phone call, she signals the servant who is preparing some tea to leave the room. She frowns upon listening to the phone.
	"What did you say?"
	"Is your ear going bad? I'll just send you the information to your phone, have a look at it. I even looked into three generations of the family, we have to be cautious about this girl, Jenny. She was alone for the past few years and didn't have a smooth life, and according to what I found out she also had some relationship with some Hong Kong tycoons, you better be more careful."
	"Fine, fine, I'll be aware."
	"Okay, don't get too angry, control your temper. That woman is now pregnant, no? Worst comes to worst we can keep the child and give some money to the woman and ask her to leave."
	"It won't be that easy, " the woman scowls and sighs deeply, "Alright, that's all for now, I'll talk to you again when I'm back in Beijing."
	"No need, I'll be in Xicheng in two days for my child's friend's birthday party. We can meet up then."
	Tracy reads through the information she receives carefully after the phone call ends, her expression darkens.
	The screen is filled with details of the information she asks for, it is so detailed that it hurts her head just from seeing it.
	She can tell from the start that Jenny has some unusual family background, but she never has thought that it is this bizarre.
	Her father went to jail from bribery and died due to an accident in prison, her mom was a druggie and committed suicide, her uncle still in prison. Everybody has a past in this family, it's crazy. Does Luke really want to spend the rest of his life with this woman?
	She will not let it happen.
Chapter 165 The Substitute
	Luke rarely goes to the Jade Picture after he moves his office back to the Luke Up Group. But after Jenny comes back from JL City, he goes there several times.
	Peter is still new and he does not understand his boss so much yet. He thinks that inspecting the company is the reason Luke goes there today. Just when he sees that Luke is preparing to go to the Jade Picture on a rainy day, he blocks Luke’s way foolishly.
	“President Luke, you don’t need to go personally today especially it’s raining so heavily today, I’ll just go with Lilian. If there are any documents needed to be signed, we can just bring them back for you.”
	Luke gets annoyed immediately. He glances at Peter.
	Lilian stands at the side. She cannot help but open her mouth, “I think President Luke should go there personally, because I’m not very sure about the procedure there. The preliminary results of the lawsuit over there earlier came out. And it was sent there already…”
	“It’s okay, I’ll just go there and take it…”
	Peter is still trying so hard to help.
	“Do you know who to ask for it?” Luke stares deeply into Peter’s eyes.
	“Don’t I just looking for … eh …” Before he can finish his sentence, he feels a sharp pain in his ankle. He screams out in pain and turns around to stare Lilian. Lilian is staring at him behind him fiercely. She doesn’t make any sound for a few seconds, then uttering two words with her lips, “Shut up…”
	Peter is stunned. Then he hears Lilian saying to Luke, “It’s better for President Luke to go and see himself so that he will be clearer about the lawsuit there. And he can check if the PR article posted online is appropriate or not.”
	“Yes.” Luke gets up after tidying up his cuffs and walks out of the office. Peterlooks down from the French window of the CEO’s office. Soon he sees Tom walking hurriedly beside Luke while holding an umbrella.
	Peter looks puzzled, “Didn’t you say that President Luke barely goes out when it rains?”
	Lilian is tidying up the desk. She glances at Peter, “President Luke’s habit has changed with the times.”
	“Change with the times?” Peter cannot understand her words, “Is going out in the rain to do some unimportant stuff being considered as changing with the times?”
	Lilian finishes tidying her desk. She glances at him contemptuously. She can’t help but saying,
	“You are hopeless…”
	Racing down the highway in a silver commercial car, Tom gives Luke a white towel. Despite the little rain, Luke still feels a bit cold.
	“Do you want to go directly to the Jade Picture to see the preliminary result of the lawsuit?” Tom asks.
	“Yes.”
	“Oh, Director Wang wants to borrow seven or eight actors from Jade Picture to the film studio to help with some scenes. He takes the actors away today. But, how do the female actors handle shooting in this raining weather?”
	Luke looks calm as if this matter has nothing to do with him.
	Tom lowers his head and leans against the back of the chair. There is a sense of teasing in his tone, “I heard that the actor named Jenny is also one of the actors.” Luke turns his head fiercely, staring at Tom without moving his body.
	After two seconds, a deep voice can be heard from inside the car, “Go to the film studio.”
	Tom’s teasing look is reflected by the blurred reflection of the car window.
	It seems like Mr. George is right, Jenny is really the apple of Luke’s eyes.
	At JZ Cinema City,
	The original filming plans have been disrupted by the rainstorm. Director Wang wanders around in the temporary plastic shed, touching his bald head as if he is thinking about something.
	“Director Wang, are we still shooting the scene?”
	“Yes, why not? The scene would be better with raining…”
	“But Milena Thompson says she is having a cold. She has finished packing her belongings and is ready to go back to the hotel to rest.”
	“Who lets her go?” Director Wang throws the script in his hand on the floor. His face turns purple with anger, “Shit, does she know how much the crew is going to lose by delaying the shooting for one day? And then is she going to be the one invest on our drama?”
	Milena is the second main actress who joins the crew with an investment. She is the investor’s sister-in-law. Her temper is not bad and her acting skills can be trained. However, she is quite spoiled. She needs a substitute for her when it is too windy or too sunny. But she has to show her face at the scene today. The shooting episode is about the second main female character Reeva who stands by the lake is pushed into the lake by her stepmother. She will be pushed into the lake from the front with a close-up take. That’s why a substitute cannot be used to act for the scene.
	“Director Wang…”
	The production assistant sighs and whispers in the ear of director Wang about what actually happens to Milena.
	In fact, Milena is not sick at all. She just doesn’t want to jump into the lake. She hopes that the scene can be changed to pushing from the back side. In this way, a substitute can replace her to jump into the lake.
	At this time, Jenny is drinking tea with other actors inside a resting tent. The resting tent has good ventilation and it is quite cold inside. She sees some walk-on actresses shivering outside the tent. Then, she just asks the actresses to go inside. Shawn brings Jenny a heater and they chit-chat happily around the heater. It becomes more comfortable.
	The production assistant is calling people from outside for the preparation of shooting the scene. Jenny puts down a handful of melon seeds, smiling at the actresses, “Let’s go and start our job. If we finish shooting early, we can go home and rest early.”
	JZ Cinema City is built based on the scenery of West Mount in Xicheng. The background of the scene is at the foot of the mountain. The lake is turquoise in color. Spring is coming. The crew still add some fake green branches on the trees to make it look brighter.
	When Jenny comes out from the tent, she sees Milena standing by the lake. Milena is pointing at her position. There is a little girl almost the same size as her standing next to her. The girl is the one who chats with Jenny inside the tent just now. The little girl just does not like to talk to others.
	Before Jenny gets ready nears the lake, she hears a “splash” sound from the lake. The little girl is pushed into the lake directly. Originally, when Reeva acted by Milena is pushed into the lake, these walk-on actresses who are led by Jenny should run over there and scream for help.
	But this time, Jenny and other actresses are stunned as the one who falls into the lake is not Milena.
	How is it different from what they are told?
	“Cut…cut…” The director who is holding his microphone shouts impatiently. “What’s going on? Where are those walk-on actresses who is supposed to save her? Jenny, what are you waiting for? Pull her from the water and do it again once she changes her clothes.”
	The little girl is pulled ashore. She is dripping wet. She goes inside the tent to change her clothes directly.
	After changing her clothes, she comes out and continues to be shot several times. But no matter how much she tries, it is always awkward. Except for the first take which is Jenny’s problem, almost all the following takes are Milena’s problems. Either Milena’s make-up is messed up, or the way she walks goes wrong. No one knows whether she does that intentionally. She even sneezes before everyone finishes the scene.
	Jenny at the side takes a glass of water from Cecelia. She asks, “What’s going on? Is the shooting of the scene changed temporarily?”
	“The second main actress is reluctant to jump into the water. We find a substitute to replace her in this scene.”
	“Not really, can’t you feel that Milena is doing all of these on purpose?”
	“You notice that too?” Ceceliasteps closer to Jenny and lowers his voice, “Isn’t Milena the investor’s sister-in-law? The little girl who substitutes Milena’s scene is a student from a film academy. I hear that she is the young mistress of the investor. Their relationship is not normal…”
	“Where does all this gossip come from? Why does she act as a substitute if she really is the mistress of the investor? “Jenny changes her facial expression.
	“Ah, who knows? Just do your part. Let’s just pray it’s over soon, I am freezing here entertaining Milena.”
Chapter 166 Seeing Something Unfair
	When they are talking, director Wang asks them for preparation to shoot the drama again. The little girl jumps into the lake once again. This time the take is good. Milena also does not come out to interrupt while Jenny brings a group of passers-by to run over there to save her. The scene should be done when the group of them run to the lake.
	No one knows whether it is intentional. But when Jenny is just about to reach the lake, Milena screams suddenly, “Oh my God, there are worms, worms…”
	The actresses behind Jenny are terrified and they scatter around the scene.
	The director is irritated until he has no way out but to accept the situation. He directly shouts “cut” and lets the crew to take a short break. The little girl who jumps into the lake climbing ashore. She is shivering. The towel that she uses to wrap her body is totally wet. It looks scarily cold in the winter.
	Jenny is quite tired after running back and forth. She losses her temper and pulls down the green plaid scarf on her neck. She throws the scarf at Milena’s feet, panting, “Milena, what do you mean? Can we still finish the shot smoothly?”
	Milena is lowering her head and playing with her finger nails in the first place. She fiercely raises her head after being questioned by Jenny and snorts coldly, “Hmph, no wonder I felt familiar just now. Isn’t this the one who’s been popular lately? What? You’re here to teach me a lesson even as a walk-on actress?”
	“Not to teach you a lesson, I just don’t agree that you bring your personal emotions to your work. What if something bad happens to that girl on this cold weather? Can we finish the shooting once so that we all can rest well?”
	“Are you helping someone out?” Milena curls her lips and sneers, “Isn’t it just that you have Luke supporting you? Are you capable of entering the Lu’s family? What are you so proud of?”
	Jenny frowns fiercely.
	Is it impossible to persuade these kinds of people? Why does she need to talk about something else when they are talking about acting?
	“You don’t understand how to be a good actor. Please act the scene professionally.”
	Jenny does not want to talk nonsense with her anymore. She is pulled back by Cecelia to the scene to wait for the reshoot after he picks up her green scarf.
	“What’s the point of talking to her?”
	“I just can’t tolerate her. Can’t you see the little girl is freezing to death?” Jenny pulls down the scarf that have just been tied around her neck, showing a face of indignation.
	Is she playing a joke with the risk of others’ life?
	“Believe it or not, after you say so, it will make the little girl even more unfortunate. I think Milena wanted to act the scene obediently just now before you arguing with her. Aren’t you making trouble now?”
	Cecelia pushes the spectacles on his nose. He gives a towel to Jenny to wipe her face and sighs, “I’d better ready to buy you something to eat. I guess our shooting for today is going to continue until late night.”
	It is still raining. The rain in early spring is most icy and piercing cold, which almost freezes people when it hits their face.
	Everything is just as Cecelia said, Milena makes the scene repeat over and over again. And she seems enjoying it. She looks at Jenny as if she is provoking her. Her assistant holds up an umbrella for her and gets her a cup of hot coffee. It seems like Milena wants to play with Jenny and waste her time.
	If the weather is good, Jenny won’t mind wasting her time with Milena. But, the little girl who acts as the substitute for Milena cannot afford to waste her time with Milena anymore. Her lips already turn blue and she is so cold that she cannot say a single word.
	Jenny wraps the little girl with some thick clothes inside her tent. She even brings a heater for the girl. However, it is not very effective to warm her body as she falls into the cold water entirely just now.
	“Miss. Jenny, thanks…thank you…I…I am better now…please ask the director….to start shooting…”
	Jenny frowns and looks at the stubborn little girl. She becomes more irritated by Milena’s behavior.
	Before the shooting starts. Jenny walks to Milena’s tent with an angry face and questions her, “Do you have grudges with me or the little girl? We are all actresses. Why do you try to make others in trouble? In this industry, no one can guarantee that you will be always popular. So why do you hold a grudge against others?”
	Milena is holding a cup of Starbucks coffee. She is surrounded by several makeup artists to reapply her makeup and wipe the rain off her face. She sneers and looks at Jenny, “Do you think you’re the heroine? I don’t intend to hold a grudge against anyone. It’s just I’m not feeling well for today’s shooting and I’m really sorry to you guys…”
	“You…”
	“Splash…” The cup of coffee in Milena’s hands falls on the ground, spilling all over Jenny, “Ah, I’m really sorry. It’s too cold today. My hands are trembling…”
	Jenny takes a step backward and let Cecelia clean her clothes quickly. She stares at Milena with cold eyes until Milena feels threatened, “I’m warning you, you better act your part smoothly in the shooting session later. If there is any problem in the last scene, I’ll let you try what it’s like to fall into the water.”
	Milena seems to turn a deaf ear to Jenny’s words. The last scene still takes a lot of time to shoot. But all the results are not good, which makes all the walk-on artists start to feel impatient.
	Jenny frowns and runs to the director to whisper a few words. The director frowns and looks at her, “Let’s try?”
	“Reeva falls into the lake. The twenty-third take. Action.”
	After the director shouts “Action”, the cameraman first gives Milena a close-up take, then slowly turns the camera to her sister-in-law who is chasing after her in the distance. While Milena is running to the lakeside, she looks at the woman who chase after her. When she sees Jenny, her facial expression changes dramatically.
	“What are you doing here? How come it is you?”
	The screenwriter is checking the lines of the script from a distance, “Wait, her words don’t match with the script…”
	Jenny immediately shows her a fierce look. She approaches Milena angrily, “Why can’t it be me? Why are you trying to commit suicide? Do you really think that you are my husband’s treasure? If you want to die, you’d better get out of my sight, such a jinx…”
	Milena is really terrified. She walks many steps backward to the lakeside. Before she asks the director for his help, Jenny quickly pushes her into the lake without hesitation.
	After she falls into the lake with a “Splash” sound. It is the third scene in which there are five or six village girls pass by the place and they run to the lakeside to save Reeva.
	“Cut…” the director shouts, “Nice take, it is a wrap.”
	Jenny stands at the side, covering her mouth while laughing.
	Milena’s head is covered with water plants. She is dripping wet and looking like a mess. She points at Jenny for a long time while trembling her lips, and finally stomps her foot, “Director, why didn’t you tell me about the sudden replacement? I thought you had promised me that you will use my substitute for the scene?”
	Director Wang glances at her and explains, “Milena, the substitute is just fainted just now. She is resting inside the studio. The appearance of Jenny is to make you surprised and isn’t it helping you in your acting just now? The performance you gave just now is perfect.”
	Milena looks dumb and cannot say anything, making everyone on the scene trying so hard to hold their laughter.
	There is one more scene afterwards, for Milena herself. She is sitting at the lakeside and crying. Jenny gives the actresses around her a handful of melon seeds while watching Milena acting. They even give advice to the director while watching her with fun.
	Director Wang is Jenny’s mentor. The movie that gets her the Golden Bear Award is also directed by Director Wang. At that time, director Wang is so impressed that he asks her to act for his movie again. However, Milena keeps on giving him trouble. He doesn’t expect that Jenny help him out this time.
Chapter167 Visiting the Workplace
	"Cut"
	"Director, I quit! I just can't do this anymore. How can I act with the grass still wet and with worms squirming around my feet?"
	A drama queen would always be a drama queen. They almost finished filming, and the actresses who played the show were nearly all gone. Jenny was chatting with Director Wang. Milena had failed several times in her last scene where she was supposed to act angrily and hysterically.
	Director Wang and the screenwriter tried to explain what the plot meant, while Milena still looked confused. She glared at Jenny and proposed, "Director Wang, do you think I need some help? How about letting somebody else do it for me first, so that I can learn from her?"
	As soon as Jenny heard that, she knew the woman was stirring up troubles again.
	Director Wang glanced at Jenny. She looked as if she didn't care at all. She said, "It's fine. I don't have any plans tonight. I'll do the scene and please give me your advice, too."
	It was a scene in a rainy day. Her makeup would be inevitably be ruined by the rain. The actresses were supposed to climb out of the lake, covered in mud and thinking about the betray from both her lover and her family. She felt twisted because she couldn't get the love she wanted, and at the same time she felt depressed. The actress had to find the balance between those feelings.
	Jenny was standing in a tent. The dresser rubbed mud on her clothes. She frowned and said, "Thank you, but I'll do it myself.”
	She carried the bucket and walked to the lake. Then she filled a half bucket of water and threw in lots of mud. She poured the muddy water on her shoulder and wiped it on her own face.
	Everyone was shocked, including Milena.
	Director Wang was the only one watching her appreciatively. He clapped the slate and announced, "Action!"
	A messy girl was sitting by the lake, wailing in the rain. Her tears were mixed up with the rain. There was mud on her beautiful faces, which made her face blurred. Her pink eyes made everybody's heart broken. They had as much sympathy for her as hatred. Jenny was acting so vividly.
	In the last close-up shot, Jenny's eyes were brimmed with tears. The vividness in her eyes was fading away, taken over by strangeness. She cried and laughed, staggering out of everybody's sight in the rain.
	"Great!"
	Nobody realized the scene had ended until Director Wang yelled out “cut”, because they were all stunned by her impressive performance.
	That was real acting!
	Milena stood and watched. Her facial expression looked quite complicated. She opened her mouth several times while nothing came out of it.
	Jenny picked up the towel handed over by Cecelia. Then she ran to the camera to watch the replay. She asked, "Am I do well just now? Do you think we need to do it once again?"
	"Not bad..., but it could've been better if you turn around in the end. That would be more appealing," said Director Wang.
	Jenny then argued, "but I assumed that Reeva would feel twisted and desperate by then. She wouldn't look back because she couldn't wait to leave this place."
	Milena clenched her fingers and stood aside. She couldn't find any way to join in their conversation.
	At first, she thought Jenny was just a beautiful woman that knew nothing about acting at all. She didn't believe that Jenny would win Director Wang's second look.
	Now Milena was the one who looked stupid.
	While they were cleaning up the site, Cecelia came in and yelled, "Jenny... guess who's here?"
	Jenny was soaked all over and she didn't bring any clothes for change. She was now sitting on a chair, with herself wrapped in her coat, looking at her underwear on the heater. She looked a bit dazed and asked, "Who's there? Please be Shawn, I need her to bring me my clothes."
	"Shawn is too busy today. It's Luke..."
	"OK... Who?"
	Jenny jumped off the chair upon hearing the name.
	Just by then, the flyer of the tent was lifted up, Luke's stern face popped in.
	Cecelia stuck her tongue out and left the tent because she knew what was going to happen next.
	Jenny and Luke were left in the tent alone.
	"Please... take a seat," Jenny stammered. She greeted him and started to tuck the messy hair on her head. As she lowered her head, she saw her underwear on the heater and froze. In a hurry, she grabbed the underwear and sat on it.
	Luke frowned as he saw what was in the tent. He seemed reluctant to stay in this place. Then he saw Jenny's bare neck and the beautiful collarbone in the down jacket. He frowned even more deeply and asked,
	"Where's your sweater?"
	His questioning tone was cold.
	Jenny hesitated for a moment. She shrugged and answered, "It was all wet. Cecelia took it out to get it dry."
	"Is the filming finished?"
	"Yes, it's over."
	Jenny lowered her head and tried to hide her underwear in the corner.
	Luke checked her from head to toes. She was wearing a pair of disposable slippers. Her shoes and socks were all on the heater. Luke wondered what the film was really about and why Jenny didn't bring any extra clothes to change.
	She just didn't know how to take care of herself.
	He frowned and sighed coldly. Then he held her in his arms and lifted her away from the chair.
	"Hey, where are you taking me?"
	"Home."
	It was getting dark. Few people could see what was going on in this place. When the two left the tent, Jenny could hear Tom chatting and having dinner with the crew. Luke took her away from the noisy and got her in the car, throwing her on the leather backseat.
	Jenny lost her shoes on the halfway. So there was no way for her to escape. The only thing she could do now was to glare and pout.
	"What do you want from me?" She asked with her big eyes blinking. Then she raised her leg and put it on Luke's chest to keep him from getting any closer.
	Luke grabbed the slender foot and slowly squeezed, and then he leaned down. Jenny's legs were split up and put on his shoulder.
	The position was too erotic. Moreover, Jenny was wearing nothing but underwear inside the down jacket. As her legs were stretched, the smoothy skin was as fair as the brightest full moon.
	Luke's big hands slid from her ankles to her thighs, and his breath was on her ear. He answered, "It's your call."
	Jenny gritted her teeth. She was too shy to raise her head. She wanted to hide her blushing face in the car seat as deep as possible.
	The car trembled and the door was opened.
	"Luke... you..."
	Tom's rough voice interrupted the romantic vibe in the car. Within shorter than a flash, Luke pulled down the down jacket on Jenny's waist and covered her legs. Then he threw a blanket on her, casting a glare at Tom.
	"I... I see nothing... you guys continue..."
	Just as Tom was about to leave, Luke snorted, "Get in the car, let's go home."
	Tom looked so embarrassed. He didn't dare to look back on their way home. The minivan darted on the road like a racing car. Tom tried to reach the destination as soon as he could so as to get away from the awkwardness.
Chapter168 A Romantic Night
	Luke hugged Jenny off the ground as soon as they arrived at the gate of his private apartment. Then he carried her inside and left Tom outside. Tom had an intriguing smile all over his face.
	The vroom of the car engine faded away and the night fell silent.
	Every step he took, Luke stomped on the floor light. He walked straight into the room and put her on the sofa. Jenny covered her face with the blanket, her big eyes wandering on Luke's body.
	"I'm hungry," she patted on her belly under the blanket, and looked up at Luke with pitiful eyes.
	"Me too...," Luke replied.
	He looked at her with eagerness in his eyes. The same thing sounded so different when it came out of his mouth.
	Jenny stared at him until she saw the fire in his eyes. In a hurry, she tried to get off the sofa and exclaimed, "Excuse me... I need to take a shower."
	Before she could walk away from the sofa, her slender ankle had been grasped by him.
	His palm was so warm that her ankle was burning.
	The heat from her ankle was like a stream creeping slowly through her body.
	"What are you doing?" Her voice was weakened. Her struggle was so weak that it was more like flirting than refusing.
	Luke's cold face remained unchanged. His big rough hand groped down her ankle to her waist. Suddenly, Jenny felt light. She was lifted away from the sofa and carried to the bathroom.
	Shower water dripped on her face, and she didn't even have the chance to dodge. She screamed in the cold water and bounced away. The only black down jacket covering her body fell outside of the shower room. Through the crack of the door, a sensual scene was being put on.
	He trapped her in the shower room, and they did it for several times. The glass door of the shower room became see-through because of the steam. He pressed her fair wrist on the wall and panted over her ear. She could feel his chest rubbed on her back and burnt like hot coals. He kept going in and out of her, almost making her curl like a shrimp. At last, her fingers could reach her toes.
	She felt dazzling in her eyes while burning hot on her body. She kept one side of her face on the wall to cool herself down. However, as soon as her thoughts came slightly clear, his nibbles on her neck made her lose her head again. She felt as if she had lost control of herself, allowing him to do anything on her body.
	Having explored her lower abdomen, the big rough hands reached higher. Then his hands squeezed out of the cold wall and the fair breasts. He grabbed the two ample bosoms and rubbed them violently. Then his one hand moved upper reluctantly and lifted her chin, forcing her to look back.
	"Hmm...," She groaned, only to be stopped by his heaving panting mouth. He was turning her whole world upside down, getting her drowned in his sea of love, and claimed every inch of her body.
	He looked barely satisfied until she could hardly feel her own legs. Then they showed together, and Jenny went back to the bedroom, wrapped in a towel.
	Jenny was like a dredged pipe. She felt entirely free from worry. She tossed around on the bed and inclined to his chest again.
	Luke saw the two slender arms around his neck and smiled fondly, "What? Isn't that enough for you?"
	She still felt dizzy at that moment. Upon hearing her words, her face blushed again. Then she clenched her fist and punched him on the chest. Then she pouted and said, "I didn't have dinner yet. You owe me one."
	Luke raised his eyebrows and grasped her by the wrist. Then he bites her on the ear and asked with his hoarse and tempting voice, "I see... you're far from being exhausted yet. Why don't you feed me first?
	She buried her face deep in his arms. Her cheeks were like pink sunset glows. Luke found it so tempting
	Jenny almost groaned out as she felt the warm breath on his ear. Before she could react, her body had already been under Luke. The quilt rose and fell like sea waves. She moaned and screamed, which made Luke so excited that he nearly shoved her off the bed. After a long while, the man moaned and Jenny felt the warmth inside her. At that moment, everything became so chaotic and she passed out immediately.
	When she woke up, she smelled the scent of noodle soup. She tried hard to support herself on the bed and looked outside of the room.
	There was nothing she could see except the yellow dim light. The only thing she could hear was the clanging of pots and pans.
	It was raining outside. Jenny felt a bit chill.
	She wrapped the sheets tightly around herself and wiped the steam on the window. She looked up at the moon. The moon was getting dark, and the sun was about to rise. She didn't know how long she had slept. It felt short as a flash, and long as a century.
	She could not resist the joy of passion brought by Luke, but she also could not resist the confusion and doubt after their passion. Her body and soul felt in totally opposite ways. One told him to indulge herself in the pleasure, while the other told her to set the boundaries and figure out what she really wanted.
	Luke served the noodles with stewed pork as the topping. He was about to check whether the cutie was awake when he heard the gentle steps on the stairs.
	He looked up and saw Jenny neatly dressed and went downstairs.
	He frowned and asked, "Are you going out?"
	Jenny raised her wrist awkwardly. She tucked the messy hair around her ear. Then she nodded and answered, "I'm the brand ambassador of Eshmour. I am going to be on the runway for tonight’s show. I have to get there earlier for the makeup and fitting."
	It was barely dawn now. Luke felt so weird that she had to leave so early.
	A cold light flashed in Luke's eyes. He asked indifferently, "You'd better give me another reason."
	Jenny hesitated for a moment and answered, "Sorry, I don't have one."
	Luke didn't block on her way out. He watched her walking out of the hallway. Then she opened the door and left.
	The moment she walked out of the apartment, the cold wind blew in her clothes through her collar. She shivered and remembered the bowl of hot noodles on the table before she went out
	As Luke stood at the door and saw it close, his eyes turned extremely cold.
	The woman was like an ungrateful wolf cub. She always turned distant all of a sudden and left without hesitation, with no regard to the occasion and atmosphere.
	The doorbell was ringing. Luke seemed surprised.
	As he opened the door, he saw a smiling face hiding inside the down jacket, looking at him timidly. She muttered, "I haven't had dinner yet. I’d better have my breakfast first."
	A warm hug pressed her forehead onto his chest. She felt a little dizzy as if she had run into a bouncy wall.
	His kisses fell on her face like a shower. She felt so overwhelmed, yet she accepted it with no hesitation for the first time since they met.
	She didn't want to be anxious about anything anymore. Even if something happened in the future, she was willing to face it and endure it. It was good to seize this moment and enjoy the immediate pleasure, a great way for her to live.
Chapter 169 Her Identity
	After that night, Jenny felt like she had crossed a hurdle, and wanted to live a good life with Luke. What happened afterwards would be left for the future. When she woke up the next day, Luke had already left. A note was left by her pillow, reminding her to eat. The Luke Up Group had recently been too busy with the merger and acquisition, so she had no chance of meeting him for a few days after that.
	On the day of the birthday banquet for the son of the HY Group’s young master, Jenny finally got changed and attended the event.
	Daniel had been waiting at the entrance. The moment he saw Jenny, he wished he could poke his finger into her skull, "Well, my lady, is it you who are asking for my help or is it me who ask for your help? You know what time is it now? If I didn’t go in to dress Mrs. Sapphire up, these socialites from the high society would eat me alive!"
	"It is all my fault. Let’s go. Hurry up."
	Jenny urged him repeatedly. Before she moved on, she looked around the entrance and didn’t see Allen. She got butterflies in her stomach and felt uneasy and anxious.
	After they entered the banquet hall in the hotel, Jenny didn’t want to follow Daniel around, but Daniel had been dragging her and wouldn’t let her go, for fear that something unexpected would happen to her. Finally she was dragged into the dressing room.
	The dressing room was furnished in a European style. The first things that caught the eyes were those pieces of white and golden furniture. This hotel belonged to the HY Group. Once entering the dressing room, they saw Mrs. Sapphire, who was in simple loungewear, sitting in the sofa impatiently, while a few luxuriously dressed ladies stood next to her, keeping her company.
	Mrs. Sapphire’s face brightened up at the sight of Daniel, "Finally you’re here. Come on and help me choose a gown. The dinner party is about to start."
	Daniel immediately went to the gowns.
	Sapphire got a glimpse of Jenny from the corner of her eyes and frowned, "Daniel, who’s she?"
	"Oh, she’s my assistant. She’s here to help."
	"She looks familiar…"
	Jenny’s heart missed a beat. She deliberately put on no make-up today. She was wearing baggy clothes and a hat, so she thought nobody would recognize her.
	Although Sapphire and Allen were old acquaintances, Sapphire didn’t know Jenny because it was Allen who had turned up for the Jin family’s activities all those years. The outsiders only knew that there was a lady in the Jin family who didn’t like showing up in public, but few knew that Jenny was from the Jin family.
	"She has a popular face and is far from being familiar. Mrs. Sapphire, how about this gown? Open back is on trend now."
	"OK. Whatever you say!"
	Sapphire’s attention was distracted by Daniel soon and she threw herself into Daniel’s style design.
	When Jenny was wandering around in the dressing room, someone came in suddenly to look for Sapphire. In a suit, he looked like an assistant.
	"Mrs. Sapphire, Allen’s here."
	On hearing the name of "Allen", Jenny was startled. She turned to Sapphire and stared closely at her.
	Her face changed unsurprisingly, "Why is he here? Throw him away."
	"But…" The assistant seemed a little bewildered. After a while, he said, frowning, "But Mr. Lachlan Hopkins has already seen him and thus let him in. He said that he is a guest after all. Since he’s here, we should treat him properly."
	Sapphire’s face turned pale immediately as if she had heard something terrible. She urged Daniel, "Are you done? I have to go out once you’re done."
	Daniel was putting her hair in an tight updo. After pinning the hair with the last hairgrip, he was done.
	Sapphire seemed to be in a hurry to leave. Daniel asked someone next to him, "What happened to Mrs. Sapphire?"
	Gathering up her skirts, a lady who had been watching aside sat on the seat which had been occupied by Sapphire, and touched her own hair.
	"It has already been three years and Sapphire’s son is three now. Ex-boyfriend, or, ex-backup guy came here. If he isn’t a spoiler, who is he? Come and fix my hair now. I just saw it getting a little loose."
	While Daniel was working on the hair, Jenny sneaked out of the dressing room, walking along the row of lounges on the second floor when she heard Sapphire’s voice.
	"Who told you to let him in?"
	"Don’t you want to see your old lover now?" A man’s voice came through. It sounded resonant, and one could tell the speaker was at his prime time.
	"Lachlan Hopkins, what’s your attitude? Let us be clear. If it wasn’t me playing along with Allen back then, would it be so easy for you to pull it off?"
	"You don’t have to mention the past to me. If not for the support of the HY Group, your family would have lost everything! You did a great job back then, and climbed into his bed!"
	The sound of a heavy slap in the face came through from the room. Suddenly, Jenny’s face froze.
	"Bitch, how dare you slap me! You are courting death."
	"I would rather die than live with someone shameless!"
	"Who is shameless, you or I? Who is the son’s father? Do you really think that I protect your dignity in front of everyone, you fucking whore?"
	"He is the son of your Hopkins family!" Sapphire said with absolute certainty and coldness, "Whether you acknowledge him or not, he is the son of your Hopkins family, unless you don’t want your dignity anymore!"
	"Well, the dignity of the Hopkins has long been ruined by you…"
	Jenny heard the footsteps coming closer, so she escaped into the opposite room. She closed the door and took a peek from the cat’s eye. She saw a man in his 40s walking out from the room. According to their quarrel, this man was Lachlan Hopkins, the young master of the HY Group.
	Her heart felt like it had swallowed a pin, and she didn’t recover her composure for quite a while.
	Every wealthy family had its own issues. It was believed that Lachlan was not a womanizing man. It seemed he was not interested in women at all. As for who was the real father of Sapphire’s son, Jenny was confused. Was her uncle really the father of their son?
	It was not until Sapphire left that Jenny went out of the lounge. Hardly had she taken a few steps, she was called to stop.
	"Who are you?"
	The sound of the man’s footsteps came closer and closer. He took a few steps further and sized her up, "Are you working as a temporary help? Why haven’t you got changed yet?"
	"I’m going to get changed right now…" Lowering her head, Jenny dashed away.
	"Don’t be so rash. You’re going in the wrong way. This way…"
	Jenny was dragged into the changing room. She put on the waitress uniform and was thrown into the kitchen to help. Having been buzzing around for a while, she finally managed to carry a tray and go out, but meanwhile, the dinner party had already started.
	The dinner parties thrown by the Hopkins had always been spectacular. Almost all business moguls from all walks of life in the city were invited. If she hadn’t manage to cajole the fact that Luke wouldn’t attend a dinner party like this out of Tom, Jenny wouldn’t have dared to hang out in the banquet hall so boldly.
	Jenny saw Allen sitting in the corner from a distance. Allen had been glancing around, and apparently was looking for someone.
	At the thought of the quarrel, Jenny had a sort of feeling that Allen shouldn’t stay here for long, so she walked to him and wanted to persuade him to leave immediately.
	She didn’t expect that the issue of the Hopkins family would be so complicated. She just wanted to teach Allen a lesson and give up on Sapphire, but it seemed that the matters had to be handled slowly.
	What she worried about most was whether her uncle was the father of Sapphire’s son.
Chapter 170 Encounter
	Since Allen sat in a remote area, while there were many people in between who were toasting and sending greetings to each other blocking her, she, as a waitress, had to make way for everyone wherever she went. When she was halfway through, he heard a familiar voice.
	Her heart missed a beat. Dropping her head, she stood away instantly.
	Luke’s mother had come to the dinner party, and was standing half a meter away from Jenny, chatting with a beautiful young woman.
	"Yuky, regarding what you mentioned last time, is it making any progress? Who in Hong Kong on earth is related to that woman? Can we find it out?"
	Frowning, Jenny was about to walk away, while she was pulled into a corner by a strong and decisive force. Before she could scream, her mouth was covered by a palm.
	"Ouch…"
	George retracted his finger being bitten by Jenny, and cried out, "I saved you, yet you bit me."
	Jenny was stunned. She raised her eyes and finally made out who it was in front of her. She found it unbelievable, "Why are you here?"
	"Why can’t I be here? The Hopkins family has invited all socialites in Xicheng to the party. Why are you in this uniform? Are you playing an undercover agent?"
	George was in a white suit, with a black bow tie at his neck. When he grinned, he showed his white teeth and shallow dimples near the corners of his mouth, so innocent and naïve. However, since Victoria had spoon-fed him her life philosophy before, Jenny unconsciously felt that the man standing in front of her was nothing but a Ferocious Fly Trap.
	Even his words were poisonous at this moment.
	"I’m busy! I have to leave now…"
	"You’re leaving now? If you were seen wandering around by Luke’s mother in this uniform, you would find yourself in trouble when you went back."
	George’s words dragged back Jenny’s retreating foot. She turned to him, met his gaze with hers and questioned him, "How do you know about Luke and me?"
	"I know more than you think. For example, I know Luke and you have actually registered for a marriage certificate; Luke’s mother doesn’t like you that much, but she can’t find a flaw in you for the time being; and if you are caught by Luke’s mother in this uniform, the consequence would be…"
	"You…"
	Jenny looked George up and down, "Since you have known everything, you must be able to help me, right?"
	"You’re quite candid, aren’t you?"
	George had a teasing glint in his eyes. Although he had a bitter tongue, he was willing to help Jenny.
	In fact, even George himself couldn’t tell whether he did that for the sake of Luke or the rude girl, maybe both.
	Anyway, when she emerged again, Jenny had already changed into a strapless gown. She followed George around, clinking glasses and smiling naturally to the surrounding guests she had never met before, following the etiquette in a moderate manner.
	Although she needed to ask Allen to leave before everything, there was a more urgent problem she had to solve. Jenny had just heard Luke’s mother talking with the woman next to her and calling her "Yuky".
	"Well, I’m still wondering, what are you here for?"
	George lowered his voice and whispered in her ear.
	Jenny turned her head, kept a certain distance from him and said flatly, “Do you help me out of your curiosity?"
	"That’s not the case. I’m doing it for the sake of someone."
	"Then please keep silent and stop asking for the sake of someone."
	"You are such a…"
	Jenny had a pretty face. Although she had just put on a little makeup, she was still one of the most eye-catching and charming ladies in the dinner party. When Luke’s mother noticed her, there were already many business celebrities going over to toast her.
	George drank all the wines for her for the sake of Luke. When he couldn’t drink anymore, he put down the glass and waved his hand repeatedly, "If someone proposes a toast to you again, you need to handle them yourself. I cannot take any drink anymore."
	Hardly had George finished speaking, those playboys of the Meredith Group came over together. Holding the glasses, they looked Jenny up and down. She was somewhat a celebrity. These playboys had profound relation with the entertainment industry, so they all knew Jenny. However, they only considered Jenny a glamor girl whom George kept around with him and didn’t take her seriously.
	"Miss Jenny, I’ve heard a lot about you. You look much better in real life than on TV. Let me make a toast to you, and you cannot refuse me."
	George said that he wouldn’t offer any help anymore, but when he saw this scene, he couldn’t help saying, "Well gentlemen, why does she have to accept your toast? If she accepts every toast from you guys, will she still be able to go back home tonight?"
	"Mr. George, you’re wrong. If she won’t be able to go back her home, she can go home with me!"
	They were all playboys in Xicheng. Once these words were finished, they were in stitches. However, a wave of impatience flooded over Luke’s mother when she saw this scene.
	"Jenny, what are you doing?"
	Luke’s mother penetrated the surrounding crowd. Frowning, she walked up to Jenny with a darkened face. She glanced at the glass in Jenny’s hand and questioned, "What’s going on? Can you drink wine?"
	Jenny froze and suddenly didn’t know what to do with her hand holding the glass.
	George pulled those playboys aside immediately to dodge the bullet. Before he left, George explained, "Aunt Lu, what Jenny was drinking was water, not wine."
	The crowd dispersed, leaving Jenny and Luke’s mother standing face to face.
	"Why are you here? You are a friend of the Hopkins family?"
	"I… I… It was Mr. George who took me in…" Jenny rolled her eyeballs and saw George walking away, "Mr. George said that he didn’t have a companion, so I… I’m here to help."
	Jenny believed it was better to mention George than telling the truth. After all, she had been sticking to George. Even if she wanted to disassociate herself from him, the excuse had to convince Luke’s mother. Therefore, she had better play along with the situation, which would make her seem frank and upright.
	Luke’s mother’s features softened a little as expected, "George has always been an unreliable man and you should not hang out with him. You’re pregnant. Do you think you should be here?"
	After that, Luke’s mother glanced at Jenny’s belly, "It’s almost four months, right? How come there is no change at all? Are you still on diet?"
	Jenny was scared, and touched her own belly unconsciously, "No… This dress is loose so you can’t tell by just looking. It’s quite… obvious."
	The gown George had picked for her was strapless, but the part below the chest was bell-shaped, like a baby-doll dress with a girlish touch.
	Luke’s mother didn’t think much and sighed, "Come on, don’t move around too much. Find a place to rest."
	Jenny kept nodding. She caught a glimpse of that young woman who had been standing by Luke’s mother’s side all the time out of the corner of her eye. When she raised her head at her, Jenny was shocked.
	That young woman looked like Luke. It was not that Luke had a feminine face, but because this lady looked a little masculine. She had an aura of strength and harshness.
	"This is Luke’s aunt, Yuky. You may call her auntie."
	Jenny went blank for a moment, glanced at Luke’s mother and called Yuky in a low voice, "Auntie."
	"You’re beautiful and charming. No wander Luke fell in love with you at the first sight." Yuky’s voice sounded powerful, but to Jenny, there seemed to be an unspoken meaning behind these words.
Chapter 171 Unavoidable Confrontation
	Yuky and Luke looked quite alike, especially their identical cold temperament. Jenny couldn’t help to think whether people in the Lu Family were all so indifferent and difficult to get along with.
	Sometimes when Yuky said something, trying to be polite, one could only feel a strong sense of detachment and scrutiny.
	Yuky took a long look on Jenny directly, as if she wanted to see her through. It really made Jenny uncomfortable. Tracy pushed Yuky’s elbow, trying to break the embarrassment, and said, “We should have met in a more formal occasion. What a coincidence today!”
	Jenny smiled awkwardly, not sure what to say. They sat at a corner in the banquet hall. After some little talk, they talked about the wedding unavoidably.
	“I learn that there are few people in your family. Aren’t you inviting some relatives to the wedding?” Yuky asked, as if she was trying to gossip about something.
	Jenny was nervous, thinking of what happened in Chateau Jin three years ago. She was worried that Yuky knew her identity.
	“I lost contact with those relatives. They won’t come,” Jenny said.
	“Why?” Yuky asked.
	Jenny looked up at Yuky.
	Yuky smiled and said, “Tracy told me you had some maternal relatives. Why don’t you get in touch with them? It should be difficult for you as a young lady alone in the showbiz.” What a good question. If Jenny insisted on being isolated from her relatives, what happened three years ago would inevitably be put on the table. Yuky seemed to indicate that if not for someone’s support, Jenny would not have been doing well in the showbiz.
	“I have been studying abroad these years with few contacts with them. And my nanny is too old to travel here for the wedding.”
	“Oh, you have been studying abroad. Luke didn’t mention about it,” Tracy said, changing the topic of their conversation. Maybe she thought Yuky was so straight that it made Jenny awkward or she was really interested in Jenny’s diploma.
	“Because my job has nothing to do with it, I seldom mention it.” Jenny answered carefully. She understood that her diploma was nothing for the Lu Family. Frankie had helped to investigate the diploma of the three generations in Lu Family before. Even the lamest one graduated from the top national academic institute. Jenny got her graduate diploma by pulling wires, which was really not worth talking.
	As they were talking, they suddenly heard chaos in the center of the banquet hall, which alerted the security guards. Tracy frowned, looking towards the crowd and asked, “What happened? What a mess!”
	“I will go and check it,” Jenny said, lifting her dress and was about to leave when Tracy glanced at her and said scornfully, “What are you doing? You are pregnant. Stay here. It’s none of your business. People will take care of their own business. Don’t be so curious.”
	Yuky glanced at Jenny indifferently and said, “Let me go and have a look.”
	She came back in two minutes with a serious yet scornful look and said calmly, “Nothing serious. Someone not invited broke in. He must have offended Mrs. Hopkins, and acts like a dog with a bone, so she ordered the securities to beat him badly.”
	Tracy looked serious and asked, “They just beat him in the public?”
	“Yeah! Unlike Beijing, people here in Xicheng are quite tough, paying no attention to laws. Money talks. Even if he was beaten to death today, he would have been buried somewhere with nothing,” Yuky said and explained when peeking at Jenny, “I’m not talking about you. I mean those old families in Xicheng.”
	Jenny stayed calm, not paying much attention to Yuky’s sarcasm.
	“Well, it’s not safe here. Let’s go now. Yuky, tell the Hopkins Family that we are leaving. Jenny, leave with us in case someone run into you and hurt my grandson.” Tracy said, holding Jenny’s arm.
	Jenny hesitated for a second and nodded, saying nothing.
	Allen disappeared in just a second. It’d better that he had figured it out and left.
	When Yuky went to say goodbye to the Hopkins, Jenny and Tracy walked out of the hall. It was not far from them where two securities pulled a struggling man from the crowd. Jenny was stunt when she glanced at this. She let go of Tracy without a second thought and ran towards the crowd.
	“Uncle...” she nearly cried out but she managed to lower her voice and asked in a hoarse voice, “What happened? Why did you beat him badly?”
	“Excuse me, Miss! This guy broke in to cause trouble. We didn’t want to beat him either. We have shown our mercy.”
	Allen was beaten so bad that he fainted and he was in the securities’ disposal with blood on the floor.
	“No. You can’t...”
	“Jenny, what are you doing?” Tracy said with surprise.
	Jenny suddenly realized what she was doing. She stood there stiff.
	“Do you know him?”
	“No, I don’t know him,” Jenny stumbled to spit out the sentence, a trace of pain flashing in her eyes.
	“Why do you care for someone you don’t know?” Tracy held Jenny’s arm and walked out. Suddenly, she turned around and said, “Just take him out. Don’t make him die for your own good.”
	People here might not know Tracy but most of them knew Yuky. The securities followed her words as they knew she was with Yuky, thus she must be someone. They didn’t dare to offend her.
	After saying goodbye to the Hopkins Family, Yuky came out and get into her car. She asked, frowning when she found there was only Tracy at the back seats, “Where’s Jenny?”
	“She left something in the hall and went back to find it. She said we don’t need to wait for her.” Tracy didn’t suspect her words and said, rubbing her temple, “I have told Luke to ask her to leave the showbiz. How can she take good care of the family and the kids when she has to fly around with a messed up schedule? Luke just told me to leave it to themselves. I used to worry about his marriage, but now he is so obsessed with such a woman.”
	Hearing Tracy’s complaint, Yuki seemed to think of something and looked out of the window. She looked up and said, “Mr. Chen, you drive first with Tracy and wait for me at the next crossing. I need to take care of something and will be right back.”
	“Where are you going?”
	Yuki got out of the car and disappeared into the hotel in the dark. Trace was troubled because she had no idea what Yuki was doing.
Chapter 172 Walls Have Ears.
	When Jenny got rid of Tracy, she came into the hotel, wandering around and got out from the side door to the guard room. It took her some time to know that Allen had been thrown out of the hotel from the back door. She searched for a long time outside the hotel and finally found Allen in the flowerbeds.
	Once handsome in the suit, Allen was now like a dirty drowned rat. Jenny thought he was dead and quickly came over to him, only to find him lying on the garbage looking at the sky without blinking his eyes.
	“Are you all right? I’m taking you to the hospital.” Jenny tried to pull him up but failed as Allen was too strong. “Do you hear me? Can you get up yourself?”
	“Leave me alone.” Allen looked gloomy with a little light in his eyes, which was like a fading star before the dawn.
	Jenny stood beside him for a few seconds and then kicked a tin furiously, which happened to fall on Allen’s knee crease. She bent down and pulled Allen’s arm, “Get up, Allen. Look at you. What a loser you are because of a woman.”
	“Ease... Ease...” Allen moaned while getting up from the flowerbeds with two slim and long legs on the side of the flowerbeds. He held his arm which hurt because of Jenny’s power and sneered.
	“You do feel the pain, right?” Jenny really cared about her uncle although she was cursing. She held his arm, sighed and asked, “Where does it hurt? Is it broken? Let’s go to the hospital.”
	“It doesn’t hurt...” Allen looked up at Jenny, blinking his eyes and said cowardly, “It’s just that this suit was rented. If you break them apart, I can’t return them.”
	“Screw you...”
	“Ouch...” Allen screamed and held his arm thrown by Jenny. Now it was broken.
	Jenny helped the lamed Allen get into the taxi without noticing the shadow of a woman standing at the back door for a while. The woman looked at them with suspicion and stared at them until Jenny and Allen got into the taxi and left.
	Victoria was ordered by George to pick him up from the party. Not knowing where he lived, she just threw him in a random hotel. Drunk or not drunk, George was harassing Victoria all the way to the hotel, unlike what he used to be --despising Victoria who now felt like stabbing him.
	Finally the room was ready. With the receptionist’s strange look, Victoria carried George to his room and threw him on the bed. Then she pat her hands in despise.
	Without identification card, he could only stay in a small hotel on the roadside. The bed sheet, not sure whether they had been replaced or not, had suspicious yellow stains. There were two boxes of condom on the table as well. Everything looked scary.
	When she was about to leave, she saw this horny man lying on the bed shouting so she spitted disgustingly, “Who do you think you are? You will find it out when I finish my graduation project.”
	Victoria seemed to hear George’s moaning, “Don’t leave me...” when she closed the door. She was stunt for a second and then she rubbed her head, thinking she might have been wrong.
	Once returning home, she was about to ask Jenny to cook her some noodles. When she stopped at the door smelling a strong smell of rubbing alcohol and found some tissues with blood on the sofa and the table.
	“Oh! What happened? Jenny... Jenny... ”
	Jenny rushed out of her bedroom in her pajamas, “What’s wrong?”
	“Are you hurt?” Victoria immediately came over to Jenny and checked on her front and back.
	“I’m all right. I... The blood is from my uncle. Oh, right ...” Jenny said, pointing to the restroom, “My uncle needs to stay here for a couple of days.”
	“Your uncle?” Victoria said with a scary looking at the blood on the table, “Your uncle is not a rogue, is he?”
	Before Jenny had time to answer, Allen opened the restroom door and came out half naked with a white towel around his lower part, rubbing his hair, his chest tempting and strong, “Jenny, I... Oh, you are with someone...” He was stunt at the sight of Victoria and felt awkward when he looked down to find himself half-naked.
	“This is my uncle...” Jenny moved her eyes away from his chest and introduced him to Victoria, who was staring at Allen’s chest with obsession. Jenny threw the pajamas to Allen and laughed awkwardly, “Uncle, this is my roommate, Victoria...”
	“Hi...” Allen held the pajamas on his chest, trying to greet Victoria, stretching his other hand.
	Victoria got hold of Allen’s hand, nodding her head, “Hi, uncle. You are so young!”
	Allen was embarrassed, seeking help from Jenny.
	Jenny poked Victoria on her waist and said to her in a low voice, “If you don’t drop you hand from my uncle now, he won’t dare to stay here tonight.”
	“Oh!” Victoria dropped Allen’s hand, and Allen immediately ran into the restroom, closing the door as if he was being chased by a wolf.
	“Wipe your saliva. My uncle is old with a fragile heart...” Jenny glanced at Victoria with despise and went to sit on the sofa to enjoy the Salad she just made. She was told to attend a banquet but she was brought out before she could have anything. She had to take her troublesome uncle to the hospital. As soon as they arrived home, his wound burst and she was kept busy taking care of all this until he finally went to have a shower.
	“Don’t trick me! Is he your little lover who is in his twenties?” Victoria sat on the same single sofa pushing Jenny with her butt.
	“He is really my uncle. My own uncle.”
	“Is he single?”
	“Yeah. Why?” Jenny looked at Victoria, “Are you planning something?”
	“What do you need recently?”
	“Why? You wanna bribe me?”
	“Nah! I figure out you need an aunt...”
	“Go away...”
	Jenny didn’t allow Allen to go back to work on the dock carrying cargo, and asked him to give up his wages as well. She planned to make a room out of the storage room for him when she had time. To her surprise, Victoria was keener on it and immediately hired a decoration company to finish it. When Jenny came back home at night, she found the storage room had already been transformed into a new room, which looked clean with brand new beddings.
	In this case, it looked like Victoria was really gonna pursue her uncle. Jenny lay on the sofa eating her apple and pondered, watching Victoria help her uncle happily in the kitchen.
	Allen was just released from the jail and it would be so lucky for him to have a wife like Victoria, beautiful and rich. This world where people only admired beauty was really hopeless!
Chapter 173 Covers up
	After the birthday dinner of HY group, the Lu family issued a statement announcing the good news that Luke was going to get married, but did not disclose the identity of the bride. The news was issued by Luke's mother. The marriage of the Lu family was a big event, but Luke's mother didn't like identity of Jenny. She felt ashamed of it and simply let the newspaper hide it.
	Although she didn't mention the bride’s identity, there were rumors in the entertainment industry, especially in Jade Picture, and most people guessed the bride was Jenny. After all, they didn't see Mr. Lu get close to other female actress. More and more people were getting close to Jenny, but they were all kicked out by Shawn.
	After the wedding announcement, calls from Flower House were coming. Jenny’s grandma tried several times to ask her to move back, but she couldn't obey the old lady for her busy time at Eshmour Jewelry and the shooting of a new play.
	Fortunately, after several persuasions by Luke, the old lady changed the daily call to a call every two or three days, which reduced a lot of trouble for Jenny.
	In the evening, Jenny was lying in bed, feeling her stomach in a daze. Eshmour's spring jewelry show had been rehearsing for half a month and modified for more than ten times. She had to walk for the show every time. Grandma used to watch few TV programs, but she seemed to pay attention to her on TV recently because she hadn't been to flower house for a long time.
	Grandma also called today to ask her about the baby and whether the pregnancy test had been done.
	She felt her flat abdomen and was very worried.
	Victoria came back from the living room, humming a song. It seemed that she had succeeded in taking advantage of Allen again. It was really disgusting to see her so lustful.
	"Girl, what makes you unhappy? Say it to make me happy." She hopped onto the bed and sat beside Jenny, rocking the bed as if to shake it off.
	Jenny gave her a pat. "Don't make a fuss. I'm just upset."
	"Why? For Mr. Lu, who has disappeared for half a month?"
	"No..." Jenny touched her stomach. "Today, grandma called and wanted me to meet her. Don't you think it's strange that my stomach hasn't changed at all in four months? "
	She was forced to admit her fake pregnancy by Victoria. She thought that she could not hide it and told her.
	Victoria fell down beside her, gloating and giggling, "Paper can't cover a fire. Unless you're really pregnant, your fake pregnancy will be exposed sooner or later..."
	"It can't happen now." Jenny frowned, "Luke's grandmother is going to have an operation. I can't let her get angry before the operation is successful. Otherwise, I can't afford it if something goes wrong."
	"What are you afraid of? It's Luke's idea to let you have a fake pregnancy. You can blame him if something happens. His family may refuse to agree to your marriage, because you are not pregnant. That would be more troublesome. "
	It was also one of the worries that Jenny was struggling with.
	It was obvious that Luke’s mother didn't like her. If she knew that Jenny was not pregnant at all, her attitude toward the marriage would be changed completely.
	After thinking about it but did not come to a suitable solution, she pulled up the quilt and sighed.
	"Don't sigh. I have a solution." Victoria also got into the quilt and puffed in her ear with a smug look, "But you have to tell me what kind of woman your uncle likes in exchange."
	Victoria had been following Allen for half a month like a headless fly. Allen only treated her as a child, which made her angry.
	Hearing this, Jenny rushed her head from quilt, staring at Victoria and said, "He used to like hot women in the night clubs, wild and sexy..."
	She could only think of these descriptions when she thought of sapphire Poole's former nightclub reviews.
	"How fierce he is!"
	"My uncle's aesthetic is not so good anyway..." Jenny had always looked down on this.
	"No, I think it's very good. All men like sexy women with big breasts and buttocks. Your little uncle can say it openly and is a real man."
	"I think you're so lustful that you think he is good at everything." Jenny was too lazy to talk to her. She put her hand out of the quilt and said, "Come on, what's the solution?"
	"Hey, hey," Victoria took a pillow behind her and crossed the quilt to make a comparison on Jenny's stomach. "Haven't you seen it in the TV, when the concubine pretends to be pregnant? Isn't that ok? "
	"What a bad idea... "
	Jenny pulled up the quilt again and was too lazy to take care of this unreliable girl.
	Her idea of putting a pillow around the belly to pretend pregnancy, even the mentally retarded could found out.
	In fact, she didn't want to make it public with Luke before for her convenience in the future. But she didn't have so many scruples now since she had decided to be with him. Actually there were moments when she hoped she was really pregnant.
	The next morning, Luke called to ask her to go to the company and said that he would take her to meet a friend in the evening.
	Jenny was a little surprised for the fact that Luke still had friends. She really wanted to see who could stand this cold guy.
	She checked on her abdomen and looked herself in the mirror before going out. She could still see her slim figure even though she was wearing over-sized clothes; she sighed and glanced at the pillow on the sofa.
	She was wearing loose clothes recently. She was afraid that the reporter would photograph her and think she was pregnant, and people from the Lu family would see her on TV, thinking she was not pregnant. She was caught in a dilemma.
	On her way out, she planned to try out Victoria's bad idea because there was no other way.
	Luke was reading a document in the office on the 10th floor of Luke Up Group. Lillian answered the phone, looked up at the President's office outside the door, and went downstairs in a hurry.
	As soon as she went downstairs, she saw Howard at the front desk waving to her, "Here, Lillian."
	Lillian walked over in her high heels and frowned. "What's going on? Where is she?"
	"She stayed in the rest area. It seems that she is pregnant for four or five months. If it wasn't for Mr. Lu's wedding news, I would have asked the security guard to blow her out. I thought she was either Mr. Lu's wife or a mistress. You see. "
	Howard pointed to the figure in the rest area, dressed in black and covered tightly.
	It was said that Mr. Lu was not close to any woman, but strange things happened a lot in the first half of this year. It would be even more dramatic if a mistress was pregnant before his marriage.
	"What nonsense?" Lillian reached out and knocked on Howard's forehead. "I'll go and have a look."
	"Hello! Are you looking for Mr. Lu?" Lillian approached the black figure in rest area and asked with hesitation.
	The woman was wearing a mask and a pair of sunglasses under the brim of a black hat, and her white hand pulled down the sunglasses on the bridge of the nose, exposing a pair of big eyes and flashing eyelashes. She deliberately lowered her voice and said, "Lillian, it's me..."
Chapter 174 A Palliative
	Lillian was stunned when she heard the voice. After a while, she suddenly exclaimed, "Madam!"
	Jenny had never been to Luke Up Group, and Lillian hadn't seen her for a long time. She saw big belly as soon as they met each other. What a surprise!
	Lillian took Jenny to Luke's special elevator corridor and went up to the 10th floor, ignoring the gossips around. She asked, "Are you not afraid to be photographed by reporters when you come out like this?"
	Jenny pulled the mask down a little and breathed, "Fortunately, I came here fully armed today and went around for several circles. Even if there were reporters, I should have thrown them away."
	“Are you pregnant for four or five months?" Lillian looked at Jenny's exposed belly.
	Jenny was a little stunned. Subconsciously, she reached out and touched her stomach. Her face was a little chatty, "well, four months."
	Victoria’s idea was really bad, but it seemed that this problem can be concealed.
	Lillian knocked at the door of the office.
	"Come in."
	"Mr. Lu, there is someone looking for you?"
	"Well?" Luke looked up from a pile of documents. He looked at the black, bloated figure wearing a black hat and a black mask, fully armed.
	He had a slight blink in his eye and spat out a word suspiciously, "Jenny?"
	Jenny chuckled, took off her mask and came in, "so you can recognize me? Lillian just walked up to me and didn't recognize me at all."
	As Jenny walked into the office, Lillian carefully closed the door behind her and shut the two people in the room.
	Luke looked at Jenny with disbelief. She was wearing an over-sized coat and her hands were supporting her waist as she walked around. She did not hide her status as a pregnant woman, and the bulging stomach made him unprepared.
	"You..."
	“How’s it? Is it OK?" Jenny took off her coat, revealing her loose cotton hemp belt trousers. At the moment, her stomach was bulging like a balloon.
	"What do you want to do?" Luke frowned
	"Your mother and grandma have been watching TV recently, and told me my belly remained unchanged. You have no idea, so I have to come up with this." Jenny tugged at the shoulder strap, pulled up the white sweater underneath, and pulled out half of the pillow between the sweater and the pants.
	"Ah..." Luke stood up and looked at the pillow for a long time. He coughed twice, put his fist beside his mouth, lowering his head, but couldn't help laughing.
	"How can you smile...?” Jenny stamped her foot. "I'm very anxious."
	"What are you worried about? Isn't it great?"
	Luke walked around the desk to her and picked up the pillow. At the moment, the pillow was a little shriveled and he could not help laughing.
	"That’s not great. I still have a public show ahead. It's no problem in front of grandma, but what can I do with the notice?"
	Jenny was sitting on the sofa with her arms in her chest. "What's more, this was only a palliative. When will Grandma have the operation?"
	A deep look flashed in Luke's eyes. "There is a way to cure the root cause..."
	“What’s the solution?"
	Jenny was overjoyed and looked at Luke seriously.
	Luke bent down slightly, leaning over to Jenny, and hooked his finger at her. "Come here, I'll tell you."
	Jenny leaned over and put her ear close to his lips, and her ear felt a warm, steady breath.
	"I'll try to make you pregnant, as soon as possible."
	The breath beside her ear suddenly became extremely hot, as if there was a flame in the scurry; she was completely blushed red from the root of her ear to her neck.
	Jenny suddenly turned her head and glared at Luke angrily, "I am serious. How can you..."
	"How can I?"
	Luke straightened up, and sat down on the sofa beside Jenny, squinting at Jenny's appearance with a bit of banter.
	"You are a hooligan... "
	This word actually touched the heart of the hooligan. He stared at Jenny with one hand casually on the back of the sofa and put his other hand on the armrest behind her, encircling her whole body within his chest. As soon as Jenny realized the danger, she was ready to run away.
	"Say it again!"
	Jenny lowered her head and bit her lips. Her heart was crispy and numb by the way he whispered, she murmured, "You are just a hooligan, don't deny it..."
	The next second, the cold face above her brushed her cheek, and accurately touched her lips, without any precautions, his kiss drove straight in, and she was whirling around with no resistance.
	She did not know when the belt of her trousers slipped to one side. The dress was too loose without the support of the pillow. At the moment, it was too soft and fell to one side, revealing a piece of snow-white skin on her waist.
	A pair of hands with thin calluses brushed her delicate skin, leaving a thrilling shudder. His hands went deep into her back from both sides of the waist. After two gentle movements, he untied the clothes, groped along the edge to the most plumping part of her body, and kneaded it fiercely.
	Her body was hanging back in the air, her hands were reflexively hooked around his neck, and she could not help moaning. The next second, she was sealed on her lips by him, with a long kiss.
	From the beginning of his kiss, Jenny felt burning all over. This man has fatal magic power. In just a few times, he was so familiar with her body like, knowing every sensitive point, and could easily provoke her and made her unable to stop.
	He even allowed her to put aside her shame and took the initiative to cater to his preferences.
	They intertwined on the sofa, her trousers fell on the carpet, the glass window on the bookshelf reflected the woman's snow-white back, and the ups and downs of the body, The man put his hand into the white sweater, craving for all the beauty in her. The woman squinted her eyes, opened her cherry-like mouth slightly, and made tempting sounds. She was holding the man's neck and seemed to be trapped in a round of endless madness, burning passion and galloping.
	Some people said sex was addictive. Jenny used to think it was about a lustful obscene. It would be Victoria's crazy pursuit of the body at most, but it would never be her. However, after meeting Luke or under his guidance, she felt as if her body was not under her control, and as long as she was near Luke, she would always fantasize, and it was hard to control herself.
	She was lying on Luke's shoulder, holding him tightly in her arms, breathing vaguely with the rhythm of her body. Her eyes closed, her original sweet voice was a little hoarse, “Luke...um Ah ... it seems that ... Ah ... I can't live without you... "
Chapter 175 Sincerity
	After Jenny said this, the person under her body kept still and said nothing for a while. When she felt that she was about to get back a trace of her sanity, she began to regret what nonsense she was talking about. Before she could feel regretful, her whole body suddenly got turned upside down.
	She hit the soft leather sofa with her back, which was stone-cold, she couldn’t help shivering.
	Luke's face was right in front of her, staring down at her. His eyes seemed to be as clear as the sky when thick clouds of smoke were cleared, yet covered with lust as a blood mist. Before she could understand the meaning, her lips were sealed by his kiss again, rough and wild this time, as if it were a strong response to what she just said.
	His knee suddenly went between her two smooth white legs, his hot hands taking her ankles, putting her legs on his shoulders. Such a shameful posture made Jenny’s eyes widened. Before she could even speak, a hot strong strength filled her body, pushing her to the corner of the sofa. He was inside her. Her whole body couldn’t help trembling with his action. She had no chance for resistance.
	After the wild sex, Jenny snuggled up in his arms with a gentle panting breath. She couldn’t even gather a bit of energy as if her whole body fell apart and were reassembled, and she could only stay in his arms limply.
	”Didn't you mention you have to see your friend?” She said in her tired voice.
	”Yes, in the evening.”
	Luke lowered his head and kissed the hair on the top of her head, “But your performance today made me want to save the evening, too.”
	”You are disgusting!” Jenny hit him on his chest with her limp fist.
	Luke reached out his hand to take her hand, and put it to his lips, kissing the back of it, while the hand was on her body again.
	Jenny was a little panicked. She yanked her hand back, lowered her head and muttered, "Again?"
	She was tired, even filming overnight wouldn’t make her feel so exhausted.
	“Honey, it is the duty of a wife.”
	Biting her red ear, frown line encroaching on a very crowded forehead, and importuning and stroking her, and in the end he enjoyed her body again as he wished.
	Afterwards, Jenny took a bath in the bathroom of Luke’s office. During the bath, she thought about what happened today. The more she thought, the more she felt that Luke must have planned this. In the end, she concluded that she really let him take advantage of her. She just came here for dinner. However, in the end, she spent the whole day staying with him experiencing various new sexual positions.
	The dinner was at a chic pub. People were sitting scattered. When they were waiting, Jenny said she needed to go to the bathroom and left Luke alone in the bistro.
	There was no washroom in the bistro. The washroom was located at the back door, which was convenient for Jenny to go out fair and square.
	At check-out counter in the pharmacy near the bistro.
	"This medicine is a powerful for post-sex prevention, which will have certain side effects on the body." The cashier was a middle-aged woman in a white coat, she said, pushing her glasses up her nose. "Young lady, you should be mindful to restrain yourself and avoid taking this medicine."
	Jenny lowered her head, pressing her hat low. She said nothing, but just put down another box of medicine at the checkout counter and signalled to her for the bill.
	This bottle of drugs was used before sex. Although it was not as strong as that used for after sex, its long term use will naturally have side effects on the body, too. She surely knew that. It was just that she wasn’t ready to get pregnant yet. She thought it was better not to come unexpectedly.
	When she bought the medicine and went back, Luke’s friend had already arrived, sitting there with his back to the entrance of the bistro. It seemed that he was talking about something interesting to Luke, but Luke’s expression was always indifferent, as if he didn’t take his words to heart.
	When Jenny went up to the seat, she didn't bother to see who was sitting opposite, but subconsciously hid her bag nervously, and sat down with her head bowed.
	"What took you so long? Not feeling well?" asked Luke.
	”I’m fine.” Jenny replied, her eyes seemed a little dodge, smiling.
	“Come on! Don't do PDA (Public Display of Affection)! Uh, you guys don’t have time to introduce me, yet you find so much time to be lovey-dovey. Luke, that’s too much..."
	This voice?
	Jenny suddenly raised her head to look at the opposite side, and her sight was exactly meeting the tongue-in-cheek gaze of George impartially.
	Why was George?
	”You!” exclaimed Jenny.
	“Surprised?” George smiled recklessly, "Are you surprised that Luke has such an excellent friend as me, or are you surprised that such an excellent man like me would be a friend of Luke?"
	Didn’t the two statements mean the same thing?
	Just like what Victoria said, he was a narcissist.
	”What? You knew each other?”
	Luke frowned slightly, and looked at George with an unfriendly look.
	The occurrence of unexpected things was generally dominated by George. What connection did he have with Jenny without telling him?
	"Hey, hey, easy... Don't look at me like that. There is totally nothing suspicious between me and your dear lady. Well, okay, technically we did meet twice. Once at a night club, and for the other, I encountered her at a drinking party..."
	“Night club?” Luke raised his eyebrows, looking at Jenny with subtle eyes, “I didn’t know you had that hobby.”
	“Don’t listen to him... "Jenny was waving her hand, “It was my girlfriend Victoria she..."
	Before Jenny could finish her words, an angry voice came from the direction of the entrance of the bistro, getting nearer and nearer.
	“George, are you out of your mind to find such an inconspicuous and solitary place for dinner? Damn! If I didn’t have a good sense of direction, I would have been totally lost...”
	Just after a few steps by Victoria, the curtain between her and Jenny turned into another direction, her vision became wide suddenly, and a familiar face showed up.
	“Jenny?”
	Such a surprising coincidence was beyond their expectations. Luke said nothing but glanced at them in confusion. Victoria kept talking with a strong personal feeling for quite a long time since she sat down, complaining about George.
	Well, she even had the nerve to scold George. Jenny felt there was a great possibility that she didn't actually suffer at the company. And all her complaints about her work when she came back from the office before would possibly not be reliable either. Under this circumstance, it seemed that George was the one who was depressed.
	What surprised her even more was that she seemed to see a trace of love in George's eyes staring at Victoria.
	If she was not mistaken, George might have a crush on Victoria.
	“Long Island iced tea is too strong. Uh, I think one cup of Sunrise will be perfect for you."George stopped the waiter to change the wine list.
	“What bullshit? Just because you couldn’t stand that, I’m not able to drink that either?”
	“This is for your good. You see if you got drunk, who am I supposed to find to drive me home?”
	“Oh, please! That sounds all for your own good. Don’t worry, no matter how drunk I am, I could still throw you into a small hotel.”
	“A small hotel, huh? God knows what a creep place you dropped me last time.”
	Watching them banter back and forth, the feeling that they were really a couple of quarrelsome lovers suddenly arose in Jenny’s mind. She felt that they would make such a cute couple.
	Well, her uncle always likes coquettish style women, so he probably doesn’t like childish little girls like Victoria, thought Jenny.
	There were some game props of game city in the pub. Victoria was busy checking out whether the guy her girlfriend dating deserved her, dragging Luke to the side to play darts. Well, according to her questions, she obviously wanted to make him talk.
	Now, only George and Jenny were at the table.
	“You see, I have helped you a lot before. Don't you think I deserve some returns from you? ” He squinted, with evil smiles on his face.
Chapter 176 Quid pro quo
	Jenny leaned on the sofa, raised a smile at the corners of her mouth, a suggestion of amusement playing about her eyes.
	”So, what do you want, George? Am I supposed to marry you?”
	"How dare I? If Luke hears this, he would kill me..."
	His expression was stretched, his eyes showing a bit nervousness which was unable to tell if he faked it or he was really a bit nervous.
	After that, he suddenly stopped talking, and looked like he was hesitant.
	Acting like that, yet he wanted to get Victoria? Well, the sun might really rise from the west if he succeeded.
	“Okay, you have a crush on Victoria, right?”
	Jin Yan simply went straight to the point and picked up the topic directly.
	“Yes." He admitted without any hesitation.
	“And then?” Jenny felt that it was not George asking her to help, more like that she was forcing him to ask her for help.
	“I used to think that I was very good at chasing women. Others' help would be just doing me disservice.” he hesitated, "However, I have some problems this time. I would like to ask for your advice."
	“Really?”
	"What exactly does Victoria like? She doesn't show any interest in things women usually like."
	Flowers, applause and center of attention did not work on her.
	"Victoria is not an ordinary girl." Jenny glanced away, "Since you ask me for help, I think maybe you'd like to do me a favor. What do you think?"
	George was taken aback for a moment when he heard this, and then a hint of a wry look flashed in his eyes, "Oh?"
	"Didn't I help you at the drinking party that day?"
	”I didn’t ask for it..."
	Women are always good at twisting words and forcing logic.
	"You sure sound just like Luke. No wonder you are a couple..."
	George murmured, and a smile curled at the corners of his mouth, "Okay, what do you want me to do for you? Let's talk."
	"There is a play that is recruiting actors. I'd like you to recommend me."
	"What made you think that I could help you? For things related to films, don't you think it is more convenient to seek Luke's help?"
	George‘s business is mainly in the costume design world. Although he also dabbled in other industries, he wasn’t involved in the entertainment world too much.
	"I have faith in you, George, there must be a way," Jenny smiled to bring out her dimples, twitching her eyebrows, "Besides, I don't want to ask Luke for help. Well, you may not understand that..."
	George thought for a while, "Which play do you want to be in?"
	“Lin Lang”
	It was a TV series to be directed by Regan, based on a popular IP. It had attracted a lot of attention since the casting began. For this play, the crew even rent the Forbidden Palace in Beijing, so it was a big-budget production.
	"You didn't turn to Luke for help. Is this because this play is going to be filmed in Beijing?"
	It was believed that if you joined Regan's show, which meant that you sent yourself into an enclosed room and couldn't get out at all. Usually it might take more than half a year, or you couldn't leave until the completion of all the parts of your scene in the show. George immediately pointed out the most important point in Jenny’s words.
	He supposed that Luke definitely wouldn't want his woman to spend more than half a year in the film crew away from him.
	Jenny's smile faltered slightly, "Just say you gonna help me or not. Actually, even if you don't help me, I have other way."
	Beijing is the closest place to the historical case between the Lu family and the Jin family. She had to go there sooner or later. Now this was a good opportunity.
	”Sure, I will help you.” George raised his brows, "Why not?"
	He laughed meaningfully. Over Jenny's shoulder, he looked at the two people in front of the game console.
	The woman who could attract Luke was really incredible, but he wanted to see how much Jenny would make Luke cross his bottom line.
	He rejected everyone into his world coldly, how could anyone break into his world? In what way?
	He had the feeling that Beijing, a place of hatred for Luke, might also be a place where he could untangle the knots.
	Why not let Jenny go for a try? Maybe there would be unexpected gains.
	Jenny didn't expect George to agree so easily, so she was a little stunned.
	"Aren't you good brothers? You really gonna help me?"
	“I'm a man, and I always keep to my words.” George smiled, "I can't wait to see Luke getting outraged. When you join the film crew, don't forget to inform me. I will take a camera to get Luke's reaction recorded."
	Jenny was dumbfounded on hearing his words. This was a so-called horrible friend, she thought.
	It was really strange that Luke could have a friend like George.
	Anyway, since George promised what she asked, surely she would return his favor.
	For a girl like Vistoria who has no scheming, it was actually easy to understand,
	"She has her own ideas. Actually, it is not effective for you to chase her. If you could find a way to let her take the initiative to come after you, then you are in."
	“She gets hit on me?”
	George stared with his eyes.
	In his past life, he just kept the thinking pattern that men chase women, so it was hard to change for a while.
	"Believe it or not, Victoria has her own ideas. I'm not joking with you. If you chase her, she will just ignore you. You can save your flowers, as that doesn't work. She has witnessed a lot since her childhood. That is all I'm gonna say, and then you are on your own."
	Jenny had a smile in her eyes.
	She remembered when they were in Melbourne, Victoria was chasing boys. She was really sweet and nice to them. But for those who chased her, she always ignored them. She liked things that she needed to fight for. It may be a kind of personal character, things that were too easy to get, she didn’t like and didn’t care."
	In short, any way you look at George, he was definitely not Victoria's type at present.
	Muscular and tough, but the pale man as George with pretty soft skin clearly had nothing like that.
	After the party, Jenny wanted to go with Luke, but Victoria insisted that she wanted a girlfriend night talking and dragged Jenny away, which made Luke staring at George with cold eyes, full of threats.
	George didn't have much choice, and risked being beaten by Victoria and dragged her to the next drinking party, saying that he had a bottle of good wine to share with her.
	The girl who loved wine like her life just discarded her best girlfriend like that.
	But when she left, she whispered a word right in Jenny's ear, "Luke seemed to be a nice you’re your taste is great!"
	That night, Luke took Jenny back to Flower House. Grandma was overjoyed when she saw Jenny's swollen belly. Even though she knew they already had dinner, she still ordered the kitchen to do a midnight feast, and let Jenny drink the tonic soup.
	"You could put your mind at rest and live in Flower House. And leave all the work away at present. That's OK. You have Luke to help you in the future, so you can work whenever you want to!"
	On the way, Luke phoned Shawn, and told her studio to turn down all her appoointments temporarily. Except for the Eshmour Spring Jewelry Exhibit, everything else was temporarily handed over to others.
	As for the jewelry exhibit, she could choose a dress which could hide her belly, and they might fool the public with some extra cares.
Chapter 177 Plot
	In a high-end apartment in the center of Xicheng City, a slender and elegant woman stood in front of the French windows with a glass of red wine in her hand. Anyone who had seen her would definitely think she was a lady of high society. The face reflected in the French windows had a sardonic expression, which was incompatible with her angelic appearance, as if she was wearing a mask, which looked especially strange in the darkness.
	On a white European-style wooden table, in addition to flowers and red wine, there was also a red Chinese style invitation card, which looked very festive.
	The text on the invitation was very eye-catching, "Luke Lu and his fiancée Jenny Jin sincerely invite Miss Sky Song to their engagement banquet."
	The engagement banquet was Luke's mother's idea. Because Luke's mother thought there were too many things to prepare for the wedding, she couldn't prepare everything for a while. In addition, Luke's mother had some prejudices against Jenny, just thought Jenny was pregnant, so she came up with the idea of engagement first.
	Not many invitations were sent, but they were all for celebrities from Beijing and Xicheng City. No one in the entertainment circle was invited except Sky. When Luke's mother called to test Jenny's thoughts, her words showed contempt for the entertainment industry. She said that it was just an engagement, so there was no need to make it public. The essence of what she said was actually to discriminate against people in the entertainment industry, worrying that Jenny would have any incompetent friends to ruin the elegance of the entire banquet.
	Jenny was not a sensitive person, and she didn’t have many friends in the entertainment industry. As her makeup artist, Daniel needed to go in and out freely, and she had nothing else to invite.
	In fact, Luke's mother's behavior was just deceiving herself. The fact that Jenny and Luke were going to marry had been widely known in the entertainment industry, but the Lu's family needed to admit it finally.
	"Big News! Popular Star Jenny Accompanied Friends Shopping, Flat Shoes, Belly Bulge, Suspected Pregnancy"
	Today’s entertainment news was repeatedly broadcast on TV, one after another in the high-end rooms.
	Sky paced to the sofa and stared at the figure of the woman on the TV for a long time. The sneer in her eyes became more obvious.
	pregnancy? Belly bulge?
	How to explain the sanitary pads that were just replaced in the bathroom?
	It was really not necessary for Sky to frame Jenny, as Jenny was really easy to show herself.
	Thinking of this, Sky sneered and drank the red wine in the glass.
	Ever since Luke brought Jenny back to Flower House, the old lady had been with Jenny every day, and almost never left. This also made Jenny completely lose the opportunity to move out.
	The company's activities and announcements were rejected by Shawn, because Shawn also thought Jenny was really pregnant. But Shawn was not angry, after all, news on newspaper was all positive. It was a good thing for Jenny to marry into a wealthy family, but it would also be difficult for her to become an idol artist in the future.
	When Eshmour learned that Jenny was pregnant, she planned to change to another actor at first. However, Luke used means to postpone the spring jewelry show, which was held at a fixed time each year, for one month.
	Jenny was also surprised by his decision.
	Luke seemed to be omnipotent, and have his own aura.
	Finally, when the old lady had an appointment with her little sister, Jenny had the opportunity to slip out of the Flower House. To avoid the reporter, she wrapped herself heavily.
	At the farmhouse in the southern suburbs, Allen rushed over after receiving the call.
	During this period, he had been helping Jenny investigate what happened that year. With the help of Allen, all things were much easier to investigate.
	After the meeting, Jenny took off her mask and hat off and drank a big sip of water. "Fortunately, this is the beginning of spring. If it is summer, I will have heat stroke on the way."
	"Why do you dress in such an exaggerated manner? A reporter is following you?" Allen made another cup of tea and handed it to her.
	"I don't know if there is any, anyway, I changed cars several times along the way, so no one should be following me now."
	"Your work is too compelling. Now you are planning to marry Luke, it is inevitable for you to be followed by reporters. If it becomes inconvenient in the future, we still call."
	"I hope this can happen too," Jenny sighed. "In Flower House, my grandma can't wait to be with me 24 hours a day. She can hear everything when I call. Besides, there are servants, they babbled, making me too exposed."
	"Have you actually thought about explaining it clearly to Luke?"
	Allen looked at Jenny hesitantly, "No matter what happened back then, it has nothing to do with him. I have also been investigating these days. People in the Lu family don't seem to know anything about the Jin's Wine Winery. As for Yuky, it is still unclear."
	"Uncle, what do you think if I tell Luke these things now?"
	Hearing Jenny’s words, Allen's expression was stagnant, and he was almost choked.
	If Luke believed that Jenny was not malicious, then he may help her investigate what happened in the past. No matter what the result was, the process would definitely set off the old grudges of the Lu and the Jin family. After all, Yuky was from the Lu family. No one knew how much effort she put on in those years.
	Jenny didn't want him to do anything for her, because if he chose to stand by, she would be disappointed. So no matter what happened, the ending was not appropriate. It would be better to just kept it secret, let him know nothing.
	"After we find out all the things that year, I will confess to him. During this period, the fewer people who know about these things, the better."
	Allen nodded in response, and then handed a document to Jenny, "I investigated what you asked me to do. There are also some unexpected gains. The owner of Light Winery, Teddie Palmer, suddenly disappeared, and his whereabouts are unknown. His second brother Eduard Palmer is now in charge of the winery. Not long after Eduard Palmer took over, he seems to have begun to cooperate with the Middle Up Group, but I don’t know why, the two batches of wine sent by Light Winery were both returned by the Middle Up Group.
	"Returned?" Jenny frowned, "For what reason?"
	"The quality is substandard."
	“These two batches of wine were produced after Eduard Palmer took over. The quality is indeed incomparable to the previous batch. I think the cooperation between Middle Up Group and Light Winery is most likely due to the Jin’s secret wine recipe.”
	Jenny was stunned, "Isn't the secret recipe missing?"
	"Back when my brother-in-law was still alive, you and my sister went on a trip. At that time, the house was stolen. One of the 37 secret recipes was stolen." Speaking of this, Allen looked up at Jenny. "My brother-in-law wanted to prevent my sister and you from worries, so he didn’t let me tell you. After that, the remaining secret recipes were burned by my brother-in-law. He said that the secret recipes should be kept in his own head. As for whether there is any backup, I am not sure."
	Karen Jin died suddenly, so it was normal that the secret recipes were not left behind. It's just that he was usually in good health, and he even seldom caught a cold. The fact that Karen suddenly died in prison was very suspicious, and government officials covered it up. Jenny didn't even have a chance to meet his father before his death, only his ashes.
Chapter 178 Deliberately or Accidentally?
	"What do you mean?" Jenny raised her head abruptly.
	Impossible! Teddie had a very good relationship with her father Karen. Back then, when many people framed Karen Jin, only Teddie and a few of person defended for Karen, and they were finally excluded by those people.
	"It's not my guess, taste this..." Allen sighed, lifted a bag by his feet, took out a log box, and opened the box. There was a bottle of red wine in it.
	Jenny asked for a corkscrew with the proprietress. After opening the red wine, the red liquid was poured into the glass. Jenny took a sip and looked slightly stagnant.
	"Does it feel familiar?" Allen frowned and asked.
	Jenny just couldn’t believe it, so she tasted a few more sips, "I dare not say that the taste is exactly the same, but it is really similar to the wine my dad made. The brewing method may be different and there will be deviations, but the taste is the same."
	"The Jin’s wine has secret ingredients. If it weren’t for the exact formula, who could believe that Teddie made it by himself? So I can conclude that the person who sneaked into the Jin’s house and stole the secret recipe was Teddie."
	"Why did he only steal one? Didn't my dad put all the secret recipes together?"
	Allen couldn't answer. This was indeed very strange. Thirty-seven secret recipes are put together. If Teddie Palmer saw them all, why would he only take one of them?
	"He may be in a hurry, or he may not want to attract attention. In short, no matter what his intentions are, it can be concluded that Teddie did it. Now he is the most critical person for us to contact Middle Up Group."
	"Can you find him?"
	"I will try. There is always someone who can find it." Allen lowered his head and looked at the wine glass, a trace of sadness flashed in his eyes.
	Had it not been for his fault three years ago, the batch of wine sent to Beijing would have been fine.
	He was sure that the batch of wine had been replaced.
	Jenny was silent for a while, took out a bank card and sent it to Allen, "I saved some money in it..."
	"I have money…"
	Allen subconsciously refused her, how could he accept money from his niece?
	"Just take it. This is the money I give you on behalf of my parents. I can't use so much money myself. You just came out from prison, you are definitely not rich. I warn you, if you go to the wharf again to make money, I will cut off relations with you."
	Allen was stunned, but finally failed to convince Jenny.
	"Don't be unsatisfied; it is not easy for ordinary people to get money from me."
	Jenny glanced at her watch and quickly got up, "It's late, so I'll leave first. Otherwise, the old lady will find me missing when she goes back, then she will keep calling me."
	"I will send you back."
	"No, thank you. I could just call a taxi. This is not far from Flower House, but you should be careful on your way back. Call me if you have any problems."
	On her way back, Jenny was thinking over and over again about the relationship between Teddie Palmer of Light Winery and his father. Teddie Palmer was about the same age as his father. They two were university classmates and had a good relationship and they even often researched new products together. How could such a thing happen?
	When she got home, the old lady had not yet returned.
	"Miss Jenny, welcome home."
	"Yeah." Jenny replied, "Grandma hasn't come back yet?"
	"Grandma is probably coming back soon. Mrs. Liu is not in good spirits, so they can't talk for too long. What do you want to eat? I'll go to the kitchen to prepare."
	"No thanks," Jenny glanced at the direction of the backyard. "If grandma comes back, tell her that I am repairing flowers in the backyard."
	"Ok."
	Jenny was a little absent-minded. When she was pruning the flower branches, she accidentally trimmed a good peony flower and scared the servants into a frenzy.
	"What can I do? This is the old lady's favorite peony..."
	"Where can I buy it? If it is not too late, go and buy a new one..."
	At a loss, Jenny put down the scissors and looked at the messy flower branches in front of her.
	The old lady returned home. Upon hearing the noise coming from the backyard flower room, she smiled and walked over.
	"What are you all doing around here? Don't you think that my peony flowers are beautiful? If any of you girls dares to break my peony, I will... god? Where's my flower?"
	The crowd voluntarily stepped aside. The old lady only walked a few steps, then she saw the peony flowerpot with bare branches, her face suddenly sank.
	"What happened?"
	"Madam, we didn't do it. Miss Jenny trimmed the flower branch, and then accidentally broke it..." A servant hurriedly dismissed it.
	The old lady stood there for a while, her expression froze. When she saw Jenny's bewildered expression, she suddenly laughed, "It's just a pot of flowers. What's the fuss about Miss Jenny breaking a pot of flowers? If you scare Miss Jenny, I will fire you all."
	Just as she said, she took Jenny's hand, "Scared, right? Don't worry! It's just a pot of flowers; no matter how beautiful and expensive, it is just a pot of flowers."
	"Grandma, it was my fault, I accidentally broke it..."
	"What are you talking about? You are now a big project for the Lu family. In your belly, you have my only grandson. Compared with you and my baby grandson, let alone a pot of flowers, the flower room is nothing to say.
	Grandma took Jenny's hand and walked to the dining table, "My good friend asked me to bring it to you. The desserts she makes are superb. She doesn't usually go to the kitchen often. Taste it."
	Jenny was in a complicated mood. She took a bite of the desserts and her nose was sour. "It's delicious, you taste it too."
	The old lady treated her sincerely. Maybe it was because she was pregnant at the beginning, but she never treated Jenny bad. Usually the old lady cared about Jenny, and her phone greetings had never been less. Even though Jenny lived in her own apartment before, the old lady often sent some packed food. Even if Jenny's biological grandmother was still alive, perhaps the best she could get was like this.
	Jenny was grateful to the old lady from her heart, and because of this, she agreed to wait for the old lady to have the operation before confessing her false pregnancy.
	When Jenny accompanied the old lady to dinner, the old lady mentioned the engagement.
	"Jenny, don't blame your mother-in-law about the engagement. She cares about self-esteem most. She is probably worried that there will be too many scandals when you get married, so she wants to settle the marriage earlier and stop gossips. Your mother-in-law just cares about too many things."
	"It's okay, what she did is reasonable." Jenny took a sip of the soup and smiled.
	No one knew what Luke's mother thought, but the engagement was good for Luke, and she didn't think there was anything wrong for them.
	There were two banquets for the engagement, one in Xicheng and the other in Beijing. In this way, she would have a chance to meet Yuky in Beijing, and maybe she would also have a chance to meet Yuky’s husband. Maybe those people related to the Jin's Wine would all appear at the banquet. This was a good opportunity for her.
Chapter 179 Smile to Me
	The old lady just felt that Jenny was pretty and clever. She was very happy. After being advised to eat something by Jenny, she went to sleep. Jenny went upstairs alone while holding her waist. When she came back to her own room, she looked into the mirror and saw herself in it. Upset, she pulled the pillow out beneath her coat.
	There were still several months to the day when grandma was having an operation. Would I still be able to conceal it at that time?
	Several steps later, the door handle revolved, and the sound of someone opening the door was heard. Jenny started to panic and stuffed her coat with the pillow.
	“What are you doing here?”
	A cold voice was heard from her back. When she turned back, Luke, in a black suit, was standing at the door, and eyeing her, full of doubts.
	She got stuck there for a moment. And then she threw the pillow towards him angrily, “You scared me.”
	Luke took the pillow easily, and smiled to her, “It is not nice to treat your son like this.”
	Jenny was even angrier, and intended to hit him on his chest, “You are still laughing!”
	Her wrist was covered by coldness from Luke. She trembled due to the coldness. Then she raised her eyes and looked directly into a pair of dark eyes.
	One of his hands was behind him, thumb and forefinger holding the keyhole and revolving it lightly. The door was locked from the inside.
	“Why do you lock the door?” Jenny’s eyes fell down on the door lock.
	“It is for the sake of you. If someone happened to come in and see something, it would be embarrassing.”
	“You...” Jenny blushed, and lowered her head not to see him, “What can be seen? It is daylight...”
	“What are you thinking about?” The cold voice was from over her head, “I am talking about your belly.”
	Jenny was shocked for a while and blushed even more when she thought about what she was thinking about just now. She just wanted to get away from his hands right now.
	“I do not want to talk to you any more...”
	The other hand of his held her shoulder firmly and turned her around to face him, “How was today?”
	Jenny tried to get away from him but failed. She lowered her head and said, “Grandma went out and I stayed at home to do some mowing.”
	“Didn’t you go out to have a look? This is a good opportunity to do that.”
	The voice was cold, with something freezing in it.
	Jenny’s head was very low and she frowned a bit. She thought that he would not know what happened this afternoon, so she felt relieved and raised her head to look at him, “I just hang around here.”
	“Well, I destroyed grandma’s peony when I was pruning. I thought grandma would be angry, but she didn’t. Do you know where the peony is sold? I want to ...”
	Luke’s kiss was sudden, as if with a sense of killing to involve her completely to his chest. He held her face and sucked the air from her mouth fiercely, as if he was going to suck her totally into his body.
	Jenny thought he was kidding at the beginning and catered to him by putting her hands around his neck. But her coat was pulled down by him violently and her dress was split up. The air was full with the sound of splitting.
	A sense of coldness rose from her belly and was spreading all over her body.
	She was scared to scream and was carried on his shoulder. She patted his back while panting on his shoulder, “Put me down.”
	The next moment, her back was hit on the soft bed. Even though the bed was very soft and she would not get hurt by it, her internal organs were hit to be rolling.
	There was almost no foreplay. When Luke was getting into her body, Jenny felt much pain, which was so dry and acrid that she could not help making a sound.
	After a long time of fierce love making, Luke helped her with her hair, which was wet out of sweat. He kissed her forehead lightly and then sat on the bedside and lit a cigarette.
	All of it was too fierce. She could only make some light voice because he was pushing her to the head of the bed with his penis. It was like a emotionless mechanical movement. She was blank in her head. Were it not for her tiring body, she felt the “exercise” just now was a dream.
	She tried to support herself to turn around and get close to Luke. She asked with her husky voice, “What is the matter with you?”
	The man’ back was obviously stiffened. The lingering smoke made his body mysterious and vague, as if he was someone beyond anyone’s reach.
	Jenny breathed some smoke into her lung and started to cough violently.
	Luke’s eyes paused for a while and he stood up slowly. Then he turned on the air purifying machine and said with a heavy voice, “I have something to deal with. You just go to sleep.”
	He was going to leave, but Jenny still felt that this felling was very familiar, as if something similar had happened before when he felt unsatisfactory with her. She sat up suddenly and held his hands like some conditioned reflex, “What is the matter with you?”
	Jenny’s eyes were very clear, as if she could be seen through just by one look at her. She was not the one who could keep a secret.
	He put out the cigarette with another hand. His eyes became soothed. He touched her head and said lightly, “Nothing, it is just something in my company.”
	Looking at his back, Jenny felt very cold suddenly and she pulled the quilt over her body.
	The longer she stayed with him, the less clear she was about what he was thinking about. Sometimes, he became angry with her out of no reason, and she was completely confused. The only way to deal with it seemed to be submissive, just like today.
	But why did she feel a sense of shame, as if she was selling her virginity.
	A dim light was there in the study room. Luke opened the drawer and took out an anonymous letter. He took a photo out of the envelope. There was a man having meal with Jenny. Only the back of the man could be seen in the photo, but he looked young and was in a good shape. They were having fun.
	She was quite pretty when she smiled. But why did she rarely smile in front of him?
	The knocking of the door was heard.
	Luke stuffed the photo into the envelop, and open the folder on his desk, “Come in, please.”
	It was Jenny, who got up after changing into a pajama and was holding a cup of milk, “Staying up late is not good for your health. Go to bed early after drinking the milk.”
	Luke did not raise his head and was still looking at his folder. Only he himself knew how absent-minded he was right now.
	“OK.”
	“If you are in a bad mood, you should go to sleep early. And smiling more will make you feel much better.”
	Luke raised his head and looked towards Jenny, “How can I smile if I am in a bad mood?”
	“Smile is just a facial expression. But if you do it more often, you will feel better from deep in your heart.” Jenny told him her ways of cheering up seriously.
	“Then, smile to me.”
	Luke stared at her, his eyes unfathomable.
	At this moment, the study room was sunk into a kind of quietness, which was followed by a fall in temperature. There was wind outside the window, and heat in the room. Any voice could be irritating to the ear.
	Smile to me.
Chapter 180 Sugar-coated Bullets
	Luke was not the one who was always joking. The coldness could be felt in his words, as if there was no humane smell from this earthly world. It was not known whether his attitude stayed the same with what it was the last moment. During the first few days Jenny got to know him, she felt he did not put her into his mind. What he said was always there in her mind, which was like the reading comprehension exercises in her senior high school.
	That was really tiring. She could not get his meaning although she tried her best. There was no other result except to make her completely uncomfortable from deep in her heart.
	This was why when he said “smile to me”, Jenny just felt a little shocked and did not put it into her mind. She lowered her head and touched her hair beside her ears, and then she smiled, which made her dimples deep, as if they could be pricked through by a needle.
	A woman who had slept with a man was always exceedingly fascinating and mature in the eyes of that man, even though she was pure and innocent like a little girl when smiling.
	The unique charm in Jenny seemed to have mixed the maturity of a woman and the innocence of a girl. That enchantment was just at the point, which would be boring if one percent less, and coquettish if one percent more.
	Anyway, this smile was remembered by Luke to his heart.
	“Is my smile beautiful?”
	The soft sound rose in the study room, as melodious as the sound from an instrumental string.
	The dimness in Luke’s eyes gradually dispersed. His voice was low but heavy, “Yeah.”
	She intended to joke with him. It did not occur to her that he would respond so directly. Hearing the word “yeah”, she suddenly blushed. She turned her head around, “I am sleepy, and I am going to bed.”
	“There will be an auction in the Center Museum tomorrow afternoon. Go with me if you get nothing else to do.”
	Jenny had walked to the door, but she paused upon hearing these words, as if she was hesitating. She nodded, with her back to him, and uttered a word lightly, “OK.”
	She knew that it was impossible for her to conceal the fact that she was Mrs. Lu. But people would say she had an unusual relationship with Luke if their wedding was not held. She would rather go to attend some important activities with him right now. It was beneficial for her.
	After she went out, Luke closed the folder and an envelope was revealed. He threw it into the dustbin without a blinking.
	Sugar-coated bullets were indeed useful. Whenever it was, people would like to avoid harm and go for their benefits or interests, and people also liked the beautiful things and an amiable atmosphere. Luke was no exception.
	The next day, red carpet was laid on the ground of the Center Museum, with the best security in the Xi City. People who were careful would notice that everyone was tall and muscular, including the ones who were parking the cars for the guests and the bodyguards.
	The other day, media had reported that some jades and calligraphy and paintings were going to be auctioned today, among which the jade necklaces and rings were the most famous, because they were carved by the famous sculptures in ancient times.
	When Jenny held Luke’s hand and came there, a car of Sky Song’s was behind them. Sky was holding a hand of an old man, who wore a formal suit. They were talking and laughing, and they said hello to Luke.
	Sky Song seemed like to introduce them to each other. She just held the old man’s hand lightly.
	“Luke, this is boss Bao of Wu Liang Group.”
	“Uncle Bao, this is Luke Lu of Luke Up Group.”
	Boss Bao looked like he was in his early fifties and was in a good spirit. He reached out his right hand and smiled loudly, “I have heard a lot about you. You can get such a great achievement at such an early age. You are indeed an example for the youngsters.”
	Luke seemed to think highly of this boss Bao, which could be seen from his strength when he was shaking hands with Bao.
	“You are overpraising me.” Luke responded lightly.
	“Are you also interested in antiques?” Bao was curious, “I thought the youngsters do not like these old things.”
	“I am indeed not interested in the antiques, but there was something I want in the auction.”
	“Well. What is that? Can you tell me? It would be interesting if we had a crush on the same thing.”
	“The Jade Gilt Ring.”
	At the words, an unbelievable light appeared from Bao’s eyes, “Are you also here for the Jade Gilt Ring?”
	“So are you?” Luke was still very calm.
	Bao paused for a while, and his facial expression soothed very soon. He smiled, as if he was destined to get that ring, “Although there is a saying that goes ‘a good man will not fight for something other people like’, but the ‘Jade Gilt Ring’ is my favorite. I am afraid that I have to compete with you for it today.”
	Sky Song was there half-joking, “Who does not know that you are here for the ring to give it to your wife? Who can pay a higher price than you do?”
	A light smile could be felt in Bao’s eyes, but there was still a slice of pain that flashed in his eyes, which was seen by Jenny. She felt it a little unpleasant.
	People in business were very good at disguising. Was it not for her pondering over acting for so many years, she would not have noticed the subtle change in Bao’s facial expression.
	A line of people were chatting while they were walking towards the auction spot.
	“How come Luke has a crush on this ring? It is not the most expensive item in the auction today.”
	This was the question Jenny also wanted to ask.
	Luke said lightly,
	“The ring is suitable for my future wife.”
	At this, Jenny was a little shocked and raised her head suddenly to look at Luke. She had not heard about it before she came here.
	Bao’s chipper sound rose, “I have heard that you are getting married very early, but it is still not known who will be your bride. It seems like your wife will be this Miss. Jin?”
	Luke did not say anything. He just held Jenny’s shoulders, pulled her towards him and walked towards the booth.
	“Boss Bao, here is our booth. We need to go.”
	Bao took a look at Jenny, with much meaning in it. There was all praise in his eyes.
	“OK. Our booth is next to yours. It is just there ahead. There is still much time before the auction. If you do not have anything else to do, you can come to our booth. After all, Miss. Song and you are familiar. There is always something you can talk about.”
	Sky followed Bao. A layer of cold mist could be seen in her eyes. She did not say anything for a long time.
	Bao stroke the jade ring on his thumb gently. He shook his head while walking, “I have heard that this Luke was not into women. I am afraid that he had some special hobbies that were different from other people. But now I see that he is a match for Miss. Jin. If I do not get it wrong, that Miss. Jin is pregnant, which is double happiness. The hearsay should not be taken true...”
	When he said “pregnant”, Sky Song’s eyebrows were beating.
	“Do you think she looks like pregnant?”
	“Isn’t she? Her coat is kind of loose, but it can be seen from her walking style. She was always holding her waist when walking, which is similar to my wife when she was pregnant many years ago. She might not want to tell the public her pregnancy very early. After all, she is an actress.”
Chapter181 Low Behavior
	The specification of this auction in Center Building was very high. The celebrities who came there were served with a box each, in which the electronic screen could show the items in an all-round way.
	In the box, the waiter would get tea and refreshments for them.
	Sitting on the sofa, Jenny looked at Luke and found that he was not really uninterested with the items as he told her at the door because he was looking at the models attentively.
	A while after the waiter came out, Jenny couldn’t sit quietly and moved around with models in the 5D screen. She murmured,
	“The ancient people made such realistic handicrafts. It seems strange to use jade to carve a Chinese cabbage, rather than something else, like hamburgers, fried chicken, beers or roast duck...”
	“Do you like these food?” Luke cast a glance at her.
	“No...” She waved her hand, but her stomach rumbled unexpectedly. She looked at Luke awkwardly. “Maybe I just drank too much water.”
	She was forced to drink a large bowl of miscarriage prevention soup by grandmother before she went out at noon. Although it didn’t taste bad, she felt as if she had drunk a lot of pure water and was uncomfortable after drinking it.
	Luke pressed the button to call in the waiter. “Serve us some food.”
	“We have various kinds of western food, like French cuisine, and Japanese cuisine. Which would you like to eat, boss Lu?
	Luke had a look at Jenny and said, “Ask her.”
	The waiter looked at Jenny waiting for her instruction.
	With a hesitation for a while, Jenny asked, “Do you have fried chicken?”
	Since she had just had lunch, she had no interest in western food at all.
	“I’m sorry, er...” The waiter was in a pickle.
	Nobody else had ever ordered fried chicken here, which was not served by the kitchen. Center Building was an antique club in Xicheng, where not too much oil and smoke existed for the preservation of antiques. Therefore, people often ate lighter western food.
	“No?” Jenny was a little disappointed, “Then forget it...”
	The waiter breathed a sigh of relief.
	“We could serve you with some desserts, like...”
	Before the waiter finished his words, Luke had a glance at him.
	“Haven’t you heard the words of my wife? No need, except fried chicken.”
	“But, Mr. Lu...”
	“Ask your manager to come here.”
	Hearing the words, the face of the waiter changed pale all at once.
	Jenny waved her hand hurriedly. “Never mind. I’m not very hungry.”
	Only did she know that Luke was about to give instruction to the manager directly since such a waiter didn’t have the right to serve with anything more, while the waiter thought that the customer wanted to make a complaint.
	“Really? But I want to eat it.” Luke saw her.
	Ten minutes later, the manager of Center Building hurried to be here. Without nonsense, he sent a waiter to buy fried chicken outside and asked what else more did Jenny need.
	Before the waiter went back to the box with fried chicken, hamburgers and hot and sour rice noodles, he had run into Sky, who was going to the toilet from the next-door box. Suddenly, the soup of hot and sour rice noodles spilled out of the take-out box and spattered on the expensive formal dress of Sky.
	The waiter was frightened and apologized hurriedly. He couldn’t afford the dress even with his one-month wage.
	Sky exclaimed and took a step back at once. She gathered up her dress’s hemline with a frown and looked bad as she lowered her head. However, at the moment when she lifted her eyes, she just frowned slightly.
	“It’s OK. I shall change one.”
	“You...” the waiter looked at Sky unbelievably, “You don’t need my compensation?”
	“Nothing. It will be clean after being washed. What’s that?” The pungent smell had drawn her attention just now, so she looked at the stuff in the waiter’s hand with a frown.
	“What are you holding in your hand? What an unpleasant smell!”
	The waiter answered with a woeful look, “Mrs. Lu and Mr. Lu want to eat hamburgers and fried chicken, ah, hot and sour rice noodles as well. Thus I bought these outside just now.”
	“Really?” Sky couldn’t believe what she had just heard. “You said Mr. Lu wanted to eat these?”
	“I shall bring these to them first, since they are waiting. Miss Song, I would bring you to get changed after I send these to them. Wait for a moment, please.”
	Seeing the waiter hurried to the box, Sky frowned tightly.
	“Mr. Lu wanted to eat these? Nonsense! It must be the bitch! Doesn’t she feel ashamed to eat such rubbishes in this noble place? Wasn’t she afraid to lose Luke’s face?”
	At this thought, her face became livid and her legs were trembling in the pair of high-heeled shoes.
	After a while, as the waiter went out hastily, he felt worried seeing Sky’s livid face and called her with great care, “Miss Song, shall we go to change your dress?”
	Distracted for a second, she showed her signature smile and answered softly, as if she wasn’t the person whose face was livid.
	“Fine. Thank you.”
	The first item in the auction was a Tang tri-color glazed horse, whose price was very high. Luke only saw the exhibition stand with appreciative attitude. He wasn’t going to buy it because he was not interested in and so was Jenny, who was satisfied with hot and sour rice noodles and didn’t show any interest to the auction.
	She had rightly finished eating when the gold-plated green jade ring came into her eyes. As the model on the exhibition stand ran to all angles slowly, a jade ring with gold sheen appeared, which foiled a splendid atmosphere.
	It was really beautiful, no wonder boss Bao would buy it for his wife just now.
	“Gold-plated green jade ring was made by Moss Gu, a jade carving master in Song dynasty. It was made by high-quality Lantian jade and twined by golden yamamal silk, which means forever love without separation. However, when Mr. Gu finished his product, his wife had died in war. Then the ring also disappeared in war and it was said that Mr. Gu had given the ring to his daughter to keep. After generations of transaction, it appears in our auction. Its starting price is two hundred thousand yuan and the adding price should be no less than fifty thousand yuan.”
	With resonant voice and perfect articulate, the host drew people’s attention by fascinating love stories.
	Compared to the items before, the starting price of two hundred thousand yuan was only a drop in the bucket. However, many people came here just for the ring.
	According to the electronic screen, a dozen people had bid, with five hundred thousand yuan as the highest price. The lower ones died away, except the five hundred thousand yuan flickering on the screen. Luke cast a glance at Jenny and said tonelessly, “Bid.”
Chapter182 Bid for the Ring
	The buttons for bid located near the sofa where Jenny was sitting, a row of ten blue buttons with number one to ten and a row of ten green ones. She pushed the blue button with number one randomly and five hundred and fifty thousand yuan, the bid price of their box were shown on the electronic screen.
	“Number one for adding fifty thousand yuan, number two for adding one hundred thousand yuan and number three for adding one hundred and fifty thousand yuan, right?” Jenny looked up and asked.
	Luke nodded, “Yes.”
	“What about the row of green buttons?” Jenny was a little curious.
	“They represent the multiple of the present price you are going to bid.”
	“What?” Jenny drew back her hand with a rush.
	“Is this really an auction? It is more dreadful than gambling.”
	For a while after Luke, no one bid for the ring. When the number five hundred and fifty thousand were flickering on the electronic screen and the countdown at the bottom right had been number two, a big number lighted up on the screen.
	“One million and one hundred thousand yuan.”
	It was from the next-door box.
	Jenny had a look at the green buttons spontaneously and swallowed, “The person must have high aspirations on the ring!”
	After such a high price, no one bid anymore. Since such a small ring couldn’t be more useful except being collected in a box, it seemed a little modest for most vulgar people here.
	“Bid,” Luke still said tonelessly.
	He didn’t told Jenny how much did he want to add, so she still pushed the blue button with number one and the highest price became one million one hundred and fifty thousand yuan.
	However, the number one million and five hundred thousand soon appeared on the screen. It was still from the next-door box.
	“Bid.”
	“One million five hundred and fifty thousand yuan.”
	“Two million yuan.”
	“Bid.”
	In the box, except the voice of the host from the loudspeaker, only left the toneless word “bid” from Luke. Jenny couldn’t see how persistent was Luke for the ring from his face. She just added fifty thousand yuan unhurriedly each time and he didn’t react to it. It seemed that he was bidding against the next-door people rather than for the ring.
	“Five million yuan.”
	“Bid.”
	“Really?” exclaimed Jenny. A ring with the starting price of two hundred thousand yuan now had increased over twenty times of its price. She was ignorant of antiques, but the high price was really ridiculous.”
	“Bid.” Luke turned his head and cast a glance at her with a relaxed look. “What do you want to eat after the auction?”
	At the moment, Jenny was distracted and pushed wrongly to the green button.
	“Ten million yuan from box 802.”
	As the voice of the host’s clear words came from the loudspeaker, Jenny was stiff and stared at her hand with open mouth and blank brain.
	It seemed that Luke felt nothing about it since he had no response. Withdrawing the gaze from Jenny, he turned his head to the electronic screen.
	“Ten million for the first time. Ten million for the second time. Ten million for the third time. That’s the deal.”
	The final price of this gold-plated green jade ring is ten million yuan.
	At first, Jenny thought that she had done a wrong thing. However, while they were waiting for the transaction, Luke was very cozy and said with a joking tone, “If you had added fifty thousand yuan again, I’m afraid that the final price would have exceeded ten million yuan.”
	Jenny was slightly stunned. “Why?”
	“You regard fifty thousand yuan as a low price and so does your opponent. Therefore, he wouldn’t feel too much for adding fifty thousand yuan. Many a little makes a mickle. It is possible to be ten million yuan by adding fifty thousand yuan each time. He wouldn’t have the same sense of gaping directly from five million yuan to ten million yuan if he just adds fifty thousand yuan each time. Adding more fifty thousand yuan wouldn’t do much harm. That is the mental activity of a human.”
	The voice of Luke was not very loud but powerful and Jenny understood his words right away.
	Hesitating for a while, she asked, “Why didn’t you told me earlier?”
	Maybe they could make the deal at the price of five million yuan.
	“There’s no need. The higher price the ring is, he would value it more. Today’s auction is not only an auction.”
	Luke said these carelessly. When the host brought the ring to them followed by security officers, Luke wore the ring directly to the finger of Jenny. It fit well as if it were tailored to Jenny.
	Jenny felt her hand very heavy. It was like carrying a safe box. Ten million yuan? Are you kidding?
	“Well, you shouldn’t give it to me,” she said with hesitation.
	“Wear it.”
	Then Luke patted her hand to let her sit down. “Wait me for a moment. I have to deal with some business.”
	“Why not take me with you?” said pouty Jenny with an aggrieved expression, “Maybe you want to do some underhand things against me?”
	Luke looked gentle in his eyes.
	“I’m going to discuss some business things about boss Bao with Sky, so we should avoid being noticed. If you are interested, I’ll tell you when I’m back.”
	Jenny laughed. “I was joking. You go.”
	In fact, she had realized that today’s auction was more like a friend-making party. Luke treated boss Bao very differently. Whether they “encountered” at the door or they took a fancy to the same antique, these showed that Luke was very interested with boss Bao.
	Sky may be the helpful intermediary.
	Leaving the box, Luke looked for Sky to the planned place. Their boxes located at the second floor while the place they were going to meet was a lounge at the third floor.
	When he arrived, the door of the lounge was half closed. As he knocked at the door, there was no response, so he entered directly.
	Some human voice was heard from the toilet.
	“Miss Song, since it is said that most stars don’t have scars, how did you got the scar on your back? It looks obvious.”
	“Well, I was bit by a giant salamander when I swam in the water to save a person in an aquarium. This kind of fish can bite flesh out of a human, so the scar remains to today.
	“ Since plastic surgery is developed now, why don’t you have a try?”
	“That’s all right. If I cover my back with clothes, nobody shall notice the scar. I don’t want to suffer the pain of plastic surgery.”
	“Miss Song, you are so kind! Who on earth were worthy of your save in the aquarium?”
	“It was my brother, who was not able to swim. I couldn’t think much at that time, so I just tried to save him when he fell down to the water.”
	As they kept talking in the toilet, Luke was standing there without a slight move, shocked.
	Then as the door of the toilet was opened, Sky came out clearing up the clothes with her head down. Then when she looked up and saw Luke, she was frightened. “Luke, when...when did you arrived?”
	“Did the aquarium name Polaris Aquarium?”
	The voice of Luke reverberated in the whole lounge. His face was stiff with unbelievable expression, which rarely appeared.
Chapter183 Substitute One Thing for Another
	“You... you heard it all?"
	Sky was astonished.
	Luke frowned and then gradually calmed down, "You saved me back then?"
	Sky glanced at the waiter at the side, the waiter understood and left the room. Now only Luke and Sky were inside the lounge.
	"I have no intention to tell you, if Frankie hadn't seen the scar on my back just now, I probably wouldn't mentioned it, it's been years."
	"Why didn’t you say it back then?"
	"After you fell into the water that day, you were brought back to Flower House by the maid, and then your father came back, you had a fever for a week, I was afraid that your father would blame you, so I did not say anything except that you were accidentally drenched by the rain, and that time my grandfather just died, I returned to France in a hurry, after a period of time I did not contact you, and then, things have passed so long that I feel there is no need to mention it."
	Sky poured tea and handed it to Luke, "Anyway, these years you have no other women around except me, the result is the same whether to mention it or not."
	Luke was slightly stunned, he took the tea cup from Sky's hand, and there were mixed feelings in his heart.
	He had been looking for the little girl who saved him back then, but except for a Polaris Oceanarium, which he renovated and expanded countless times, and a pool of biting giant salamanders, there were no clues, the little girl who saved him back then seemed to have disappeared, and could never be found.
	Now suddenly found that the person who saved himself was around him all the time, this feeling, it was a little unbelievable, but Sky could tell all the details and she was no doubt the person who saved him.
	Perhaps the person who saved him was around him and accompanied him all these years.
	His face gradually eased down, looking at Sky gently.
	"Let's talk about something else, Luke, about Dillon, what's your plan? I see that Dillon really mind the fact that he didn't get the ring."
	Sky's words reminded Luke of his main business today.
	"How about we give the ring to Dillon?
	"No," Luke rejected the proposal at once, "at least not now, not yet."
	"Then what should I do?"
	A light flashed in Luke's eyes, he took a sip of tea, wiped the corner of his mouth slowly said, "There is no need to do anything, Dillon will come to us first."
	"Okay, then I'll go back to Dillon’s side."
	Sky got up and smoothed the folds on her skirt, walking towards the door with elegant steps.
	Thinking about what happened before, Luke frowned and looked at the figure for a long time and got up when she walked to the door and said, "Sky, if you need help, you can turn to me."
	"What can’t I handle?" Sky turned her head and smiled, "It's just that it's better not to talk to Jenny about the past, I'm afraid she'll misunderstand."
	Mentioning Jenny, a hint of elusive affection flashed in Luke's eyes.
	“Okay."
	As he walked away from the box, Jenny held his arm and they met Dillon next door, who had just come out with Sky, looking unhappy.
	Seeing Luke, Dillon forced a smile, "You are young and energetic, this ring is worth far less than 10 million, I didn't expect it to be auctioned by you, you have guts."
	"The value of the ring is not in how much it is worth, but in whether my wife likes it or not."
	Luke's look was calm, but his tone clearly expressed the importance he attached to Jenny.
	This was something that had never happened before in public. A warm current crossed her heart and Jenny lowered her head and smiled a little shyly.
	Dillon’s look shifted from Luke to the hand on his arm. The slender white fingers complemented the emerald gilt ring as if they were born to wear the ring.
	This reminded him of his wife, if she were here, it would look better on her.
	Dillon was embarrassed, and he suddenly turned back after two steps, "Do you like to drink tea?"
	Luke raised his eyes and looked at Dillon, "It depends on what kind of tea it is."
	"The tea at my place is all of the best quality, if you are free, come to my teahouse and enjoy the tea."
	Jenny noticed that Sky, who was following Dillon, had a smile on her face, as if the plan was successful, and exchanged a look with Luke when she was leaving, which made her uncomfortable.
	In the car, not long after leaving the center building, Luke's cell phone rang, Jenny casually glanced at it and saw a familiar number.
	Even though there was no note of the name, she still recognized it was Sky's number.
	"Well, I know, thank you for today."
	"..."
	"I'll treat you to dinner another day."
	"..."
	"Okay, I'll have someone in Flower House prepare it."
	Jenny's heart sank when she heard the words ‘Flower House’.
	After Luke hung up the phone, she sized up Luke's face and hesitantly asked, "Is she going to Flower House?"
	"Yes," Luke looked down and called the housekeeper of Flower House, answering Jenny carelessly.
	"Josh, tell the kitchen to add more dishes in the evening, Sky is going over for dinner."
	After a few words of explanation, he hung up the phone and leaned back in his chair and closed his eyes.
	Seeing that he looked preoccupied, Jenny didn’t say what she wanted to say.
	It's just a meal, why are you so preoccupied?
	She vaguely felt that from the time they left today, there seemed to be something different about Luke's attitude towards Sky, exactly what it was, she didn’t know.
	When she returned to Flower House, she called Victoria and told her what she thought.
	Victoria was straight, knowing Luke had a sister who was his childhood friend, she said angrily on the other end of the phone, "Sister? Men have Sister Complex, you have to be careful. Luke invited her to the house for dinner, this is very blatant, you have to show your status as hostess."
	"It's just a meal. She helped Luke this afternoon. It was about business, she introduced a big client."
	"It's very bad," Victoria exclaimed, "now it's even worse. She not only is Luke’s childhood friend, but also can help him in his career, you don't have much chance of winning! You should act quickly!"
	"Act? It's not as exaggerated as you say!"
	"If you don’t believe, observe the dinner tonight. Women’s intuitions are the most accurate, you should believe in your own intuition," stopping here, Victoria seemed to suddenly remember something, rushed to say, "Well, I bought you a gift, as a congratulation to your marriage, although you don’t hold a wedding yet, I think it's useful to take and use it first ."
	"What is it?"
	"It's meaningless to say it, you will know when you receive it." Victoria's voice was mysterious, even with a hint of eroticism.
Chapter184 Turn from A Guest to A Hostess?
	When Jenny went downstairs with comfortable light pink nightclothes, she saw Luke just picked up Sky into the door. In the doorway, she took off her jacket, do not know whether it was intentional or not, she casually handed it to Luke, and her tone also made Jenny very uncomfortable.
	"Luke, the heating inside the house is a bit hot, help me take my jacket first, I change my slippers."
	Luke did not say anything, directly took her coat and then handed it to the maid by his side.
	This action comforted Jenny a lot.
	It seemed there was no that kind of intimacy which Victoria mentioned.
	Maybe she just worried too much.
	During the dinner, Luke’s grandma always put dished into Jenny’s bowl, and then she looked at Sky and smiled,“I heard what Josh said, today you helped Luke a lot, help yourself to it. You are familiar with here, there is no need for me to serve you the dishes. I specially told the kitchen to make some dishes to your taste.”
	Sky smiled, "Grandma, you are too polite, I have known Luke since childhood, and I am not an stranger, it’s just a small thing to help Luke. I just miss the food here, and I usually can’t eat it, so I ask him for a meal."
	"You are a big star and how can’t you have food like this? I heard what Josh said, the golden song and the award, you seem to be the first place! You are a big star, and many people know you, right?"
	Grandmother squinted her eyes and looked at Sky with a smile, she paid a lot of attention to the entertainment industry lately, and from time to time, she would say some hot topics that even Jenny was startled.
	"It was nothing, actually Jenny is better. I heard that she won the Golden Bear Award at the age of 17, much earlier than me, and is now a popular actress. She also took the Comforters advertising before, and that ad was extremely wonderful."
	Mentioning this, Josh coughed at the side, interrupting Sky's words.
	The ad of Comforters had never been shown in Flower House, and Luke’s grandmother had never seen it. Although she liked Jenny and did not oppose her work, it was not good for the traditional old people to see a naked picture like that.
	In the Comforters’ commercial, Jenny's entire back was exposed, so if Luke’s grandmother saw it, she would be unhappy.
	Luke also looked at Sky, she immediately understood and changed the subject, "Grandma, the dish tastes good, can I pack a little to take away after dinner?"
	"Of course you can, I'll let maids prepare one for you later."
	"Luke, taste it." Sky said and she picked up a piece of dessert and was about to put it inside Luke's bowl.
	"He doesn't like it, it's too sweet." Jenny didn't even think about it and blurted it out.
	In fact, she did not mean anything else, except for a little bit of jealousy. Besides Luke really didn’t like to eat sweet things.
	This dessert, she had never seen him eat it.
	Luke’s grandmother also froze, not knowing whether it was because Jenny's attitude to stop it was too direct and forceful, or because Sky's action to give Luke a dish was too ambiguous, in short, the original happy atmosphere became a bit delicate.
	Sky used chopsticks to pick up the dessert, her gesture stiffened for a moment, and then she gave Jenny a glance, raised the corners of her mouth and smiled, "Luke, have a try, do not let me lose face, try it."
	With that, she turned her chopsticks around and brought them directly to Luke's mouth.
	Jenny didn't bother to look at it, Luke didn't like this kind of action, there was no need to think about it, he must will refuse it with a black look and had his own food.
	But Luke’s grandmother's grip on Jenny's hand suddenly tightened slightly, and she subconsciously raised her head.
	She saw Luke opened his mouth slightly and ate the piece of dessert with Sky's chopsticks.
	If she hadn't seen it with her own eyes, she would never believe it.
	She felt she was like being struck by lightning.
	Sky laughed aloud, "Ha, ha, see, I know Luke will never let me lose face,"
	"It's too sweet..." Luke frowned and swallowed it grudgingly, then picked up the cup in his hand and drank water.
	He indeed didn’t like desserts.
	But why Luke, who never catered to other people, cared about Sky so much? Jenny's face was a little stiff.
	"Wait, there are crumbs on the collar, don't move." Sky put down her chopsticks, drew a tissue, her slender fingers reached to Luke's chest and cleaned off the dessert crumbs on his collar, which was very ambiguous.
	Luke’s grandmother coughed, she looked at Luke and said unhappily, "Well, you are an adult, don't know how to pay attention to the image while eating? How improper you are!"
	Sky smiled and withdrew her hand, "Grandma, it's my fault, I gave the dessert to Luke."
	Luke did not react, dusted his collar and took another sip of water.
	Luke’s grandmother couldn't bear to see these two people being so ambiguous in front of Jenny, she was afraid that Jenny would think too much, patting her hand secretly under the table, smiling, "Jenny is good-tempered, if someone else's wife saw this, regardless of what kind of sister she is, should have expressed her anger, right? "
	Sky's expression changed and said embarrassingly, "Yes, Jenny's temper is really good."
	The atmosphere was not good, and Jenny was not able to eat more.
	Luke’s grandmother casually asked Sky about her recent situation, which also intended to ease the atmosphere.
	"Grandma, my apartment has been remodeled in the past two days, and it's impossible to live in the messy house. I know you care about me, can I move in Flower House for a few days?”
	Luke’s grandmother was slightly stunned, rolled her eyes and looked at her grandson, coughing, "My rooms here are not cleaned, and there is no ventilation. It’s a trouble to clean the rooms. How about you find a hotel, and I’ll pay for that?"
	"Well." Sky look disappointed, turned her head to look at Luke, "What about Luke's apartment? Can I stay there for two days? I'm a little scared to stay in the hotel alone, and it's not very safe."
	Jenny and Luke’s grandmother looked at Luke in unison.
	Luke didn’t change his expression, "Tomorrow, I’ll let Chen to go over and help you move your things."
	When she heard these words, Jenny's heart sank, and was extremely uncomfortable.
	Luke’s grandmother hurriedly said, "It’s not proper for you two to live together, and this is not good for Sky's reputation if word gets out."
	"It's okay, I am not afraid of the rumor, I believe in Luke’s character."
	"Well, this is not a question of character..." Luke’s grandmother glanced out of the corner of her eye to see her granddaughter-in-law. Jenny lowered her head and said nothing, she was depressed to the extreme but had no reaction. Luke’s grandmother was very worried and hurriedly said, "You’d better live here with me, there was no maid in Luke’s apartment to take care of you. What do you think?"
Chapter185 Live Together
	“Sorry to bother you, grandma. Jenny is pregnant and you still have to take care of her,” Sky said with a worried expression, “ Maybe I can live in Luke’s apartment. I can take care of myself.”
	“No bother at all,” Diana said. Then she looked at Luke and asked significantly, “Luke, what do you think?” There was a little bit of a threat in her words.
	Luke looked at Sky expressionless and said coolly, “There are many servants here. You can also accompany Jenny.”
	Sky’s face darkened slightly, but she still showed a smile, a little unwilling, “Will Jenny be unwilling? After all, I will definitely disturb her if I live here. We need to take care of the mood of a pregnant woman.”
	When they were speaking, Jenny lowered her head and said nothing. Originally, she had no opinion on Sky living in the Flower House. After all, this house was big, wherever she lived, as long as she wouldn’t live with Luke in the same room. But Sky came to ask her opinion.
	Jenny raised her head and found that everyone at the table looking at her.
	“I certainly don’t mind. If someone accompanies me, it can be a little lively.”
	After hearing this sentence, Sky’s eyes flashed a slight contempt.
	Jenny had no background. In this family, she really had no right to speak. Even if she had, she just echoed other people’s words. Thinking about it this way, she thought that Luke didn’t care much about her. Perhaps he just looked for novelty and regarded Jenny as a fresh toy.
	It would be nice as long as...he did not know that it was Jenny who saved him.
	Discovering Sky’s contempt, Jenny frowned, and suddenly changed her idea. She slightly raised her chin and said coldly, “Lina, please clean up the guest bedroom on the first floor for Miss. Sky to live in.”
	The first floor?
	Sky’s expression changed, “There are many rooms on the second floor. I can still live on the second floor. The one I lived in last time is fine.”
	The last time she was living in the guestroom farthest from the master bedroom. It was almost the same as the master bedroom. Everything needed was ready no matter the size or the decoration. The only drawback was that the room was too good. Jenny disliked Sky’s current air of defiance, so she wanted Sky to live on the first floor, a little farther.
	“Sorry, Miss Sky, the equipment on the second floor is in need of repair in the early spring. We will ask someone to check it these two days. Except for the master bedroom, there is no bedroom to live in.”
	Jenny glanced at Sky and said tonelessly.
	“Lina, you last said the circuit of the guest bedroom was in need of repair, right? And the air-conditioning facilities also need to be maintained?”
	The servant standing beside her went blank and then nodded her head fleetly, “Yes, it’s time for electrical maintenance.”
	Sky’s eyes met Jenny’s. She couldn’t do anything since Diana was present. She knew that it was clearly an excuse. When she wanted to live in, she was told that it was time for maintenance.
	“How about you and Luke? Are you coming to live on the first floor either?”
	Jenny was stunned and speechless for a moment.
	She thought that she had dug a pit for herself.
	“No, she will come back to the apartment with me these two days.”
	A cold voice sounded from the side of Sky. Luke used his bony fingertips to sandwich the tablecloth and then slowly wiped the corner of his mouth.
	His movement, no matter wiping his mouth or putting down the tablecloth, made him look like a nobleman of the last century.
	“The apartment is close to the hospital, which is convenient for pregnancy tests.”
	Only those people who thought Jenny was pregnant would believe this kind of nonsense.
	Sky was stunned for a moment. Her face was a little stiff and she looked up at Lu Luke in a moment of reluctance, with a somewhat coquettish tone in her words, “Luke, no one takes care of Jenny in the apartment. I can go there with you so that I can help you take care of her.”
	Before Luke could speak, Diana who had been watching the scene of bustle interrupted, “No, I will ask Lina to take care of Jenny. Luke’s apartment is not big, so you’d better stay with me. After Jenny leaves, I will feel boring since no one accompanies me.”
	Sky still wanted to have a try for it but Luke had wiped his hands and stood up, “I’m ready, take your time.”
	The outcome was definitely settled.
	Looking at Luke’s back, Jenny felt some indescribable joy in her heart.
	Diana liked watching the young couple flirting and cursing best. Seeing this scene, she pushed her elbow and said with an ambiguous expression, “Jenny, haven’t you finished eating? what are you doing here? Go to the kitchen and ask the maids to prepare some fruits and deliver them to Luke’s study.”
	Jenny stared blankly for a few seconds, then reacted, got up and left the table, “Okay, take your time, grandma.”
	“Walk slowly and be careful of the baby,” Diana shouted to Jenny’s back.
	Hearing that, Jenny’s back was a little stiff.
	In Sky’s eyes, this action had a different meaning.
	“Sky, you shall have more and don’t care about them. They show affection at home all day long. I’m too old to bear such a scene. It's better to move away.”
	Diana said with a huge smile, which clearly meant that she liked them showing affection.
	Jenny lowered her head and smiled reluctantly. Thinking of Jenny’s walking posture a moment ago, she raised her head slowly and looked at Diana, “Grandma, do you think it’s better for Jenny to have a boy or a girl?”
	Diana liked talking about the unborn baby with the other best. The moment she heard Sky talking about it, she was immediately delighted, “It would be better if the first child is a boy and the second one is a girl. Then the brother can take care of the sister. If the first child is a girl, she will be tired to be a sister. I don’t want her to get tired.”
	Sky lowered her head to avoid eye contact with Diana and unnaturally stroked the broken hair beside her ear, “Do you value this child?”
	“Sure! After Kian is gone, Luke is the only child in this family. He had a grumpy character since he was a child, which seemed that he had never been interested in girls. I was still worried about it before Jenny came here. He stayed with George Qiao all day long before, which made me think that he liked men!”
	Diana frowned and looked worried, “Although people are more enlightened now, men can not give birth to a child so Jenny is our savior.”
	Sky didn’t know whether to cry or to laugh, “You have doubted that Luke and George...You really think too much.”
	“It’s because he has never brought a woman home.”
	“Maybe he has not met the girl that he really loves. You shouldn’t force him to do these things.”
	“I don’t care whether he loves her or not.” Diana raised her head haughtily, “He should be responsible for Jenny. Jenny is pregnant and the child is the flesh and blood of our family. It’s not a joke.”
	In Sky’s opinion, the words of Diana are inseparable from the child.
	Sky watched Diana leave the table and then sat in the living room for a while. She looked at the direction of the study on the second floor with a faint sarcasm in her eyes.
	“I will not allow you to use the child as your shield.”
Chapter186 Fear
	Jenny opened the door and put the fruit plate on the tea table.
	“Grandma said it’s better to eat some fruit after dinner.”
	“Just grandma said?” Luke who was behind the desk raised his head and looked at Jenny with interest, “Your hostess’s posture just now is good. Are you jealous?”
	When it came to this, Jenny was shy and gave him an angry look, “No, it’s because the electric appliance is in need of repair. If you don’t believe me, you can ask Lina.”
	“Oh?” Luke deliberately said with a lengthened ending and slightly raised his chin to give her a look, “Since it’s not because of jealousy but electrical maintenance, we can also move to the first floor to live.”
	Jenny felt her heart tighten and gritted her teeth, “Whatever you want.”
	“I thought the bedroom that Sky lives in is good.”
	“You...” Jenny bounced off the sofa abruptly and glazed at Luke, “I don’t care even if you move into her room.”
	Jenny angrily went to the door of the study. When she reached out to pull the handle of the door, a smiling voice came from behind, “Pack the things we use frequently. Chen will pick us up later.”
	She lowered her head and smiled. Her displeasure was immediately gone, replaced by a haughty face, and then she went straight out.
	Luke liked Jenny’s joyful appearance. There were too many things to consider around. Whether it was the environment in which he grew up or the group he ran now, it seemed that he would never be able to get rid of intrigue.
	Even if he thought deeply enough and he could always think of a step that others ignored, but sometimes he still felt that such a life seemed to be meaningless. George once asked him if he felt tired since he had to consider everything around him. Was there anyone who cared about his money, his wealth, or even the power in his hands, or the power of the entire Lu family?
	To be honest, he didn’t feel tired. The rigorous training since childhood made him accustomed to overloaded thinking and work. But one night after knowing Jenny, when he stood on the top of a high-rise building and got a bird’s-eye view of the whole city, he suddenly hoped that someone would bring him a glass of milk and this person must be Jenny.
	At this time, Jenny went back to the bedroom and turned over the suitcase to pack her things. Although there was nothing lacking in the apartment, she used to carry some things personally with her.
	She held a small white medicine bottle in her palm for a while. She hesitated before putting it in her carry-on bag.
	There were not many things so an eighteen-inch silver box was enough.
	After walking around in the room, she took a look at herself. She found that she was still wearing house clothes, and hurried to the closet to get a dress and put it on.
	The sound of opening the door suddenly rang out behind her, accompanied by a familiar voice, “Jenny, I didn’t bring pajamas. Grandma said that...”
	At the same time, Jenny hurriedly picked up her jacket to block her stomach and then looked towards the door.
	Sky stood at the door of the room and stared at Jenny, “Grandma said you have pajamas here. Is it convenient for me to borrow one?”
	Jenny’s face was stiff, and her tone of voice was simple and quick as if she was anxious to drive Sky away, “There is a new one in the innermost drawer of the cloakroom on the right-hand side of the house.”
	Sky tilted her head and seemed not to see anything, walking straight away, “Thank you.”
	“You are welcome.”
	After Sky left, Jenny looked down at her flat lower abdomen with lingering fear, frowning and looking back at the obviously modified bandage pillow on the bed.
	Did Sky really not notice anything?
	After returning to the apartment, Jenny was always uneasy. She even tossed and couldn’t fall asleep at night.
	Luke was already asleep, but he was awakened by Jenny’s action of turning over. He couldn’t bear it so he simply dragged her into his arms and held his chin against her forehead, with a bewitching voice, “If you move again, I will make you move all night.”
	Hearing that, Jenny stiffened and then settled down.
	The next day, Luke went to work after having breakfast with Jenny at home. Jenny was not really pregnant, so when they left the night before, Luke deliberately found a reason to prevaricate and did not let Lina follow. He wished Jenny to have a good rest in the apartment since she had pretended to be pregnant for so long.
	Luke’s original intention was that Jenny could relax at home by herself without any scruple as if she was giving herself a vacation, but she was not free herself. When George called, she just cleaned up the pots and pans. She wiped her hands and pressed the answer button.
	The person on the other end of the phone still had a cynical attitude, as if she could see his unscrupulous smile across the screen, “I have arranged the matter you asked me to do. You have an interview this afternoon, but which role you can get depends on your own abilities.”
	The roles of the heroes and heroines had been determined. The remaining young heroes and concubines were selected through the audition. All people could participate in the audition such as superstars, students of the film and television school, or amateurs who had never engaged in making a film.
	Of course, as to what method to use behind it, it depended on their own abilities.
	Jenny believed that she could at least get a role with the help of George.
	The interview location was set in the office building of the Far East Cinema Group, and the small auditorium was specially reserved. After the interview, they returned backstage. Jenny glanced through the crack of the backstage door. There were five or six judges sitting in the audience including the director, the screenwriter, and the original author. They were discussing the interview seriously.
	The content of the interview was an impromptu performance. Everyone would perform whatever role they got in the lottery. There was no prop and the costumes were also modern ones. At this time, it was all about one's own aura and acting skills.
	Jenny opened the lot she had drawn, and there was a line on it. Concubine Liu was framed and relegated to limbo. When she was dying, she lay on the bed and said to her close maidservant, accusing the Emperor who brought her from the brothel to the palace.
	The difficulty of this line was not to perform the despair of a prostitute who was relegated to limbo after being pampered by thousands of people but to perform her uprightness and vixenish nature mingled with the despair.
	A dying person was still arrogant and sonorous.
	“Meyers, after I die, the people in the palace will definitely refuse to en-coffin me according to the concubine’s specifications. If it really happens, you don’t have to stand up for me. I don’t care about these external things. You only need to take out the red robe at the bottom of my box and put it on for me. Set fire to me and then sprinkle my cremains in the Miluo River.”
	When the line was read here, the maidservant should say, “Oh...please don’t say this. Do you need me to take a message to the Emperor?”
	Because no one ran lines with her, Jenny paused, “No, I have said everything I want to say in my life, but here, it has become something I shouldn’t say or can’t say. This place is not where I should stay. It’s okay to die like this...” Concubine Liu coughed and coughed.
Chapter187 The Role
	“Concubine Law” (played by Jenny) leaned on the wall with one of her hands on her chest and denounced firmly, tears falling down her cheeks, “Everyone says I’m dirty. For my next life, I would... i would definitely become the most famous actress in Jinling City! By then, i would never... ever... step in Zijing City till the end of my life.” When finishing her last words, “Concubine Law” suddenly glared with bulging veins in her necks as if she was clutched on her throat and her hands stretched out towards the sky just like trying to catch something, “Your Majesty... Your Majesty... you... you...”
	In the original drama, it was “Your Majesty, you should have come to see me off...”. But Jenny figured out at the backstage that this doesn’t sound like the proud Concubine Law, who would not be waiting for the man who had broken her heart at the end of her life, because she was not afraid to die for what was right. Jenny didn’t know how to modify the lines until she was on the stage, fully resonated with the character. She just winged it. For someone who was about to die, maybe she had so many things to say, but she just needed to say the name of that man. And what she hadn’t said was a kind of sorrowful yet precious pity.
	The audience erupted in applause. The author and the scriptwriter were very clear about the lines. The author spoke first. She was a young woman at her thirties. She adjusted her glasses and asked attentively, “You’ve changed the lines?”
	It was dark so Jenny was not sure of the woman’s facial expression. She hesitated for a second and replied frankly, “I didn’t want to change it in the first place. When i was playing this role, i just felt that it might be more appropriate this way.”
	The scriptwriter was a serious woman at her forties, who got control of all the lines so she didn’t like others to change the lines at all.She looked at Jenny frowning, “You felt? Have you read this book? You just changed the lines at random. I don’t think we can accept an inexperienced young lady like you.”
	“What you said makes sense. But she did make a nice modification of the lines.” the young woman retorted friendly, “and her acting was great. I have seen the movie she played, which had won the Golden Bear.”
	“So, you think she’s suitable for this role?” the director looked at the author across the scriptwriter.
	“So far, so good. She did played “Concubine Law” perfectly.”
	“Come on! Even if she did play it well just now, she will not necessarily get the role then.” The scriptwriter turned to the director with a profound look, “Director Wen, we should be more careful about this role, right?”
	Hearing this, the director felt troubled remembering the call from the investors before this audition, “All right, next one...”
	“I can try other roles if this one is not available,” Jenny said with eagerness. When she saw the scriptwriter’s propound look just now, she understood that this role might have been assigned to someone else. She didn’t want to look for the trouble.
	The director, as a man focused on art, was sick of but had to deal with these operations. He was impatient now and kind of annoyed at the role just played by Jenny so he waved his hand impatiently to Jenny who still stuck there, “There’s no more. Time’s up. Next one...”
	“Maybe she can try playing Concubine Pure. What do you think?” the author said friendly in an inquiry tone.
	The director stopped for a second, “Concubine Pure?”
	In the drama, Concubine Pure was an innocent girl who was just sent to the Palace at the age of sixteen. She was having a smooth life in the Palace thanks to her powerful family background, which helped to keep her from danger. There was a famous scene in which Concubine Pure ran into Prince Thirteen when she was chasing butterflies.
	Although it was normal and not hard for actresses to switch between roles, it was hard for Jenny to win the audience again playing an innocent and carefree lady in contrast to the role of a famous prostitute, tough and sexy, whom she just played a while ago. Jenny was worried that the image of Concubine Law she just played was so deep in the audience’s minds that her new image as the Concubine Pure might not be accepted.
	The director hesitated for a second and nodded with approval.
	With sharp eyes, the director looked at Jenny with appreciation when she just started to read the lines, haven’t finishing the audition.
	“What a playboy...” “Concubine Pure” was scared and angry. She frowned with her hands on her waist and looked at the man in front of her, who just popped up out of the woods. Just a quick note, Jenny was indeed playing in front of air.
	“She’s quite good, huh?” the author asked in a low voice.
	The director nodded, “You bet! We will take her. As for the roles, we will discuss later.”
	Jenny knew she nailed the audition from the look of the director so she walked out of the FarEast Film & Television Building with delight. She was wearing an oversize coat covering her body so that the director wouldn’t suspect that she was pregnant. It was long before the play started shooting. She might have already had her baby by then so there was really no need for her to ask for the trouble.
	Having walked out of the building, she gave Victoria a call, “I’m happy today. Let’s go have a feast. My treat.”
	“Great! I’m off duty today. I’m on my way to pick you up.”
	The delightful voice made her even happier. Victoria preferred noisy but Jenny as an actress, shouldn’t go into the crowd but she still took Jenny to the most crowded shopping mall in the city center, leaving fear behind.
	“Look at you wearing mask and hat in black. It’s so obvious you know. You actresses don’t know how to disguise.”
	Victoria put a yellow hat on Jenny’s head and then covered her neck with a plaid scarf. Finally, Jenny was turned into a nerd wearing the glasses with black spectacles. Jenny stood in front of the mirror to find herself totally clumsy and dated.
	“I’m 100% positive that no one can recognize you in this way.”
	Even Jenny couldn’t recognize herself dressing up like this, let alone others. When shopping in the mall, Jenny could totally experience the disdain those salespersons had for her. Jenny picked a dress casually and felt the quality which was not bad. Suddenly she heard an indifferent voice, “Hello, Miss, the price for this dress is 6800 yuan...”
	Jenny felt confused for a second, “OK.”
	“Would you like to check out the discounted section over there?” the salesperson said with a fake smile, pointing to the clothes beside the door, which were on sale with a discount of up to 90% off.
	A first, Jenny didn’t understand the implication of the salesperson. Hearing this, she totally got it. She just smiled politely and before she spoke, a sharp voice came to her ears, “What the hell are you talking? Don’t you dare to say it again?”
Chapter188 Justice Ignited
	Victoria had a short fuse, who was easily irritated. When in the dressing room, she overheard the conversation. She was so furious that she came out immediately with the slippers and scolded the salesperson sparing no efforts.
	“You are such a snob! Customer first! Understand? You think she can’t afford your dress just because she dresses like this? I want to talk to your manager...”
	“I didn’t mean it. I was just recommending the clothes that might be more suitable for her. Don’t be irrational, OK?” the salesperson who might be a green hand was quite young and fearless.
	“How dare you!” Victoria was more furious, “All right, don’t bother to talk to your manager. I will just record how you treat customers and post it online. Everyone loves network consensus. Don’t they?” Victoria said, taking out her phone to record the shop thoroughly. When she turned the camera at the salesperson, the salesperson buried her face in her hands and said, “I will call the police if you don’t stop now.”
	“Yeah! Sure. I will call the police if you don’t.”
	“Stop!” the salesperson tried to stop Victoria from recording while holding her arm, which resulted in the split of the delicate lace dress.
	“Splash” everyone heard the clear sound.
	Jenny didn’t know what to say and suddenly thought of the sentence quoted from lines, that people wouldn’t see the beauty until it was broken apart. A dress of 6800 yuan was nothing special to her but she was sorry for the dress when it was torn apart in front of her. Victoria looked raged seeing the broken sleeve and kicked down the clothes stand next to her. The whole row of stands fell down to the floor.
	“How dare you to fight with me! What kind of fucking salesperson you are?”
	Jenny stood there stunt. She could not speak anything but turned a blind eye to the mess. She knew she wouldn’t be able to stop Victoria based on her past living experience with Victoria for more than 3 years.
	What had been quite an expensive shop was all messed up as if it had been robbed. The director of the shop and other salespersons all came out to apologize and the young salesperson who triggered this was now speechless with scare.
	The director was a good-looking man in his late twenties. It looked like he was quite responsible. After learning what happened, he glanced at the loss of the shop and said, “Miss Victoria, this broken dress is on our salesperson and we will give you a new dress as compensation later.”
	“Now you are talking.” Victoria brushed her arms and the split got worse when she touched the thread of the broken part.
	The director looked at Victoria gently and said, “And you will be responsible for the loss of our shop.”
	Well, it seemed fair for Victoria to take care of the loss since she ignited the fight while she could have solved it in a better way.
	“All right! I will take my fair share in case someone think we can’t afford it.”
	“That’s cool! Let me see! A broken glass light decoration, the broken corner of the emerald screen, the broken glass of the accessory counter, and the cost for clearing up these clothes. Totally 82,000 yuan. We will just round it up to 80,000. Would you like to pay in cash or by card?”
	Victoria felt troubled. She glanced at Jenny and asked in a low voice, “Do you have money with you?”
	Being helpless, Jenny said, “There’s 12,000 yuan in my card. It might cover the small part. What do you think?”
	“What should we do? I have spent all my monthly allowance on bags.”
	Jenny frowned and pulled Victoria, “You just pay because they say so?”
	This director was not an easy one. He just trapped Victoria by giving her some benefits first, which Victoria fell for without notice.
	Jenny had a good temper mainly because as an actress, she had to control her temper especially in public. That was why she could be so calm while being humiliated by the salesperson. It wouldn’t do her any good if the issue escalated.
	Jenny insisted on not paying for the loss of the shop. On the one hand, they really didn’t have enough money with them. On the other hand, this director was so cunning that he trapped Victoria, which made her angry.
	“I did break those things. But if it was not for your salesperson who started it by fighting with me, i wouldn’t have broken them either.” Victoria behaved like a shrew. She glanced at the staff in the shop and said, holding her arms, “I will not pay for your loss. Instead, you will have to apologize to me.”
	Seeing this, the director called for securities. The situation which had been temporarily temporarily controlled was back to chaos again.
	“Fuck off! Don’t you dare to touch me.”
	One of the securities,not sure of the situation, came up to pull Victoria’s shoulder and was beaten badly in a second, crying, “Ouch...”
	“You will be more sorry if you dare to touch me again.”
	Victoria got hold of the security’s shoulder and laid him on the stand, which brought down more clothes to the floor and the emerald screen was now in pieces. Everyone was stunt.
	“Mr. President... Mr. President...” someone shouted and an old man in suit walked from the crowd with his walking stick. Although with gray hair, he was quite strong and healthy with a serious look. He walked in with anger, “What happened? Why the mess? What’s the brand? Who’s in charge?”
	Jenny stood on the side without saying anything because she’d better avoid crowd.
	Victoria who had nothing to fear, snapped her fingers and said, “So you are the president? I was looking for someone in charge. Maybe you can find him for me since you are the president and you have the power.”
	“Young lady, so you broke all this?” the old man looked at Victoria in rage.
	“I also broke the security’s arm!” Victoria said with one of her legs on the couch as if she was the boss, “Seriously, if you guys are gonna bully me, i can tell you i have the evidence in my phone. You might be too old to understand the power of network consensus.”
	Jenny didn’t know what to do. She could only turn a blind eye to all this. She couldn’t imagine how Victoria would be once she found out who this old man was.
	“Then tell me what made you, a young lady to ruin the shop.” the old man seemed interested. He got hold of his walking stick and then patted on the back of the couch, “Remember the chair is for sitting not for standing on it. Sit down to talk.”
Chapter189 Caused a tumult in Marriott Plaza
	"Would you handle it if I told you?"
	"So many eyes are watching, you have my word if you are right, I will let all employees of this store get out of the mall, "
	When she heard that, Jenny Jin felt that her heart was trembling. After Victoria's exaggerated modification, a sarcasm that the clerk said to her turned into that the person was giving her attitude, so Jenny wouldn't be surprised at all that if you let her repeat it again, it would be further escalated to insult and discrimination against her personality.
	“The store manager asked you for compensation? How much did they want?”
	The old man said, his face showed no emotion.
	"RMB80,000, and they said that they didn't count me the oddments of RMB2000. It's almost funny, did I look like the person who needs that RMB2000!"
	Seeing the pride on Victoria's face, Jenny Jin swallowed. Yes, yes, you do not lack the RMB2,000, but you need more.
	"As for compensation, my friend will be here to handle it." said Victoria, spreading out her hands, "but they must apologize to me and my friend."
	"Manager Matthew is here!" someone yelled at the door, and a man then emerged from the crowd with sweat standing in drops on his forehead. He was dressed in a decent suit with a manager's nameplate on his chest. When he saw the old man, he was so scared that he could barely remain standing.
	“Chairman! What... What brings you down here today?"
	"Humph, the mall would be turned upside down if I didn't come." sneered the old man and looked at the manager, "Manager Matthew, right? You are really doing a great job in the area, humph. I'd talk to your chair Mr. Ciao carefully."
	They were in an internal conversation, Victoria understood enough to walk away. She patted Jenny Jin on the shoulder, "Hey, do you think this old man would exempt us from the compensation?"
	Jenny Jin glanced at the luxurious decoration of the mall outside the store, and then turned back to Victoria, "Do you know who owns the mall?"
	"How am I supposed to know?" said Victoria, and turned down the corners of her mouth, “I just got back from abroad not too long ago, how am I supposed to be familiar with these malls in China."
	"Marriott Plaza, the largest chain of large-scale commercial plazas in China, and the biggest industry under the Ciao Group."
	“So? ”
	Victoria still had no idea, "So what, it is a big store, but it can't bully us relying on that."
	Jenny Jin sighed helplessly and directly made phone calls right in front of her, "George Ciao, I'm at the Marriott Plaza in the city center, with Victoria."
	"..."
	"The chairman is also here, Victoria smashed a store."
	"..."
	"You are nearby? Then why don't you come quickly?"
	"..."
	"Why did you call George Ciao...Shit..." Victoria came to herself for a minute, "You mean, George Ciao family owns the mall?"
	Sitting on the sofa, Jenny Jin folded her arms, glanced at the crowd, and twisted her head to cover half of her face with a scarf, drinking water slowly.
	Thinking about these, she wanted to laugh. When George Ciao comes, things must get more interesting. The prospective girlfriend caused trouble at the store in their own mall and even called her future father-in-law an old man.
	Five minutes later, George Ciao got here, perspiration dripping from his forehead. He glanced at the crowd at the door, and threw the inaction security guard an annihilating glance, "Go, go, nothing to see here."
	At the moment, Manager Matthew was standing in front of the old man with a lot of bowing and scraping, and mopped repeatedly at his brow. When he heard George Qiao's voice, fright weakened his knees that he almost hit the ground.
	For God's sake, whom on earth did the shopping guide mess with? Not only did the chairman be here, even the playful boy of the chairman family came here, too.
	Jesus, have some mercy on me! Offending people in high places inexplicably, how can I live after that?
	"Did my dad put you in a bad position? " As soon as George Qiao came in, he pushed people away and ran up to Victoria, taking her by the shoulders and carefully checking the back and forth, right and left of her body, lest she could get even a tiny little bit of damage.
	"What are you doing here?" The old man's voice sounded behind him, with a strong questioning.
	Jenny Jin looked up at them and found that George Qiao in a white casual suit got stiff from head to foot obviously.
	From the way he reacted before and after, it seemed that the playful boy also had someone who was afraid.
	The old man frowned and stared at his son, and then looked at the girl who was being guarded by him. He understood what was going on at a glance, and his face softened a little.
	George Qiao swallowed, he had to bite the bullet and said, “Dad, don't bother about that and leave it to me. I'll talk to my brother. Let's smooth things over, please?“
	"Nonsense!" said the old man, his eyes staring. His temper that had been softened suddenly sprang up again, and he shouted directly at George Qiao, "This is how you deal with things? Fortunately, this mall was not given over to your care. Otherwise, the whole mall would be smashed up."
	George Qiao's blood turned cold by the shouting, his temples throbbed. After a while, he said through clenched teeth, "Anyway, you can't do anything to Victoria. It was the people in the store who were in the wrong for this time, you got to be reasonable."
	Victoria was originally standing behind George Qiao, but when she heard this, she thought that the old man was an unreasonable man at once. She pushed George Qiao aside and said, "Hey, old man, are you going to break your words?"
	George Qiao's face turned greener than ever when he heard the word "old man".
	The old man was still wearing a poker face. He glanced at Victoria, and said in a deep voice, "Fail to keep my words made to a little girl like you? How do you think I built my large estate, stole?"
	After saying this, he turned towards Manager Matthew and glanced at him. He boomed, "I need the manager and all the clerks of this store to disappear from the mall within ten minutes. The store will be back to sublet starting tomorrow. This clothing brand will be withdrawn from the Marriott Plaza permanently in the future. Inform your head Mr. Qiao of this matter. You have one week. If let me see this brand in the mall again when I come out in the future. Both you and Mr. Qiao will pack stuff up."
	The way that the old man spoke like a bandit. For this point, Jenny Jin, a bystander, felt that he and Victoria inexplicably hit it off.
	The handsome young shop manager turned pale, he couldn't even dare to pack his stuff, and just ran away like that with terror. The people at the door also dispersed, and Manager Matthew got the order, rushed away to report to the eldest brother of George Qiao. Suddenly there were only a few people left in the shop.
	"A bold and admirable move, old man!" Victoria patted George Qiao on his shoulder, and gave the old man the thumbs up with the other hand, looking very proud.
	The old man glanced at George Qiao, and left a sentence before leaving, "Son, come home this Saturday, your mother missed you," then glanced at Victoria, continued to say, "We all hope to see you take a formal girlfriend home."
	And then only when the old man reached the door did George Qiao realize the meaning of these words. He looked at the door bemusedly, and didn't speak for a while.
	However, our Miss Victoria beside him still looked like she didn't understand anything, and suddenly she reached out her hand and gave him a beat on the head, "Uh, what’s wrong with you? Seeing your dad weaken your legs? My... Don't you usually act like you are not afraid of anything?"
	George Qiao covered his head with his hand and looked at Victoria. After a while, he finally managed to speak out, "Are you free this Saturday?"
	"What? Are you gonna buy me dinner?"
	Seeing this scene, Jenny Jin couldn't keep silent any more. She nudged her in the arm, "Idiot, he is not only inviting you to dinner, but also taking you home for dinner!"
	"Home? Whose? His shitty apartment?... No, thanks, I’m not going." Victoria still didn’t get it at all.
	"My parents' house."
	George Qiao took a deep breath, and there was even a slight shy look in his eyes.
	Jenny Jin pushed her black-rimmed glasses up her nose, tilted her head to the side and looked at the puzzled look on her closest friend, suddenly laughed out loud.
Chapter190 Appetite contest
	Luke Up Group is located in the group building in the city center. In soaring rents Xicheng, it is no doubt looking like a piece of burning flesh hanging out blatantly. It is next to the three major squares. Therefore, whether it is to have a meal at noon or sneak away for afternoon tea in the afternoon, Luke Up Group is undoubtedly the most desirable prosperous leisure attraction that white-collar workers want to go to.
	After the small tumult in the Marriott Plaza was resolved, Jenny Jin, the one who was originally supposed to pay for dinner, now inexplicably benefiting from the association with her closest friend, Geroge's heart's desire, Victoria, who was now getting around back, had a meal of crab noodles in the most luxurious noodle restaurant on the fourth floor of the mall.
	The cheapest bowl of noodles here is RMB499, which can be regarded as sky-high noodles.
	In spite of this, George Qiao still felt that the meal was not classy enough at all. If it wasn’t because Victoria said that she has been wanting to come to this noodle restaurant for a long time, he would take them to a French restaurant downstairs.
	"French food is always little amount, not enough to get full at all. Besides, what's so delicious about western food? Talking about delicious, the eight major cuisines of our Greater China are definitely the most reliable."
	Victoria looked at the menu, her eyes were shining, "I 'm going to have one Big Crab Roe Noodles with double crab roe. Jenny, what do you want?”
	Jenny Jin was just about to speak, while Victoria couldn't wait and interrupted again, "Jenny, how about you having this Supreme Crab Roe Noodles? It's different from mine, so I can also taste that one from you then."
	"Oh, wait, both noodles need double crab roe. Okay, that's it. Go get you ready." Victoria pushed the menu to the border of the table and looked up at the waiter who was ordering through a tablet.
	"Please confirm the order, sir. one Big Crab Roe Noodles and Supreme Crab Roe Noodles, both with double crab roe, right?" The waiter glanced uncertainly at the gentleman who sat opposite and talked about having French food.
	"Ladies, what about me?" George Qiao suddenly realized that they had left him out.
	Victoria raised her chin and took one look at him, "Aren't you going to eat French food? You go out, then go downstairs by the elevator on the left after checking out."
	George Qiao was taken aback slightly, then rolled up his sleeves, sighed, "My bad temper...”
	Victoria glared at him, and he sat down again frustratingly, sighed weakly, glanced at the waiter, and twitched mouth towards Victoria, "the same as her."
	Just when he finished his words, the waiter dressed up as a traditional Chinese busboy shouted in the direction of the kitchen with a very powerful voice, "Got it, sir. Two Big Crab Roe Noodles, one Supreme Crab Roe Noodles, and all with double crab roe!"
	George Qiao was totally taken aback by the sudden roar in his ears.
	What the hell? Thought George.
	"Look at the cowardly reaction of you..." jeered Victoria, casting him a dark look, "Have you never been to a lively and hopping store like this? Is this mall not yours at all?"
	"Hey, although the mall belongs to my family, it doesn’t mean that I have tried the food of each shop. ” Said George Qiao, taking out two tissues to wipe the palms of his hands that had just been scared into cold sweat.
	"You just have a heavy idol burden. What's so delicious about western food? I say you are just wanting to please the girls."
	"Don't all girls like that?"
	"Ahem..." Jenny Jin gave two fake coughs.
	"Here is the Big Crab Roe Noodles with double crab roe!" The waiter's loud voice could be heard far away from here, and a giant bowl of fragrant crab roe noodles was served on the table. Victoria rubbed her hands, her eyes lighting up, "This’s it! My Wechat moments are legit blowing up by it!"
	"Do you want to take a picture first?" asked George Qiao unconsciously.
	Hearing that, Jenny Jin cleared her throat again.
	Is he silly? He just can’t remember what I told him before that Victoria is not an ordinary girl, and she never acts in expected ways. Taking pictures before eating, that’s not her. She couldn't wait to eat, she didn’t have the time to take a picture at all, thought Jenny.
	George Qiao swallowed hard, he just felt as if everything he said was wrong.
	After a meal, Victoria touched her belly and waved her hands, "That’s too much, I don’t think I could eat another bite. I have to run a half marathon on the treadmill to burn these calories!"
	"Waiter, one more... “
	Jenny Jin and Victoria both raised their heads to look at George Qiao, "You still want one?"
	"Men's appetite is different from women’s."
	"This is really different!" Jenny Jin looked at the two giant bowls piled up in front of George Qiao, "You were already eating your third one."
	The crab roe noodles bowle used by this store is two-thirds the size of a washbasin, and with big portions. Jenny Jin was full enough after only having one-third of the meal. And Victoria, the big eater, also enfolded her tummy and said that she couldn’t eat any more after she finished the whole bowl. Only George Qiao, who didn’t like the store at first, now couldn’t stop after eating.
	That’s really against himself, totally.
	After filling their belly, the group took the elevator downstairs, all holding their respective stomachs. On the way, Victoria was clutching her stomach and hiccupping. "I'm stuffed. I do not feel well. "
	"This noodle tastes not bad, and with big portions of crab roe. Generally speaking, it’s actually cost-effective..."
	"Stop," Victoria suddenly held the elevator handrail, lowered her head looking like she felt sick, "Stop mentioning it, I'm gonna barf, I think I would not want to have crabs again for at least a year..."
	"That teaches you not to eat too much when you eat yummy things. Eat in moderation!" said Jenny Jin, then she glanced at George Qiao, "Is there any drugstore nearby?"
	Qiao Mubai understood at once, "Yes, I know where it is. I’m gonna buy some indigestion tablets, wait for me, I'll be back soon."
	Before Jenny Jin could ask him where they should stay to wait, he had already run out of sight in the blink of an eye.
	She had to help the one who was gonna vomit because of eating too much, sitting at the door of an outdoor coffee shop on the first floor, and asked for two glasses of boiled water from the store.
	"My appetite is not as good as before. What a hurting gator I am..."
	"Please,"Jenny Jin found out what the problem really is at a glance, "You are not wanting to throw up. Are you in your period?"
	Victoria suddenly froze. She lowered her head embarrassedly and did not dare to say a word.
	"Are you insane? How could you still eat crabs in your period... "Jenny Jin blamed her and pulled out her phone and called George Qiao at the same time, “Get back here. No need to buy indigestion tablets, but to buy some Midol, brown sugar, ginger and alcohol instead. Come quick and drive Victoria home.”
	George Qiao on the other side of the phone looked totally confused, "Huh?"
	"Come on, don't linger. Have you never heard about the periods?"
	Jenny Jin then hung up the phone. She measured the temperature of the boiled water with the back of her hand, and then held the cup to Vicoria’s mouth, "Open your mouth and take a sip."
	Victoria felt the pain was even more sharp after Jenny Jin said the right reason for her discomfort. Her face looked pale, with large drops of perspiration dripping steadily, yet she gritted her teeth and tried to be brave, "This actually hurts in general. I didn't expect it to visit me so soon. I thought it might start at least at night when I am sleeping."
	“You silly... This is not funny. Don’t you want to have a baby in the future?”
	"What baby? You already have one in your belly." Victoria poked Jenny Jin's fake pregnant belly and smiled an enigmatical smile.
	Jenny Jin slapped her hand away, snappishly. When she lowered her head, the light from the corner of her eye suddenly glanced at the exit of the mall not far away, "You are still in the mood to tease me, seemingly you don’t hurt enough, huh?”
	"I think I’m really fine..."
	Victoria was clutching her stomach, putting her head on the table and groaning slightly. Groaning, and suddenly she realized that the person beside her was so quiet. She tilted her head and took one glance suspiciously, and found that Jenny Jin looked into the distance in an absent mood.
Chapter191 No Man Is Good
	Following Jenny's gaze, Victoria looked back to the entrance of the mall across the road. Two familiar figures were slowly walking out from mall.
	The man in the revolving door of the Century Golden Flower had a good figure, wearing a black suit, without any decoration, which was simple and indifferent, and such indifference made the women who passed by excited and shy, glancing at him from afar but not daring to approach.
	Everyone was envious of the woman standing beside him. She had an impeccable figure and an exquisite face with large sunglasses, and some of the passers-by recognized her and whispered, "It seems to be Sky..."
	If it weren't for the bodyguards a meter away, these fanatical fans would be rushing up to ask for autographs.
	"Luke, actually I don’t want to come to the activity today, but it’s the company’s command so I have no way but to come. My nanny car was sent to overhaul, so I may have to trouble you these two days."
	"Myles deliberately treat you badly?" Luke’s voice was deep and horse, which seemed to penetrate the soul.
	"No, it’s only inevitable to do things I don’t like while working as an actor, not everyone can be like Jenny who has such good luck to meet you and is always protected bu you."
	The words were meaningful and jealousy.
	"If he makes you unhappy, you can choose to leave Brilliant Entertainment, as for the breach of the contract, Luke Up Group will solve it."
	"It's okay, the company thinks highly of me, besides I also worry about others gossiping if I go to your company."
	When walking to the door, Sky’s eyes flashed a trace of difference, she put her left hand through the armpit of Luke and took his arm.
	"Let's go eat together, I'm hungry."
	Luke frowned and looked down at the hands on his arms. Hesitation flashed in his eyes but finally he did not say anything, allowing her to walk out of the mall on his arm.
	The man was handsome and the woman was beautiful. The couple was impeccable.
	Jenny and Victoria happened to see it all in the distance.
	"Holy shit, this bitch... doesn't she know that she is holding a married man’s arm? And what is wrong with Luke, fuck..."
	Victoria got up from the chair, but soon lay down because of the burst of pain in the stomach. She still murmured, "Son of a bitch, if not I am not feeling well today, I will kick his ass..."
	"Who are you taking about?" Behind her came the voice of George, he came back with a bag of medicine, including pain-killer, ginger, brown sugar, and even a large bag of tampons. He was gasping with sweat.
	"You men are all sons of bitches."
	“What? And how do I..." George was about to retort, and then suddenly looked up to see a man getting on a car with a woman holding his arm in the distance. He became speechless as if biting his own tongue.
	"Jenny, don’t take it seriously, he’s just a son of bitch, let’s go home and break up with him, no man is a good man."
	The one who was in trouble was his good buddy, George felt that he was also gotten into trouble and sighed, "Don't think all the men are bad just because of one man, I am not a jerk."
	"Will you end your friendship with Luke?"
	"I will!"
	Although instead of Luke, George chose to help Jenny and her, Victoria was still not satisfied. She was angry and her stomach was painful, and she was also worried about Jenny's mood.
	"How about not going back today and go stay at my place?"
	Jenny looked at the direction of the business car that had disappeared and nodded gently.
	In fact, holding Luke’s arm was not a big deal, but she still felt unhappy and even didn’t want to go home.
	"What about me?" George pointed to his nose.
	"Go back to your own home..." Victoria took Jenny's arm and endured the pain in her belly to the roadside to take a taxi.
	George, of course, was not at ease with these two people going home alone. One looked like dying and the other looked like losing her soul. If they were abducted and sold to the remote places, he was afraid no one could find them.
	"I drive you home, just to help you drive your car back."
	Victoria drove here, if not for her stomach pain, she would not be thinking of taking a taxi at this moment.
	In the end, it was George who sent them both back to the apartment.
	"The key." George stood at the door of the apartment and reached his hand towards Victoria.
	"Someone is home, just knock on the door."
	Victoria gave him an angry stare and she was already without any strength at all.
	George frowned and rang the doorbell, "I haven't heard that there's a co-renter here."
	The person who opened the door was Allen, who was packing up his things at home in preparation for going to Jingzhao City.
	Allen first saw George, he was slightly stunned, and then saw Jenny holding Victoria at the side. He quickly let out a lane, "What happened? Injured?"
	Jenny waved her hand, "Just help her to lie down on the bed, her period is coming."
	Allen was about to take over when an arm came between him and Victoria, "Who are you? Why do you live here?"
	"George, this my uncle, stop it." Jenny gave him an angry stare and pushed Jenny to them, "Take her to the bedroom, I'll boil ginger brown sugar water."
	Allen raised his eyebrows and turned to follow Jenny's steps, "I'll help you."
	George glanced at his back and thought Allen was thoughtful. He was just about to reach out to help Victoria, she suddenly covered her stomach and frowned, "Don't touch me, I need to go to the bathroom..."
	Eating seafood during the period would cause serious diarrhea.
	Jenny had no time to think about what happened in the afternoon due to Victoria’s bad condition. She concentrated on her work.
	Allen helped Jenny cut slices of ginger and put them into the boiling water in the pot. He glanced at the living room with the corner of his eyes and asked, "Is that Victoria's boyfriend?"
	Jenny looked up and said, "Only a suitor."
	"Why does he keep staring at me?"
	"Normal men who know that the woman they like is living with a strange man will regard him as an enemy, especially when they find out that the strange man perfectly fits the aesthetic standards of the woman they like."
	"You mean me?"
	Allen scratched his hair, "I'm an elder."
	"Uncle, you are just my elder, Victoria doesn't treat you as an elder, by the way, how are you going with her?"
	Mentioning this, Allen changed his expression, "I plan to move out directly after I return from Jingzhao City."
	"What's wrong? Sleeping at night without locking the door?" Jenny blinked.
	"I didn’t dare not to lock the door." Allen cried, remembering the first day of living here, Victoria climbed into his bed in the middle of the night, that scene was really creepy, "Does the young man who is chasing her know she will sleepwalk?"
	"She's not sleepwalking at all, she’s teasing you!" Jenny poured the brown sugar into the pot and stirred it for a while, "Okay, since you are really not interested in my friend, then please explain clearly to George. But you don't need to rush to move out, I know Victoria herself is going to move out."
Chapter192 A Great Helper
	"Really?"
	"Yes, as long as you help him, George can chase her successfully, and at that time will he still let her live here?"
	Jenny patted Allen's shoulder, "Go sit with the guest in the living room, I'll handle it here."
	After sending Allen away, Jenny turned down the fire on the stove and glanced towards the living room from time to time.
	The phone next to the counter suddenly rang.
	It was Luke calling.
	She froze and hesitated for a few seconds and then pressed the answer button.
	"Hello?"
	"Not home?"
	As if he was at home.
	Jenny bit her lip, "How do you know I'm not at home?"
	"The phone call to home didn't go through."
	So that was it.
	"I'm at Victoria’s home, she's not feeling well, I'm not going back for the next two days, I need to take care of her."
	Perhaps because Luke was wrong first, this time Jenny lied without feeling guilty, very calm and poised.
	The other side of the phone seemed to want to say something else, Jenny suddenly felt nervous, "I have to do something else, I’ll hang up first."
	After saying this, not waiting for the other side to react, she hurriedly hung up the phone.
	Looking at the phone, she felt a little confused and her calm mood seemed to be stirred up again at this moment, she raised her hand and patted her head, turned around and poured the brown sugar and ginger tea in the bowl.
	When she took the brown sugar ginger tea to the living room, the two gentlemen were still in a frozen standoff, and Victoria, unattended, was still squatting inside the toilet.
	"I don't go out, let me die in the toilet!" The washroom erupted with Victoria's mournful shout.
	Jenny rubbed her ears, "Just come out and drink the brown sugar ginger tea, I have a solution."
	After persuading for a long time, Victoria was willing to come out, lying on the sofa and not moving, and finally the brown sugar and ginger tea was fed to her by Jenny.
	"Feeling better?" Jenny put down the bowl.
	Victoria lay on the couch and grunted, feeling on the verge of tears, "I feel like there is a meat grinder in my stomach."
	"It really hurts that much?" George sat aside and frowned, somewhat unable to imagine.
	"If I castrate you, how do you feel?" Victoria's miserable white face faced George and gave him a fierce glare at the certain place on his body, which scared him a lot.
	"Put this on your stomach." Allen came out from the bathroom and stuffed a hot water bag inside Victoria's blanket.
	"Hey hey hey, where are you touching?"
	"Hot water bag..." Allen looked at George, "Don't misunderstand."
	"Don't yell, I'm much better, George can you be quiet?"
	The situation was really messy, and Jenny felt she couldn't intervene, so she inquired, "Are you just going to lie down on the sofa, or are you going to go to your bedroom?"
	"Lie down here," Victoria said sullenly, "I can't move."
	The heating in the living room was not as effective as in the bedroom, and at this moment Jenny felt a little cold after taking off her coat, not to mention a woman with menstrual cramps, even though it was Victoria's request, she was still worried.
	"Whoever you two are, carry her to the bedroom, it's too cold here."
	"I I I I..." George was the first to step forward, "I'll hug..."
	"Well..." Jenny took a look at him, "The problem is, can you hug her due to your strength?"
	It was obvious George didn’t like to go to the gym, although there was no belly, there was also no muscle. He looked weak due to his thin arms and legs.
	Victoria was 1.7 meters in height. Although she was in small size, she weighed a lot. She just looked thin, but was actually 60 kilos in weight. General men really couldn’t hold her up.
	George stood up and moved his muscles and bones, he put his hands through the blanket to lift Victoria up hard, "Ah..."
	Not only he but also Victoria called out.
	After all, it was painful to be lifted up in mid-air and then fell down, if not for Allen on the side to help a little, maybe Victoria would fall to the ground.
	"George, you want to murder me, huh?"
	Victoria's face was pale and she was grunting on the sofa.
	In the end, it was Allen who carried her to the bedroom.
	Jenny looked at George with dissatisfaction. She was not afraid of a god-like opponent, but afraid of a pig-like teammate, and she really couldn’t help.
	After settling Victoria, Allen came out of the bedroom, as soon as he went out, he saw George standing in the doorway hovering, he suddenly felt embarrassed, "Don't get me wrong, I really just regard Victoria as a little sister, just like my niece."
	George stared at him for a long time and said in a deep voice, "Which gym do you often go to?"
	The night gradually fell, they did not notice the darkness outside after all this. Allen packed up his things and was ready to go. When he went downstairs, George wanted to send him, but he refused.
	After all, George was Luke’s friend and he shouldn’t be close to him.
	When Victoria woke up in a daze, she saw a figure busy in the living room, she sniffed and smelled the aroma of rice porridge.
	Jenny was not a good cook, but cooking rice porridge with some pickles was more than enough. In addition Allen prepared some dishes and put them in the refrigerator, which could be eaten after defrosting in the microwave.
	Victoria was like recovering from a serious illness, hugging a hot water bag and sitting cross-legged at the dining table to drink porridge, "Your uncle left?"
	"He has something to do, and he will not be in Xi City these two days."
	Victoria was a little disappointed, "Well, we are not able to eat your uncle's meals these two days?"
	"Before leaving, he left you some food in the refrigerator which was enough for a week, afraid that you would die of hunger."
	"Really?" Victoria's eyes radiated an incredibly bright light, "I knew your uncle wouldn't leave me behind."
	Thinking about what Allen said this afternoon, combined with his attitude towards Victoria, Jenny felt the need to remind her friend, "Hey, my uncle takes care of you as a junior like me, so you should not have any wrong thoughts about him, he likes mature women, you really don't have a chance."
	"Who said that, after several years I will become a mature woman, let your uncle wait for me for a while and I’ll be a brand new woman."
	"It’s too difficult, how about giving George a chance! You are just an assistant but he is willing to take care of you."
	"Come on, don't mention him to me!" Victoria's chopsticks pointed upwards at the sky, and said with indignation, "My butt still hurts, he can't even hold me up, he's weak, okay?"
	"Well, you are 60 kilos in weight after excretion, it’s impossible for normal people to hold you up."
	"Your uncle can."
	Victoria's eyes shone with light.
	"Well, I have nothing to say."
	George, it was all on your own, that was all I can do.
	Jenny lowered her head and drank the porridge, too lazy to talk more nonsense with this woman who was obsessed with man's face and muscles.
	At this time the doorbell suddenly rang, the sound was fast and urgent, as if very anxious.
Chapter193 Contraceptive
	Jenny was frozen, put down her chopsticks and went to open the door.
	She looked though the peephole, and there was a familiar figure at the door, with a countenance that chillier than the moonlight.
	She faintly hesitated, and the hand that had been reaching for the door handle withdrew again.
	“Who’s it?” Victoria’s voice came from the dining table.
	Jenny put her index finger to lips to make a silent gesture.
	“What? Salesperson?” Victoria asked with bewilderment.
	As she speaking, Jenny’s phone on the table rang loudly. Victoria glanced at it and it was a call from Luke. She was so outraged that her first reply to the phone was, "You still have the fucking face to call? Shameless scum.”
	Jenny was shocked out of her mind, and hurriedly opened the door in fear that Victoria would say further exaggerated words.
	At the door, Luke held his phone, and after seeing her open the door, he raised his eyes to look at Victoria, who was still raging over her phone at the dining table, then casually hung up the phone.
	“I wonder why did you say I’m shameless.” Luke said.
	Jenny lowered her head and gave a path to him with embarrassing expression, “Come in first.”
	She didn’t want to be laughed at by the neighbors in the floor.
	As soon as Luke entered the room, he heard Victoria’s gritted teeth voice, “There is an inexplicable odor of scum! Couldn't be from the rice?”
	“Or you could come to your room and lie down."
	Jenny sensed the anomalous atmosphere and gave Victoria a meaningful glance.
	Victoria glared at her and said, “I think you should back to your room and lie down, look at your wimpy way. Can’t it be talked about that he is do shameless? Is there a law?”
	Jenny looked at Victoria’s righteous and indignant look, suddenly recalled that when she first knew Luke, he once said, “In the City X, the words of Lu family are the laws.”
	He was always relentless to women. She was afraid of if Victoria said two more words, he would turn against Victoria.
	“Victoria...”
	"It's okay, tell me why you said I'm shameless."
	His guilt-free look made Jenny a little overwhelmed. She simply left the rough place with the excuse of pouring water in the kitchen.
	Luke drew up a chair opposite Victoria and sat down. His cold eyes crossed from Victoria and was a little creepy.
	Victoria braced herself said, “Isn’t it shameless for a married man flirted with a woman in public?”
	Luke calmly answered, “To catch adultery should be in bed.”
	“Poof…” Jenny, was drinking water in the kitchen, couldn’t help spurting out a mouthful of water.
	To what?
	“How absurd if you have sexed!” Victoria glared with round eyes. But due to the poor health and excessively pale face, she had no aura at all.
	“Hey, don’t say bullshit like Sky Song is your sister, I’m most annoyed with men saying this so that I may punch you.”
	“I don’t have a sister, previously didn’t have, in the future…I won’t have without accident. She's just the granddaughter of my grandfather's old friend, that's all.”
	The relationship had a big gap!
	Victoria felt a chaos and asked, “What’s about grandfather and old friend? Anyway, there is no blood relationship, right?”
	“I can’t ensure with you about the things of my grandpa’s generation. The only living one is my grandmother, but she treats Sky Song normally. Even if there is a blood relationship, it’s a problem because of my grandfather and there’s no proof.”
	“Damn!” Victoria dropped her chopsticks and bemoaned while hiding to bedroom, “Jenny, how did you get together with this kind of freak?”
	“Can you go home with me now?”
	Luke turned back and looked towards kitchen.
	Jenny was laughing almost out of breath. Just listened to these two people-one was seriously mad, one was bullshitting, which was more interesting than crosstalk.
	“Hey, what do think your grandma’s reaction if she knew you were teasing about them like that?"
	“Probably she’ll spit on my grandfather's grave.”
	Luke pondered for a moment, nodded again as if he agreed with his statement.
	“Is Sky Song extremely important for you?”
	Jenny asked him in a direct way. She didn't want to be so muddled to go back with him and still have something in her mind that she couldn't understand.
	Luke frowned slightly and didn’t speak for a while.
	Jenny’s smile gradually disappeared and her mouth got stiff, staring blankly for a moment, lowering her head to clean up the kitchen, “You go back first, I have to take care of Victoria for a few days, I may not return for the next some days."
	“Why?”
	Luke looked unhappy. He walked to the kitchen and asked, “Just because of Sky Song? She can't affect us at all.”
	Jenny dropped the duster in her hand when she heard of this. She propped her hands on the marble table, lifted her chin to stare at the man stating himself in front of her, and said coldly, “A woman who’s vital for you, but you couldn’t understand why she is so important, what made you think she can't affect us?"
	“I’m sure.” Luke’s voice was even colder.
	“She has affected!” Jenny frowned and unwilling to say more. “Let's calm down for a few days, I don't want to quarrel with you."
	She always felt there was something concealed from her between Luke and Sky Song, as if it was their exclusive secret. Such a relationship was weird for her and she needed to take time to assimilate it.
	She thought her words were a bit harsh when Luke had left.
	She felt she had become those irrational persons that she hated most, seizing on a small matter and arguing a point to death. But before this and even now, there were still many things she hadn’t confessed to him.
	She stood in the kitchen for a long time, then finally sighed and began wiping the table.
	“Could it be depression? Not a maternity lot, but still suffering from a maternity disease?” Jenny thought.
	Luke went out from the apartment and got into the car. “Didn’t Jenny come along?” Chen hesitantly asked because he didn’t see Jenny.
	Luke raised his eyes and looked at him, a cold light flashed in his eyes.
	Chen’s face stiffened, “The pregnant people may be more temperamental. You don’t need to worry too much about it, maybe she’ll figure it out in few days.
	Luke's face became even more gloomy.
	“Sir, should we still go to the fitness center? George has just called me…”
	Luke frowned, said lightly in a long time, “Call Lina and tell her go back to the apartment and pack up Jenny's personal belongings and bring them over.”
	“Ok.”
	In the Moonlight Center Apartments.
	Lina opened Jenny's wardrobe and took a few sets of pajamas and the usual intimate clothing into her suitcase, and also brought some maternity pills, as well as a frequently used handbag in her coatroom. Except for the handbag, everything else was packed into the suitcase and placed in the living room.
	“The items Jenny usually used are all here. Jenny always carried this handbag, so I brought it.”
	Luke nodded and reached out to tug on the suitcase.
	Chen hurriedly said, "Let me do it ..."
	In a panic, the bag on the suitcase fell to the ground, and the zipper was not pulled, dropped a mess of odds and ends, lipstick, foundation, Kleenex ...
	Chen and Lina picked up things in a hurry.
	A small white medicine bottle was rolled to Luke’s feet, and one word was clearly shown in his eyes.
	“Contraceptive.”
Chapter 194: Chpater194 Estrangement
	Luke squeezed the white pill bottle in his hand, pinching the word "contraception" fiercely in his palm. His face was extremely grim.
	Lina and Chen fumbled to pick up the things on the floor and put them back in bag.
	“Sir, all things are packed. Let’s go now. it’s very late.” Chen asked discreetly as he sized up Luke’s face.
	“No, put all back.”
	The room was turned into a big icehouse by this command, as if water was frozen, a water droplet crossed from the ice, and finally frozen when it was to slide down.
	Chen and Lina looked at each other, thrusting to each other for a while and finally Chen asked, “Well, sir, what…do you need us to…”
	“Get out!” Luke’s voice was not very loud, but it still made the two standing people froze for several seconds like their whole body was numb. Their limbs were unable to coordinated while walking out, and Lina even walked with the same hand and foot for a while unconsciously. Luke’s expression was strikingly frightening.
	They hardly went out of the apartment. Lina breathed a sigh of relief and raised eyes to upstairs window, “What’s wrong with Luke? Wasn’t it fine at first?”
	“Probably because Jenny refused to come back, so he was in a bad mood.”
	“Nope, Jenny refused to come back, that’s why I came here to pack up. It was all right just now, why…”
	“According to me, just because you scattered Jenny’s items on the ground and Luke got unhappy.”
	Chen glared at Lina, “You always like a bull in a China shop, how can you remedy it if Diana knows?”
	“Or why don’t we go to invite Jenny back…” Lina looked at the apartment with a lingering fear, still felt uneasy about it.
	“Don’t do it. I think Luke’s anger most likely related to Jenny, so we better not get involved."
	In the apartment block, the room like an ice cellar. Luke paced into the bedroom and put the white medicine bottle on the bedside table, staring at it a lot with chilly eyes.
	The night's cold air blew into the room, making him freeze to the bone.
	Jenny stayed in her apartment for a week afterwards. Luke seemed to have vanished, there were neither calls nor messages. She didn’t see him even she deliberately went to the office to work for two days.
	There was a lot of news in the media instead.
	“Luke Lu, the CEO of Luke Up Group, kept frequenting cocktail parties with Sky Song-the artist of Brilliant Entertainment.”
	“The popular singer Sky Song privately dated with the CEO of Luke Up Group Luke Lu in western restaurant. If there will be cooperation between Luke Up Group and Brilliant Entertainment?” “The wedding date is approaching, the higher the men’s status is, the more likely to seek pleasure around.”
	Over the past week, there had been endless press released from various media. Jenny was uninterested in the news for her entertainer status. She didn’t know those things until Victoria slammed a stack of newspapers and magazines in front of her.
	"Pop", another magazine fell on the table.
	“Look, who the models are in the latest issue of Fashion Bride?"
	Jenny slightly stunned, put down the half-peeled apple in her hand, followed the sound to look at the cover of the latest issue of Fashion Bride on the table.
	The man in the black suit had a cold face, sitting on a sofa chair with one hand on his chin, with a woman in a wedding dress sitting across his lap, a delicate figure, revealing a smooth back, and slender legs on both sides, the woman looked back at the camera with a seductive smile on her delicate face.
	Her fair hands pressed on the man's chest, and the man’s other hand was around her waist, holding a stack of financial newspapers. In Victoria’s words, he was a beast in human attire that exuded elite aura.
	Jenny couldn't move her eyes from the magazine cover, she felt her temples beating.
	She had never seen such a Luke before. The recent news really made her surprised and a little frustrated.
	“He evidently didn’t like interviews, didn’t like to be in these magazines, didn’t like to be talked about, and even didn’t like news about him, the media had always used pseudonyms or allusions instead of his name, what’s wrong with him recently?” Jenny thought.
	Victoria looked at Jenny’s vacant face, thinking of George’s call, then coughed dryly.
	“But I don’t think Luke is the one who will blatantly show cheating to the public. He can directly call off the engagement if he doesn’t like you. He can do everything and needn’t to consider others, so I think …”
	Victoria glanced at Jenny, “It's a provoking method that deliberately showed to you.”
	Otherwise, he had invited Jenny to come back a few days ago. Wasn’t it a paradox if he liked another now?
	Jenny looked puzzled, the frustrated look on her face gradually faded, and asked in return, " Provoking method?"
	Victoria hurriedly continued along with her words, “Yep, think about it, was it too obvious of Luke’s activities in recent days? Was the media too diligent in issuing press? That’s the son of Lu family! Are they crazy? They even didn’t cover with mosaics, and directly used his real name. Didn't they want to be in this job anymore?"
	It was definitely Luke who hinted that they could do this.
	“The only reason to do so is that he wanted you see it.” Victoria crossed her arms and stared at the Fashion Bride magazine, “It just a portrait photo. Look, Luke had such a cold face, as if he was holding a prop in his arms. In fact, he didn’t put Sky Song in heart!”
	Jenny was shocked, “A prop?”
	How could she think of it?
	“Don’t see anything now.”
	Victoria closed the magazine, pulled Jenny up from sofa and said, “Hurriedly pack up and go home when it’s just a provoking method. Just receive it while he giving you the steps. Otherwise, you can’t go home when the fake things become true.”
	Jenny got confused by her words, “Ah?”
	“Don’t hesitate. Come on, I'll send you back, go!"
	Jenny was still dazed until she got on the cab.
	Victoria put the phone to her ear after Jenny had left, “Whether your news is reliable or not? Couldn’t your buddy really like others? I extremely worried about it when I saw the news.”
	George’s voice sounded in the phone, “Absolutely reliable. He didn’t eat anything recently. I called him out to have dinner but he refused. He just stayed in office or apartment every day except for attending events. I once visited him for twice, and I think he’ll be invalid if Jenny kept refusing to come back.
	“That’s better!” Victoria threatened to the phone, “If I find that the fact is as media issued instead of the words you said, your two arms may have to be broken and reattached.”
	“My dear Victoria, I can lie to everyone but you!”
	Victoria was in good mood. It’s important for her that her best friend was taken seriously. She was calling as she walking upstairs, “I feel good today. Treat me for dinner after I changed my clothes.”
	“You feel good, but let me treat…ok, I treat you…”
	At that moment, Jenny sat in the cab, holding the phone with some hesitation.
Chapter195 Who Is That?
	Just after listening to Victoria's nonsense, her mind was messed up. She didn't know if she Luke Lu?
	She looked down at the phone screen, thought for a while, and finally dialed a familiar number.
	The music in the earpiece rang for a long time, and finally the familiar voice sounded.
	“Hello, who is that?”
	The cold voice was slightly alienated.
	Jenny Jin was taken aback for a moment. Was he just asking who I was?
	“It’s me..”
	She hesitated for a moment and said these words slowly.
	On the other end of the phone, he was silent for a few seconds, "What's the matter?"
	A hint of unexpected flashed in her eyes, and then her eyes dimmed, "Nothing. Just I'll go home and get some things back. Are you in the apartment now?"
	"No, I will go back later."
	"Okay, then I take the things and leave first."
	Jenny Jin felt a little disappointed. The so-called taking things was just an excuse, as if saying that would make it less embarrassing. Self-deception is always counterproductive.
	"Get things from my place, you have to let me take a look. You have to wait for me in the apartment."
	She had also heard something even worse, but now, her heart felt like a chill spread all over her body, and she shivered from the cold.
	The phone hung up, a busy tone rang, and then fell silent.
	Although Luke Lu had an indifferent character in daily life, his indifferent attitude just now was very different from usual.
	The person on the other side of the call was in the office of the president of Luke Up Group.
	After the call, Lilian put down the documents, "Mr. Luke Lu, there are no other arrangements this afternoon. Do you need me to inform Chen to prepare a car and take you back to your apartment?"
	Luke Lu glanced at her expressionlessly, "No, I have something else to do. Bring the Everbright acquisition case to my office."
	Lilian was slightly shocked, "Everbright's acquisition case has just been discussed in the morning, and you have asked the marketing department to make amendments. Only four hours have passed, and there should be no new amendments."
	"Then have a meeting to make corrections. You tell them that I am waiting for their latest acquisition in the office. No one can leave work until it is completed."
	Lilian shuddered and dared not say any more.
	Jenny Jin entered the gate code according to her habit,
	"Wrong password, please re-enter."
	She shocked, and re-entered.
	"Wrong password, please re-enter."
	After three consecutive incorrect passwords, the password lock clicked, the anti-theft device was activated, and another lock was added inside.
	"The number of errors has reached the upper limit. Please try again in half an hour."
	Obviously, Luke Lu changed the password of the apartment.
	Jenny Jin became more and more disturbed.
	She was not a surly person. After frowning and staring at the apartment for a while, she resolutely took out her mobile phone and called Luke Lu.
	"Have you changed the password for the apartment?"
	"Well, I changed it."
	"When will you come back?"
	"You have something to deal with, just wait."
	She had nothing to say.
	It was dark, and Luke Lu slowly entered the apartment complex in a commercial vehicle.
	There was no one at the door of the apartment.
	He got out of the car and looked around, with a hint of indifference between his brows.
	"Where are you?"
	"Are you back now?" A lazy voice sounded on the other end of the phone, seemingly tired, "Because you haven't been back for a long time, I found a place to sit and eat in a nearby restaurant."
	The phone was hung up before the words were finished.
	Five minutes later, Jenny Jin was dragged back to the apartment by Luke Lu from a nearby Hong Kong-style restaurant.
	His face was gloomy, and his eyes were like ice, faintly cold.
	"You hurt me... hey, let me go." Jenny Jin struggled a few times, but couldn't get rid of his control.
	When the door was opened, she was thrown to the floor and gasped.
	"Luke Lu, what's wrong with you?"
	"I asked you to wait in the apartment, why did you go somewhere else?" The door behind Luke Lu closed, leaving only his condescending figure.
	Jenny Jin frowned, "You changed your password. I can't just sit at the door and wait. Who knows when you will be back? I need to eat too."
	It was late at night and there were no lights in the apartment. Because of the bright moon outside, the room was a little scattered light. She didn't notice how terrible Luke Lu's expression was, and she didn't realize how tense the atmosphere was at the moment, and she treated it as a usual little joke.
	"Eating? Did you come back to eat?"
	Luke Lu gritted his teeth and asked.
	This sounded totally unreasonable to Jenny Jin.
	"If I want to eat, I won't come back. I eat more at Victoriag's place. I just come back to get things..."
	"Take what?"
	"My things..." Jenny Jin looked away. Taking things was just an excuse, she didn't even think about what to take.
	"Your things?" Luke Lu sneered, "In this room, including what you wear, what belongs to you?"
	These words made Jenny Jin faintly realize that things were not that simple.
	"You..." She swallowed sharply, "What do you mean?"
	"What do I mean, don't you know yourself? How many things are you hiding from me? How long do you plan to keep it?"
	Jenny Jin frowned and suddenly thought of the worst possibility, "I don't want to be wronged. If you think I have something to hide from you, you can just say it. If it is my mistake, I will definitely admit it, but If it's not my responsibility, you can't wrong me because of some people."
	He has been mingling with Sky Song recently, so she wondered if Sky Song said something to him.
	"Still sophistry?" Luke Lu took out the white medicine bottle from his pocket.
	"Is this your thing?"
	The white medicine bottle was not conspicuous in the dim light, but Jenny Jin recognized it at a glance, and her face turned pale.
	"Can you see clearly?"
	With a "pop", the lights in the room were bright, and the dazzling lights made Jenny Jin couldn't help raising her arms to block her eyes.
	The next second, Luke Lu squatted in front of her, pulled her up from the ground, grabbed her by the neckline, and pushed her close to the bottle of medicine, and said every word, "CAN YOU SEE CLEARLY ?"
	"Is this yours?"
	Jenny Jin's face was pale, her body was stiff, the corners of her mouth buzzed for a while, and finally she said, "Yes."
	It's hers, she should admit it.
	"You're really honest." Under the bright light, Luke Lu's deep and dull voice was like a knife, and it pierced Jenny Jin's heart.
	"I'll give you a chance to explain now." He shook Jenny Jin away, as if she was something dirty. Luke Lu pulled out the handkerchief on his chest in disgust, wiped his hands, and then threw it on her. "In five minutes, as long as you have enough reasons to convince me, this matter will be wiped out."
	Jenny Jin gnashed her teeth , the red blood in her eyes, like a spider web stained with blood. Her nose was sore , and she had to endure the tears of grievance.
	When things were revealed, she knew that this day would come sooner or later. He wanted a child of his own, but she was not prepared for it herself. She could not accept the grievances of the previous generation when the child was born, just like herself. She loves him, but she was also afraid of him, fear as much as she loves.
Chapter196 Explanation
	"I have nothing to explain."
	Jenny Jin only said this sentence in the end.
	If she could explain it clearly, why bother to take pills and contraception; if she could explain it clearly, she could have a baby for him now.
	But Jenny Jin did not understand. In his heart, confession was the basis for two people to get along. Because he did not intend to hide anything from her,Jenny Jin should not hide anything from herself too. Anything.
	"What did you say?" Luke Lu stared ruthlessly at the woman who fell on the ground, the veins on his forehead beating, "Dare you say it again?"
	Jenny Jin gnashed her teeth and said in a very low voice, "I don't want to have children. I need a job. It's that simple."
	"Without me, what can you accomplish in the entertainment industry?"
	Jenny Jin looked at him with unconcealable grief in her eyes.
	Yes, she was nothing without Luke Lu.
	"If you regret it, I could return everything you gave me."
	Faced with the irreversible situation, she could only cope with it reluctantly.
	"Really?"Luke Lu looked at her indifferently, and finally defined her as a decisive woman. "You can't take away everything in this room."
	"Okay." As if exhausting all of her strength, she supported the ground and sat up slowly. She looked around and found that all the things here were originally belongs to Luke Lu. She didn't brought many things by herself. Even if there were, they were not worth the money.
	"Including the clothes you are wearing."
	When Jenny Jin heard these words, she frowned, looked at him in disbelief, and then subconsciously looked down at what she was wearing.
	The gray woolen coat, the beige sweater, and even the socks in the shoes were all bought by Luke Lu.
	Is it necessary to do so?
	She looked at him gradually disappointed.
	"Ok."
	The gray woolen clothes fell to the ground, raising a burst of fine dust. There were also beige sweaters, white socks, and leather shoes, all left on the ground, "Here you are."
	Jenny Jin stood barefoot on the floor, because there was no heating in the room, the cold floor touched her nerves, and her body gradually became chilly.
	"I said, all."
	"This is my grandma bought for me..." Jenny Jin looked at her dress and stared at Luke Lu incredulously, "Don't be too much. You don't even need this dress."
	In the next second, Luke Lu tore off her dress fiercely with a "stabbing" sound, and the sound of cloth shattering in the air. The bare skin on Jenny Jin's shoulders shone white under the fluorescent light.
	Jenny Jin screamed and dodged subconsciously.
	Luke Lu looked cold and pushed her to the floor fiercely. Behind her there is a hallway up to the fifth staircase to the living room. In Luke Lu's push, her back was hard on the steps, and she felt great pain.
	Jenny Jin clutched her shoulders, staring at Luke Lu, her legs curled up under the stairs, her body stiff.
	Luke Lu did not continue to approach her. Instead, he unscrewed the medicine bottle, poured two white pills out of it and handed them to her, "Don't you like to eat? Eat it, in front of me." He said in a cold voice. It was like a gust of cold wind, which made people feel chills in the back.
	"Hmm..." The pill melted in her mouth with a bitter taste that made her nauseous.Jenny Jin subconsciously wanted to spit it out, but was kissed coldly on her lips.
	With two pills wrapped in his tongue and tumbling in her mouth, Luke Lu seemed to insist on her feeling the pain. Until the pill was completely melted on the tip of the tongue and the mouth was filled with strong bitterness, he still pushed the unspeakable bitterness into her throat. Jenny Jin's stomach was as if turning over.
	"Ewww..." She pushed him abruptly, lying on the edge of the stairs and throwing up...
	Jenny Jin felt full of bitterness, stomach acid churns from the tip of the tongue to the stomach.
	Luke Lu's expression became even more displeased. He suddenly grabbed Jenny Jin by the collar and pushed her down on the steps again, "Don't pretend to be pitiful, because I know the same bitterness ten thousand times better than you. Don't you like to eat? Did you eat it all today."
	A whole bottle of medicine fell into his big palm. The pills fell randomly on her face, and a few pills fell into her mouth, but she vomited them out. Luke Lu leaned down, kissed Jenny Jin’s lips hard, forcing her to swallow.
	Jenny Jin's legs struggled helplessly, and her hands slapped against the man's back. White pills were scattered everywhere. After the man forced her to take two pills, the kiss turned from lips to neck, and then began to frantically tear her clothes.
	The white dress was torn into pieces by Luke Lu, and the straps of the black lace underwear were torn off directly by him. Jenny Jin's skin was bruised, and Luke Lu seemed to want her to die in his arms, regardless of her painful shouts.
	She screamed, she struggled, she begged for mercy, but none of this worked.
	With absolute male dominance, he forced her on the cold steps, and entered her body with dry and rough movements, without any foreplay, and brutally controlled her between his body and the steps.
	Jenny Jin's voice has become hoarse, making a painful and hoarse cry. Her back hit the steps again and again, turning from the initial pain to numbness. There was no light in her eyes, and her dim look was like a dying person, with no hope in sight.
	However, the man seemed to have found a source of water in the desert. He exhausted all his energy to obtain it, trying to make this oasis completely his own. He wanted to control all this, he wanted this woman to belong to him completely, regardless of body and mind.
	Jenny Jin's head was leaning on the highest part of the steps, and her hand was holding a handful of pills when she was just struggling. The sticky skin all over her body was sweating, stained with many white pills, and the sugar coating of the white pills gradually melted , revealing the bitterness inside it.
	Luke Lu was tireless and had sex for a long time. Because he pulled it out too hard, Jenny Jin felt a tearing pain in her numb body. She frowned suddenly, a painful expression appeared on her face, her mouth opened, but her dry throat could not make any more noise.
	The dazzling white light in front of her seemed to be blurred and scattered, and then turned into darkness.
	It would be great if it was always so dark in the future.
	This was her last thought before she passed out.
Chapter197 A Broken Heart
	Luke Lu's Moonlight Heart Apartment was located in the downtown where the house price was the highest. He tended to live on the 20th floor. There were actually no other residents in the building, for the whole construction belonged to him.
	On the huge glass window the rain patted down.
	The rain in spring looked cold.
	When Jenny Jin woke up, she found herself lying on a bed. Tilting her head,she saw a bay window. She still felt groggy and her body seemed to weigh one thousand ponds. No one else was in the house,so it was very quiet.
	The dark night outside the window was like a pool of stagnant water, but the bustling night life of Xicheng was just about to start. The traffic under the neon lights was only the tip of an iceberg. In the corner of the city,there were people who indulged themselves in an extravagant lifestyle. Along with those wilted roses, they degenerated by the sewers, emitting unpleasant smells.
	All felt like a nightmare.
	And she might have let it go as a dream,if not for a strange pain coming from her body caused by a slight movement.
	When Luke came back with the ointment to activate blood circulation and remove blood stasis, he saw Jenny sitting on the bay window.She wore a black vest and white silk trousers.She was looking out of the window with arms crossing on her legs . Her long hair fell over her shoulders and her faintly visible butterfly bone. Water dripped from the tips of her hair and fell on the cashmere blanket.
	She was like a delicate but dumb doll.You could see no emotion in her eyes.She looked down through the window as if a queen inspecting her people. Luke went forward and sat in front of her.After taking out all sorts of medicines from a bag,he unscrewed one of them and tried to hold her arm.
	"Don't touch me."
	She did not turn her head when saying that.Instead,she faced the glass window, staring at the swirling raindrops outside. Her voice was very low. You could feel few power in such a faint, dumb tone, but her stiff back announced her determination.
	Luke's fingertips almost reached her wrists, and he could feel the subtle flutter of the hairs on her arms.
	"Do I just repulse you?"
	Jenny huddled herself into a ball ,not even taking a glance at him.
	Luke's face sank. He stood up and strode out of the bedroom. After a huge sound of door being slammed, the big house was quiet again.
	There are things that cannot be reversed or repaired, such as the harm you do to a person,such as a broken heart.
	Jenny did not move back to her own apartment.Instead,she stayed at Moonlight Heart Apartment,mainly,to avoid Victoria,who was a short-tempered woman.She would grill her if she had seen the way she was.
	The apartment was good apart from being packed with the smell of that man.Daily necessities were all available and a supermarket was downstairs .
	Every night before going to sleep,she would text Luke, "I want a divorce."
	And Luke would reply to her within five minutes, "No."
	As if it had become a routine: texted him, waited for his reply, then tossed and turned to sleep every night.
	She had got a reply from the casting director of 'JX' ,who asked her to attend a public training in Beijing one month later. Then,they would identify her role and start shooting. She had her own ways to settle down in Beijing, and find out the truth of that year.There was no need to bother the Lu family.
	One night of the week before the engagement party, Jenny couldn’t fall asleep in her bed.She had sent a text message to Luke, but he didn’t reply. She was a bit upset somehow.
	There were the ticks of the lock being unlocked from the living room, then a sound of steady footsteps, which stopped at the foyer for a moment, then walked towards the bedroom.
	"No way." Luke stood in the bedroom doorway and uttered these two words coldly in front of her.
	Jenny was unable to think for seconds. She turned over and sat on the edge of the bed. "Why?” she asked.
	"Grandma hasn’t had an operation yet, and your contract with me says that you can’t get a divorce before my grandma's operation."
	"How can you guarantee that you will divorce me after grandma's operation?"She stared at him.
	She was not stupid. For the first time,she talked about the divorce with him in a serious manner .
	Luke raised his eyebrow slightly, "what do you suggest we do?"
	"Sign the divorce papers first."
	When Jenny said this, Luke's face darkened. He knew Jenny wanted to leave him, but didn’t expect her being so determined. There was not even a hint of hesitation in her voice.
	"Are you so eager to get away from me?"
	Luke suddenly grasped her arms, with his eyes shining like icy darts.
	Jenny took a step back.She gasped for the sharp pain from her shoulders, but refused to make a sound by clenching her teeth.
	"Luke, have you ever heard of that birds of different feathers do not flock together?" Gritting his teeth,she asked in a muffled voice, "Since you just want a uterus to carry your baby, any woman have one. I don't want to be pregnant, why do you force me?"
	Aware of the pain in her voice ,Luke slowly let go of her arm, but clenched his fists.
	"OK, I'll sign it."
	The sound of the printer operating made the empty apartment seem even quieter.Two copies in one style of the divorce agreement.The effective date was set by Luke--in the following February.There was still a whole year to go.
	After signing their names,each took one copy. It occurred too smoothly to be real for Jenny.
	"I’ll move back to my apartment tomorrow.Do you mind if I stay here for one more night?" She asked.
	"You shall go back to Beijing with me tomorrow."
	"Why?" Jenny was puzzled.
	"We are to hold an engagement party one week later.You shall meet my family in Beijing in advance."
	"But we have signed the divorce papers..."
	"Everything will go as usual before the divorce papers take effect," Luke said. His cold face was as hard as a statue. "Grandma will go back with us ,so don't worry."
	Biting her lips,Jenny thought that no matter whether she wanted to get engaged or not, she had an appointment in Beijing. It would make no difference if she arrived in Beijing earlier or later. Besides, if Diana heard that their engagement was canceled, she may be suspicious.So Jenny agreed with him at last. They had obtained their marriage certificate.It was only right and proper that they made up an engagement party.
	The next day, Jenny was hurried to leave so Luke had ordered Chen to wait downstairs early in the morning. After Jenny getting into the car, Chen drove to the Flower House to pick up Diana, then they headed for the airport.
	All the way, Diana kept murmuring, "I'm too old to have long time journey. Is there any problem to celebrate it in Xicheng? Why must Beijing? Who knows what the engagement party would be like. "
	Jenny supported Diana and comforted her all the way, "You haven't been back for a long time.They are probably missing you. Besides,it's good to go back and stay for a while."
	"How flattering!" Diana smiled and patted the back of Jenny’s hand. "Don't be nervous. Luke’s father looks serious,but in fact,he dare not disobey me.He won’t challenge the granddaughter-in-law chosen by me."
	Jenny nodded.
	"When we arrive in Beijing, don’t worry about me. You can hang out with Luke’s siblings."
Chapter198 Siblings
	"Siblings?" Jenny was confused, "Does Luke has any siblings?"
	"His uncle's daughter went back from abroad hearing that Luke was getting engaged. She had called me yesterday.His aunt has a son. Luke also has several uncles and cousins. They are all about the same age. You will have lots of common topics with them."
	The Lu family was a big one and had many branches. Among its descendants,many were businessmen and politicians. Technically speaking,some relatives were very distant.A lot of them clung to the Lu family for its fame in Beijing .
	Jenny smirked at the thought of it.
	Rats leave a sinking ship and the fall of a distinguished family is often overnight. She vaguely knew the reason why Diana had moved to Xicheng many years ago.She just wanted to stay away from the political game of the Lu family.
	Luke ,on the other hand,was even more insightful. He had almost nothing to do with the Lu family now except by blood. If a disaster really befell the Lu family, it was none of his business.
	Diana looked painful on the plane.She couldn't stand the enormous sound of the plane taking off.
	Jenny thought for a while. "Grandma, you might feel better if you try to take a deep breath and swallow."
	Taking her advise, Diana looked much better.Then she signed, "I am too old to take a flight. I’m almost risking my life on the plane."
	"You are in good health, and you will be longevity!"
	"Stop lying to me. What’s good for longevity? I just want to be able to experience the birth of my first great grandson,which would be a relief to me for the rest of my life, or I won’t have the guts to meet my husband in heaven."
	Diana was glad when she looked down and saw Jenny’s bugling belly.
	It took more than two hours to fly to Beijing. Diana kept yawning and soon fell asleep. Jenny asked the flight attendant for a blanket and covered Diana with it. As the plane flew smoothly, she went to the toilet.When she passed by Luke, he took a look at her, but no talk.
	Along the way, she seemed invisible to him. Apart from a few glances at her occasionally,no more interaction.They had agreed to at least keep up the appearance in front of Diana.But now, everyone would have the illusion that they were stranger to each other.It was hard to say which of them was struggling more now.
	When they got off, the assistants who had accompanied them along the way pushed their luggage cart.Jenny stayed around Diana all the time while Luke walked ahead without a word, leaving them only a back.
	Diana frowned and patted the back of Jenny’s hand. "Are you mad with each other?"
	Jenny's heart sank and her face stiffened. "No,who told you that?"
	"Well,I didn't want to get involved since every couple has their fights. But you know,Luke,despite the fact that he was in charge of a big company, and was very mature in doing business, he has no talent in being a good lover. If he ever hurts your heart, just tell me. I will teach him a lesson."
	"Don’t worry, grandma.We are fine. Just enjoy your staying in Beijing."
	Jenny smiled politely and refused to add further comments.
	No one could tackle the problem between her and Luke.
	Of course, it was not an easy thing to fool Diana. Frowning at the cold back in front of them,Diana shouted, "Bastard, why are you walking so fast?Even if you don't care about the old guy,you don’t care about your wife and son either? Do you have any conscience?"
	Luke's back stiffened.He stopped and slowly turned around.Indifferently glancing at Jenny, he said in a deep voice, "I'll go to the door first to see if the car has arrived.”
	"What are your assistants for?"With her arms akimbo, Diana really looked like the patriarch's wife of a big family. "I only come to Beijing for a few years. Is it possible that your father haven’t asked someone to pick me up?"
	Luke frowned but not have even a word to answer back.
	"I’ll hold you."
	"Just hold your wife." Rolling her eyes,Diana withdrew her hand from Jenny, and stood aside in good spirits.
	Jenny looked up at Diana. "No, I can... do it myself."
	"Let's go." Feeling a force on her arm, Jenny looked back and was surprised to see that Luke was holding her shoulder.
	Diana had took much effort to fix Luck up with Jenny.
	Just out of the exit, a silvery laughter arrived from far away before they had reached the front door .
	"Luke! Here!Here! "
	Before Jenny could recognize who it was, the hand holding her suddenly let go,for Luke was bumped by the sound rashly coming .
	Looking at the reckless young girl who had crashed into Luke's arms,Jenny was at a loss.
	The girl looked about 16 or 17 years old, dressed in western style---a large silver ring on one ear,a loose hollow T-shirt with black lace and a revealed belly in winter. She wore a pair of ripped jeans and a baggy olive-green coat which was a popular batwing jacket in the so-called BF style.
	She gave others the impression of an enthusiastic cool girl .
	Beijing in early spring was even several degrees lower than Xicheng. Her outfit made others shiver just by a glance. Young girls are just energetic whose bodies are fireplaces themselves.
	"Luke, you know how much I care about you?When I got the news that you were going to get engaged, I immediately gave up my plan of traveling around the world and flew back from Morocco with my mom . "
	"How childish! Let go of Luke at once and say hello to them. "behind came a serious but doting voice of a woman.
	The young girl got out of Luke arms ,first greeted Diana, then she tilted her head for Jenny and spat out her tongue. "You must be my brother's fiancee."
	Jenny was out of words for seconds and looked toward Luke spontaneously.
	Without waiting for Luke to speak, the girl held her hand directly. "My name is Doris Lu. Luke's cousin. Everyone calls me Fish because I like eating fish. You can also call me Fish from now on!"
	Jenny nodded. "I'm Jenny Jin. You can call me..."
	"Sister-in-law!" With her index finger up,the girl looked at Jenny in excitement. But she hesitated when the words were spoken out.
	"That sounds too old. How about Sister Jenny?"
	"Both works for me!" Jenny smiled.
	"Hey, I heard that you're an entertainer. Do you sing? Do you like rock 'n 'roll? What's your favorite band? There's a Beatles concert in Beijing at the end of the month. Would you like to come with me? "
	"That’s enough. I just asked you to say hello,not chatter." The woman who had been following Fish interrupted her impatiently.
	"Oh, my big sister is getting jealous!" Spitting out her tongue, Fish took Jenny’s hand and walked towards Amber Lu. "This is my uncle’s daughter,also Luke’s cousin-- Amber Lu. She is the eldest sister of the Lu family. Still single. Unbelievable,right?"
Chapter 199 Different Personalities
	“If you continue talking these nonsense, I will tear your mouth apart.” Louise knocked on Cathy’s forehead and pretended to be ferocious.
	“Louise. Like Luke, you can just call me Cathy and regard me as your sister.”
	Louise nodded towards Jenny, who looked like a head of a crowd.
	“Well, but I have never heard Luke call you as his sister.” Cathy seemed to be always telling the truth and making people embarrassed.
	“Who said no?”
	Louise started to become embarrassed.
	At this, Luke put aside his telephone. Taking a glance at the noisy crowd, he said coldly, “Louise, you ‘ll go in the same car with grandma.”
	Giggling, Cathy was covering her mouth and couldn’t help laughing. She held Luke’s hand and smiled to Luke, “Anyway, I will not go with you. I will go with Jenny. You are the one whose deeds are always contradictory to your words...”
	Luke’s face changed colors out of emotions, “I will not go with you, either. You go on your own!”
	“Cathy was too noisy. Just let Louise take Jenny and you can chat on the way.” Diana was caring about Jenny and worried that she would be bored.
	The final agreement was that Luke would go in the same car with Cathy, and Diana would go with Luke’s another cousin in the same car, while Jenny would go with Louise in the same car.
	Maybe it was because Luke did not make her pleased, Louise was not happy. She did not talk to Jenny too often in the car, but she still helped her when they were getting into the car, “Take care, the under pan of my car is kind of high.”
	“Thank you, Louise...” Jenny responded politely.
	Louise was shocked for a little while and then showed her smile, “Luke’s personality is not very good, but his wife is so sweet.”
	Jenny lowered her head and smiled.
	“The whole Lu family is easy-going, except that Luke’s family is comparatively serious. My uncle, Luke’s father, is just serious, but he does not ask too much about his kids. You are so gentle and polite, he will not say something to be against you, but my aunt is kind of annoying.”
	Louise was very honest that she always told the truth, which made Jenny anxious.
	She should have been so calm when speaking in such a place. She indeed has the parentage of a noble family.
	“Well, we are having a family dinner tonight. The Lu family is so big that we often eat in the yard. Since you are new to us and we all want to know you, this dinner is arranged in a hotel booth. We have three layers, the innermost of which is the head of the Lu Family. That is Luke’s father. Then it is us and our cousins, which is the second layer. The third one is some relatives who have little to do with us, whom you do not need to pay much attention to.”
	“There will be so many people tonight?”
	She was shocked for a while.
	Louise frowned a little bit, “Did not Luke tell you this?”
	Jenny shook her head.
	“This guy...” Louise was kind of astonished, “He might have forgotten it. but he is too unreliable. Never mind, I am telling you now.”
	Louise patted her chest, as if she was the head, “Do not be nervous tonight. Well, you are an actress, you should have been in many important meetings. You won’t be nervous, will you?”
	A slice of bitter smile began to show on Jenny’s face.
	Just because she was an actress, she was even more nervous.
	Except the car in which Diana sits went back to the military yard, other cars went to the hotel directly. Because this was an engagement dinner, they had to abide by some specific rules. They went from a hotel to the engagement hotel, which was regarded that Jenny went from her own home to the engagement hotel. Lu family regarded the rules as something very important, so Jenny was arranged in another hotel.
	After they got off the car, Cathy held Jenny, “Your room is opposite to mine, so we can play cards in the evening.”
	Louise moved her face out from the car and shook her hands, “Then I will go first. See you in the evening.”
	Jenny nodded her head, “OK. See you in the evening.”
	After Louise’s car went, Luke went in the car following it, without even telling Jenny. It was not known where he was going.
	“Luke is definitely going to his company. He is such a workaholic...” Cathy rolled her eyes towards the end of the Luke’s car, then she held Jenny into the hotel very happily, while she was telling the people behind to carry their luggage up to their rooms.
	“How did you get to know Luke? Can you tell me that?”
	“There was one time when I was buying some medicine in a pharmacy, and I got to take his phone home, while he took mine.”
	“So amazing...”
	“Is this amazing?” Jenny’s face became dark.
	“What else? What else?”
	The door of the elevator opened slowly, but Cathy just held Jenny’s hand tightly and intended to ask about the whole thing, “Is it you who pursued my brother or my brother who pursued you? Luke is kind of cold-minded, so it is hard to imagine he will pursue a girl.”
	Jenny told Cathy a few things half true and half false, until the elevator got to the top floor.
	The door of the elevator opened slowly.
	Cathy’s voice was still around Jenny’s ears. When she was going out of the elevator, she saw a pair of familiar eyes, which had some European or American depth. A decent smile was always there on her face.
	“What a coincidence.”
	Sky Song’s voice rose in the corridor.
	“Well, how come you are also here?” Cathy was totally astonished.
	“How? Can’t I be here? It is aunt who invites me. I arrived here the day before yesterday. I just moved in today and I was living in the yards the days before.” Sky Song’s eyes swept through Jenny, with some shrewdness in her eyes, “Well, I was living in your room.”
	“What do you mean?” Cathy frowned a bit, “Why did you live in Jenny’s room?”
	Sky Song lowered her head and fixed her hair beside her ears, “When aunt sent me here this morning, the rooms were all full. Only Jenny’s room was empty, so they let me in temporarily. When someone checked out this afternoon, Jenny can move in. This is just for convenience, no other intentions.”
	“I feel that you have some other intentions Sky Song.” Cathy looked at her, with her teeth clenched, “Do you think that I do not know you do not want Luke to marry Jenny?”
	“ Cathy, please watch your words. You are already 18. how come you are as immature as a little girl just like many years ago?”
	“How dare you mention the things many years ago?”
	Seeing that Cathy was going to have a fight with Sky Song, Jenny held her back immediately, “Cathy, aren’t you going to play cards? Take me to your room, and I will probably live in your room tight if you don’t mind.”
	“Sly Song, I ...”
	Jenny dragged Cathy away with all her strength.
	Why was there so much hatred between these two?
	In the apartment, Cathy was sitting there on the sofa angrily, “Jennie, you have to keep away from that Sky Song. She was the most bad woman I have ever seen. Look at my leg...”
	Cathy pulled her jeans up and showed her right thigh and knee, on which there was a long burned scar from her knee to her leg end. It could be seen that she had done some repair surgery, but some scars could not be removed.
	“What is the matter?”
	“It was all because of that woman. We were playing in the yard in my childhood. I was often abroad and came home to spend my summer holiday. i was the youngest child and everyone was nice to me. I got along very well with Luke, which made her jealous and caused this scar on me.”
Chapter 200 A Queen of Fake Faces
	“If the hypocrisy in the world all have a mask, then Sky Song is definitely one of them. She can be called the Queen of Fake Faces.”
	Cathy pulled her trousers down and sat on the sofa, with her legs crossed. She was watching at the door angrily, as if the woman whom she called the Queen of Fake Faces was still outside the door.
	Jenny sat opposite to her, kind of confused, “Is your scar on your leg caused by her?”
	“Nobody will believe me. When I was a kid, I liked to go to the places where there was fire. People cooked on the stoves, which was the place that I liked to stand near.”
	At that time, Cathy was a guest when she came back from abroad, while Sky Song and others were hosts, who were very familiar with these places. Therefore, everyone took care of Cathy -- the youngest sister among them.
	Especially Luke. Cathy was his cousin, whom he paid much more attention and took extra care of. Thus, Sky Song, originally the center of them, was ignored by them.
	“I remember that was on a Winter Solstice, when several family gathered together in Luke’s home to make dumplings. Luke’s father had not come home, and aunts were all in the kitchen making dumplings. We were in the hall playing, while my brothers and sisters were in the study room on the second floor. I was thirsty and wanted some water to drink, so I pulled her sleeves.”
	“Then?”
	“She told me that the kettle was on the stove, and I needed to get the water myself. Otherwise, I would not have the right to eat dumplings.”
	Cathy at that moment was so obsessed with dumplings that she believed it. Then she ran towards the stove on which there was boiling water. She was to touch the handle of the kettle.
	The water in the kettle was boiling, so the kettle was hot enough to harm hands. When she touched it, she screamed out, and the next moment, Sky Song rushed towards her.
	“I thought she was rushing towards me to help me or ask me what was the matter.”
	“So she did not?” Jenny frowned.
	“She was so selfish that she would not care about others.” Cathy snorted angrily. “She should have come over to overturn the kettle.”
	“My God...” Jenny covered her mouth with her hands, feeling it unbelievable.
	“There was something more serious.” Cathy smiled coldly. “She bent over me, so that only my legs were hurt, but her back was hurt more seriously. My parents, aunts, and the servant maids in my home all thought that it was she who saved me...”
	“Didn’t you explain it to them?”
	“I was too painful to say anything.” Cathy lowered her head and was playing the tassels on her clothes. “If it was happening right now, I would tell everyone the truth even though I was hurt to death.”
	After that, Cathy recovered, but she was inevitably scolded by her families. She felt wronged, ans told them the truth, but the elders in her family thought she was wronging Sky Song. After all, nobody would hurt herself to wrong another person. In addition, Sky Song had gone to France, her families just thought she was making up a story because Sky Song was not there to defend herself.
	The early Spring in Beijing did not has the warmth brought by the season. It was still freezing, even more freezing than the wind in the winter.
	Cathy also said that she herself was not sensible enough and she liked telling lies to not shoulder her responsibility, which made Sky Song play a trick on her.
	Jenny could not help holding her hands, but she did not know what to say to comfort her.
	“But every thing is fine right now!” Cathy’s eyes flashes some lights. “She always thought that nobody but herself could match Luke. But you are here right now. I want to see how arrogant she can be. Well, my aunt has not come back yet. When my aunt comes back, she will not dare say anything, not even breathe.”
	“Your aunt?”
	“Yeah, she is doing some research in America. She is busy with some project right now, so she cannot come back. But when you are getting married, she might be able to come back. She will be super duper happy if she knows that Luke does not marry Sky Song.”
	At the noon, Cathy ate something with Jenny. Then she received a call from a Chinese friend, and she just went out in a hurry, before which she told others not to tell anyone that she was going outside.
	Since Jenny was a new friend to her, she thought she was not qualified to interfere too much with her personal life. Jenny just told Cathy to take care.
	The dinner was arranged at 7:30 p.m. Luke came to pick up Jenny.
	Sky Song was also there with them to go downstairs.
	After Cathy When opened the door with Cathy and saw Sky Song there opposite them, she felt a little shocked, “Luke, will Sky Song go with us?”
	“Yeah.” Luke answered lightly.
	“No.” Cathy began to shout, “She was not one of us. With what identity will she go there? It is not proper. Luke, what position do you put Jenny? This is unacceptable.”
	“Do you know what is acceptable?” Luke took a glance at her and then turn to look at Jenny, “When Sky’s parents were alive, we were very close friends. Now Sky Song is along in Beijing, we should take more care of her. We just need to add another pair of chopsticks when having dinner, do you mind?”
	Jenny felt a little shocked and then tried to smile, “Of course not.”
	This was your family dinner, you could invite anyone as you like. She -- Jenny, did not have a say.
	Cathy felt angry and pulled Jenny’s sleeves. She stared at Luke, “Luke, you are going too far. Jenny, let us go.”
	There were two cars in front of the hotel. Cathy stuffed Jenny into the car ahead, then she waited there for the two people behind. She was not natural.
	“I think, if someone’s legs went wrong, then she’d better stay here. Otherwise, she would drag us behind.”
	Sky Song smiled politely, “I was having a concert other day. So I danced too much in high heels and my legs indeed felt uncomfortable. I am so sorry for having kept you waiting.”
	“Hypocritic...”
	Sky Song did not care about what Cathy said. When Luke opened the door of the car, she just went forward and sat in it. It was not known what she told Luke into his ears, Luke just sat in the same car with her from the other side.
	“Well...” Cathy patted at the door and shouted at the car behind, “What’s the matter, Luke...”
	Jenny was sitting in the car, and she knew what happened outside the car. She rolled the windows down and looked AT Cathy, “Get on, Cathy. We are to blame if we are late.”
	Cathy stared at the car behind angrily for a long time before getting on the car. When she got on, the sound of her closing the door seemed to make the sky hear.
	The dinner was to be held at a famous international hotel, which was secretive enough. In a military family like Luke’s, people would not dare go out if they did not have some safeguards and bulletproof cars.
	People in the booth were protected very well. Anyone who wanted to come into and went out the booth needed to be scanned by a metal scanner, as if they were passing the customs security check.
	After they were scanned, Cathy said, “Never mind, we need to go through this every time we dine outside. It will be better when we eat at home next time. I am not in the mood to eat after all the tiring processes. I am only thinking whether I will be assassinated.”
Chapter 201 Family Union
	The generation that was most familiar to Lu Family was at the innermost of the booth. Jenny was originally beside Cathy. When they arrived at the door of the booth, Cathy said loudly and surprisingly, “My feet hurt...”
	Luke, who was walking behind them went forward to help her immediately. Cathy put Jenny’s hands around Luke’s elbow and walked out, “I am fine. Go inside. Grandmother has already been waiting for too long.”
	Touching the elbow of Luke, Jenny stuck there. Were it not for Cathy’ words, she would have been pausing at the door longer.
	Luke frowned a bit. A sense of deepness flashed in his eyes. He did not let her hands go, but made his sleeves tidy. He held her hands and put them in an appropriate place in his elbow, and then they walked towards the booth.
	Sky Song walked two steps forward, then she was stopped by Cathy. “We cannot steal others’ show today. Do not forget that you are just here having a dinner.”
	A sense of coldness flashed from Sky Song’s eyes. She took a cold glance at Cathy, “You’d better behave yourself and do not piss me off.”
	“Well... I am very afraid of you.” Cathy held her own hands in front of her and made an exaggerating expression, “do you want to hurt me again with the boiling water?”
	Sky Song’s facial expression became unnatural.
	Cathy took a cold glance at her, “do you still me regard me as a little girl? Sky Song, you’d better behave yourself.”
	At this, she turned around and her braids were tossed onto Sky’s face. Then she walked towards the booth.
	At this moment, Luke and Jenny were sitting around the table near his mother. In the middle sat grandma. Her son and Louise were sitting beside her, then it was Cathy and some big boys who had the similar names.
	It was known to all that the first son of Lu Family -- Ryan Lu, died out of an accident. His corpse was not even found. His ex-wife had been married abroad. His first daughter Louise had grown up in the yard, and she was going to take her father’s industry.
	What confused Jenny was that she did not know who Cathy’s mother was.
	The documents Frankie Hill gave her showed that the grandma in Lu Family had two sons and one daughter. Since one of then died, and her daughter was doing research abroad, there was only one son here in Beijing. Then whose child was Cathy?
	From the words of the people here, she felt that there was another person in this family.
	Without thinking too much, Jenny’s prospective mother-in-law started to introduce her to others. The first one to be introduced was definitely Luke’s father -- Alex.
	“Uncle Lu...” she was not married to Luke right now, so it would be right to call him uncle.
	Others also felt it was proper.
	Only Diana was there saying, “calling uncle make you seem unfamiliar with us. You can call dad, because you and Luke are getting married very soon.”
	Thus, Jenny said again, “Dad.”
	Alex looked like over 50. he was old but dignified. He did not smile often. However, his beards shook a little when he heard Jenny’s “dad”. So, he gave a red pack to her, “Well.”
	“I did not tell him to prepare a red packet. He should have prepared it himself.” Diana was kind of surprised and said. The red packet was kind of thick, which meant the money in it was not a little.
	Jenny took a look at Diana, whose eyes was like a seam out of happiness. “Just take it, Luke’s father was not so generous every time.”
	“Mother, what are you saying? Will I treat my daughter-in-law shabbily?” Alex’s voice was kind of low. The joking words became serious from his mouth.
	“My uncle did not treat his daughter-in-law shabbily, but he treated us shabbily. Last year, when I was visiting him and was going to receive a red packet from him, he just gave me some candies and told me not to eat too much, because teeth would become bad.” Cathy said grudgingly.
	Everybody burst into laughter.
	Diana was the one who laughed most happily, “Your uncle still regarded you as a little child, who was suitable to eat candies.”
	Louise was there, unwilling to accept it.
	“Grandma, Cathy was a little child, but I was not. I went to Luke’s home with her last year, but Alex just gave me a sweet potato from the stove, which made my hands all of dust.”
	People there laughed even more happily. Diana pointed at Louise’s nose and said, “You are children as long as you do not get married.”
	“But this does not make any sense. My uncle is obviously giving his daughter-in-law favoritism.”
	Luther, Louise’s biological brother, teased, “we have said so much that Jenny will be embarrassed if she did not show us how much money is in the red packet. We will continue this topic if you do not.”
	“Yeah. I remember that my uncle gave his daughter-in-law 10000RMB last year. That red packet was quite thick and we grew up together with my cousin’s wife.”
	Seeing that there were so many people talking about it, Diana knocked on the table, “you are triggering my headache. Jenny, see how much your dad gave you as a gift today. If it was just a little, we won’t let him go today.”
	Everyone was joking about it. Jenny also took it as something funny. But it was a gift from Alex, so she had to ask for permission from him. After taking a look at him and seeing him nod, she opened the red packet.
	The red packet’s size was like a sheet of A4 paper. Something heavy was packed inside it. After unwrapping it and showing it on the table, everyone was shocked.
	Except the cash of 10000RMB, there was a red book under it.
	“Is it a house proprietary certificate?”
	Diana was also a little shocked. She took the red paper surrounded by the cash and took a look at it, then she smiled, “so generous. The house on the Xiguan Mountain in Beijing is given to Jenny right now.”
	That house was given by the military force. Only the experienced senior officers were qualified to get it. And everyone could only get one. Although Lu Family got one, they only lived there twice in the summer. The worth of it was more than 10million right now.
	So Diana said Alex was so generous, she meant that he was indeed generous, not pretending to be generous.
	“My uncle is so generous!”
	Taking a look at the younger generation there, he coughed and said with his heavy voice, “Now that Jenny married Luke, then she was a member of us. This is just part of the betrothal gift. Since everyone is here, I wan to make it clear that I do not want to hear something unpleasant. If anyone spread something unpleasant, I will not be gentle any more.”
	The family that was born out of military fights valued fame very much. Jenny was an actress, who would have many affairs. Her affairs were spread everywhere the other day. Alex mush have heard about many of them. It was not known that whether he said these words to people in the booth or particularly to her.
	Jenny became shy and she did not know what to do the next step.
	“Well, today is a good day, why are you talking about all these things? Jenny, sit down and have dinner.” Diana took a stare at Alex, “It is difficult to have a nice meal when you are here.”
Chapter 202 Warning
	Alex’s words weighed in Beijing. Whatever he said could have Xicheng overthrown. So Jenny did not dare take his words lightly.
	Diana told Jenny to put away what Alex gave her, then she got to know the kids one by one.
	Diana was the most eldest, then it was Alex and his sister, who did not come back. Except Louise -- the biggest sister in the youngest generation, everyone was at almost the same age with Jenny. They all liked to joke, so this meal was not ill at ease.
	The only thing that was embarrassing was that Sky Song chose some food gave it to Luke with her chopsticks.
	Even though Diana coughed several times to imply that it was not proper, Sky Song still did not change herself.
	Cathy winked at Jenny, “Jenny, Luke likes that bamboo sprout, you can pick some for him.”
	Originally, Jenny did not intend to participate in it, but Cathy said so, and she was indeed near the bamboo sprout, so she could only pick some of it and sent it to Luke’s bowl.
	Luke nodded his head lightly, then he ate some vegetables given by Sky Song. He did not even look at the bamboo sprout.
	Cathy became unhappy right away. Were it not for Louise, she would have made a scene again.
	All of it was captured by Alex.
	He looked at Sky Song and said, “When did you come home?”
	“I have been at home for a long time. I stay at Xicheng all the time, so you do not know that I am back.”
	“You are doing great abroad, what makes you want to come back home?”
	“I still prefer the life at home. I like Chinese food and people here. After all, I was born and raised here.”
	“If you have any difficulty in your daily life, just tell me. I will help you. Your father and I are good comrades in the arm.” Alex felt a little sad when he mentioned his comrade.
	Sky Song’s face became heavy and she squeezed a smile, “I don’t have any difficulty. But something is always out of people’s control. It will be great if you can really help me.”
	The implications in the words were understood by more than half of the people around the table.
	Alex took a glance at Luke, but he said these words as if he was not speaking to Luke, “It is easy to get something that is material form, but as for something that is not material, you can only get it through your own hard efforts. Sky, you are at the age to get married, you can find someone reliable to marry him. If you cannot find someone suitable, you can ask for help from your aunt.”
	The obvious refusal in the words was also a way to get rid of her, as if it was some warning.
	Maybe there were someone who did not understand, but she Sky Song was very clear about it.
	She was kind of afraid of Alex since she was a little kid, because his eyes seemed to be able to figure out what she was thinking about. Whatever she did, he seemed to know it. Facing him, she felt ill at ease subconsciously.
	“Sky is still very young. Why are you always mentioning this topic? I am already paying attention to it.” Diana interrupted Alex and told everyone to have dinner.
	The brothers in Lu Family were joking with each other, and they were laughing quite happily.
	The meal today was not simple at all.
	Luke did not give Jenny any face. He face was cold all the time, even Diana could not bear it, so that she reminded him that he should know who he was and take care of Jenny. Jenny was thinking that he would go with Sky, if it was not for Diana.
	After she had some food, she felt there was no taste in her mouth, and went to the restroom.
	When she came out, Sky Song was there in front of the washing tub and washing her hands.
	It seemed like Sky was waiting for Jenny.
	Jenny took a look at Sky and walked directly towards the washing basin to wash her hands, not caring about her.
	“You also see that Luke treated me in a special way.”
	“So what?” Jenny washed her hands and pulled out two sheets of paper to wipe her hands.
	“I advise you not to waste your youth. You have a long career path to go. What if you ruin it on your marriage? You should think about what else you can do if your marriage fails.”
	“Do you mean you did not waste your youth?”
	“We are different. I can give up my career and be Ms. Lu.”
	“What if your marriage fails?” Jenny looked at her and smiled.
	One should think about it before asking other people a question.
	“If it was me, I would not make my marriage fail.”
	How confident.
	Jenny smiled to her with some snort and walked towards the door, “Well? Then good luck.”
	“Wait...” Sky called her, “Don’t you really mind my messing around with Luke?”
	“Of course, I do.” Jenny turned around and looked at her, “Anyone who is Luke’s Fiancee will mind it.”
	“So, who do you think Luke will save if we two are in trouble at the same time?” Sky walked towards Jenny step by step. Her questions were more and more unreasonable.
	“Is this question meaningful?” Jenny stepped back.
	“You already have an answer in your mind, right?” Sky clutched Jenny’s hand suddenly, “You know that Luke does not love you. You are still kidnapping him with the child. Aren’t you afraid that it will not work some day?”
	Jenny frowned.
	What was called “it would not work some day”? It was obviously not right. Did Sky Song know something?
	“What do you want to say on earth?”
	“You should be clear about what I want to say. You should leave Luke, this is my suggestion to you, if you do not want me to tell him that you are actually not pregnant.”
	“You...”
	Coldness flashed in Sky’s eyes, as if she had removed a layer of mask and showed her most ferocious look.
	“I do not know what you are talking about.”
	Jenny got out of Sky Song’ hands suddenly, turned around and walked to the door.
	“Do you think Luke will still engage with you, if he knows this?”
	“I hate it most when others are intimidating me.” Although Jenny panicked, she knew that Sky Song did not dare leak the news that she was not pregnant. Even though she was not important, Lu Family’s face was very important. Sky Song would not risk it.
	Now that Sky Song wanted to please the Lu Family, she could not do anything to harm Lu Family.
	So she could only tell Luke if she was exasperated.
	But Jenny thought that Sky Song might know that the fake pregnancy was allowed by the Lu Family.
	When she walked out of the restroom, Jenny became kind of unhappy. She pulled her lips lightly and showed her dimples on her face. Then a slice of cunningness flashed in her eyes. She wanted to know how Luke would react after hearing the fake pregnancy.
	Looking at Jenny back, which showed that she did not care about it, Sky Song started to frown.
	This should not be her reaction. No matter how calm she was, she would not be so untouched when someone knew her secrets. But it was possible if someone allowed her to fake a pregnancy.
	When she thought about it, her head was a mess for a while.
	Thinking about what happened before, Sky Song suddenly became clear about the whole thing. A slice of malevolence began to appear in her eyes.
	Jenny, do you think that you are outwitting us with our own tricks?
	Jenny, you are underestimating other people.
