Come on Daddy!
https://s.swnovels.com/images/book/medium/book-1620805238.jpeg
To save her fiancé, she managed to give birth to a baby secretly. Unexpectedly, she was framed by her biological sister and was driven out by her family and her fiancé who just survived. Now, she comes back with a lovely child and a mysterious nominal husband. The husband protects her from being humiliated by Angelic bitch, love rat... “Mommy, daddy is doting on you!” says the lovely child, “Why not bringing me a little brother?”	
Chapter 1 Return the Favour with a Baby
	Rose Linder looked in the mirror and traced her soft and full lips with a lipstick.
	Beautiful, very beautiful.
	Her snow-white skin looked smooth and delicate under the shining light and her clear eyes were so enchanting that pulled people in at first glance. Together with her gorgeous red lips, Rose Linder made people want to kiss her.
	She looked at her perfect self in the mirror, and smiled with satisfaction.
	Squeezing the room key in her hand, suppressing her inner struggles, step by step, she walked to the presidential suite at the end of the hallway.
	Every time she took a step, she heard worried voices from everyone around her.
	“Rose, the doctor said that Sky was about to die. Considering that he once saved your life, you guys grew up together, and he is your fiancé, can you think of a way, Rose? You are the only one who can save him now……” Sky Tanner’s mother begged earnestly, her eyes swollen from crying.
	“Sister, if there is a child whose blood type is compatible with brother Sky, his umbilical cord blood can save Sky. This is the most stupid but the only way. But there’s no one with the same blood type, how can there be a child?” Sophie Linder were worried. “In case brother Sky……Sister, what are you going to do?”
	True. If something happened to Sky, what should Rose do? Who would bring her happiness?
	Plus, he saved her life. Now that his life was at stake, how could she sit by; she needed to return the favour.
	Rose stood in front of the presidential suite and took a deep breath for the third time. The person in the room was Bright Lee, someone with the same rare blood type as Sky Tanner.
	He came from a highly respectable family with a long history and was a man of position. He was the leader of HY Group, a corporation that controlled the lifeline of City J’s economy.
	Legend had it that this man was cold and harsh. Those who opposed him didn’t end up very well. There were even rumours that he went through hell to seize power and drove away his siblings to maintain his position. He was a man who could not be easily provoked.
	And how could such a person hurt himself to save others? If she wasn’t desperate, she would have never made such a bad move.
	She could no longer care about what consequences awaited her. Sky’s life was more important at the moment.
	Rose opened the door with the room key, walking in quietly while holding her breath to listen out for sounds.
	“Bump!”
	Hearing a noise coming from the direction of the master bedroom, she walked slowly over, and gently opened the door of the master bedroom. The bedside lamp was thrown onto the ground and the room was dark with a faint light.
	“Who’s there!” The man who sat by the edge of the bed braced his hand against the bedside table. His figure was slightly hunched over and his voice was sultry and hoarse.
	It seemed that the drug already caused a reaction in his body.
	Rose walked over gracefully, standing in front of the man, face to face with him.
	Rose saw Bright’s perfect face through the dim light reflected by the lamp that fell on the ground. His face was handsome as if he was favoured by God – high eyebrows, straight nose, and eyes as dark as the night and as deep as the sea, pulling people in involuntarily.
	Although his thick eyebrows were frowned, and his handsome face was covered with fine sweat, he appeared even more attractive.
	“Who’s there!” Bright Lee’s eyes still remained sharp. The look in his eyes was as sharp as a blade, making her so guilty that she did not dare to look directly.
	Even though he sat and looked up at Rose, who stood, the oppression in his nature remained strong.
	Rose gave a perfect smile. Her slender fingers unbuttoned the beige windbreaker, her red lips lifted lightly. “Someone who can help you.”
	As soon as she stopped talking, the windbreaker fell off, revealing a thin black lace suspender skirt inside. With a graceful figure, enchanting and sexy, and full of charm, Rose was a seductress.
	The way she was made Bright, who was already faltering due to the drug's effect, even more eager for sex.
	“Get out!” He looked away and groaned out from his throat.
	Rose ignored his order to leave. She bent over and leaned over, stroking his sexy and protruding larynx with her slender fingers, and spoke lightly. “Don't worry, I am clean.”
	Bright grabbed her finger and his face was cold. “I don't need it.”
	But the drug became stronger, savagely rampaging in his body. He found it hard to ignore the strange feeling inside.
	“You really don't need it?” Rose saw the change in Bright’s eyes, the darker the colour, the deeper the desire. “You’ll be very uncomfortable. I won’t pester you; I only need money to treat my relative. One million is enough.”
	She knew that a man with position and status like Bright was afraid of being pestered. She just wanted to show weakness, so he could let down his guard.
	Rose pursed her lips slightly, blowing air into Bright’s ear sockets, as if an electric shock ran across his cerebral cortex, as if a force that crushed what he held onto. Bright finally couldn’t resist.
	He rolled over and pressed Rose onto the soft big bed, no longer passive. He subdued the little woman who was playing with fire.
	Bright was like an awakened wolf, staring at the delicious person under him with extremely sharp eyes.
	In the dim light, her snowy skin was still white and reflective, shining like jade, like fine silk under his palm. He loved her figure so much he couldn’t stop.
	Rose felt like she was about to be taken apart and swallowed by him. At that moment, she even began to fear, but it was too late.
	The black lace dress was torn apart by Bright Lee, and the cool air crawled onto her exposed skin.
	Their figures intertwined with each other, lingering and graceful.
	She closed her eyes and accepted it in silence.
	When the pain came from her body, a tear escaped from the corner of her eye.
	Bright was also taken aback, she really was clean.
	Rose didn't sleep well the entire night. Bright was full of energy, enough to kill her.
	When she was drugging him, she was worried that the standard dose would not have an effect on Bright, so she added extra, but she didn’t expect to harm herself.
	After an indefinite period of time, he finally got up as if he was satisfied.
	“Take the pill.” Bright threw a pill on the bedside table, his voice indifferent. “Don't leave trouble behind.”
	Last night, Bright didn't wear a condom in the heat of the moment, but the hotel had contraceptives for emergency use.
	Rose calmly picked up the pill and swallowed with cold water.
	“Now take your money and leave, don't let me see you again.” His tone became colder, as if there was frost. “Otherwise, don’t blame me.”
	Bright finished speaking and went to the bathroom.
	After Rose heard the sound of water coming from the bathroom, she endured the soreness all over her body and forced herself to get up from bed. She quickly got dressed and grabbed the cheque from the bedside table and placed it in the pocket of the windbreaker before turning around to leave.
	After leaving Four Seasons Hotel, Rose spit out the contraceptive pill from under her tongue.
	She raised her hand and wiped the corners of her mouth, then sat in the taxi, feeling complicated. She could no longer force herself to remain normal, her eyes growing red.
	Her first time that she should have been preserved for her lover had been given to a stranger. She won’t ever be clean.
	Now she could only hope that this time she would become pregnant and save Sky’s life.
Chapter 2 He Can Finally Be Saved
	God seemed to have heard Rose’s prayer and brought her luck.
	After more than a month, her period didn’t come. After an examination, she learned that she was pregnant.
	She looked at the ultrasound report in her hand and as she looked at the small black spot, her eyes flushed with joy.
	Rose was very cautious after she became pregnant. She secluded herself, enduring loneliness until she was in labour.
	Pregnancy for ten months, and delivery in a day.
	Rose tried her best and delivered a baby weighing more than 22 pounds.
	The baby’s loud cry made Rose feel as if she saw hope. After a doctor’s examination, it was confirmed that the baby’s blood type was the same as Sky’s. Knowing that that the baby’s cord blood could be used, she completely forgot about the 12 hours of pain from childbirth and shed tears of excitement and joy on the spot.
	“Sky can finally be saved…”
	Afterward, Rose finally couldn’t bear the physical and mental fatigue, falling into a deep sleep.
	When she woke up, she was already on a bed in the ward, and a nurse approached and asked with a smile, “Miss Linder, are you awake? Is there anything I can help you with?”
	“Where’s my baby?” Rose glanced around but didn’t see her baby. Feeling worried, she tried to sit up.
	“Don’t worry. The baby is taking a bath and swimming.” The nurse helped place a pillow behind her thoughtfully.
	“Thank you.” Rose felt relieved.
	Although the birth of this baby was a last resort, there’s no tighter bond in the world than that between those connected by blood. Since she gave birth to him, she will love him.
	At this time, the door of the ward was pushed open, and then a cheerful voice came. “Sister, I'm here.”
	“Sophie?” Rose saw that it was Sophie Linder and smiled at her.
	Sophie Linder gave the nurse the flowers and fruits she had brought and headed toward the bed to accompany Rose. “I knew you missed me, I came.”
	“How sweet.” Rose looked at her sister gently.
	“Look at what I brought you. This is black-bone chicken soup. I heard old people say that women who recently gave birth have it to help their body.” Sophie poured the chicken soup into a bowl. “Sister, have more. You worked hard for brother Sky.”
	“Sophie, how is Sky? I want to see him.” Rose took a few sips of chicken soup.
	In order to not let anyone else know and give birth in secret, she didn’t see Sky for almost a year and didn’t return home either.
	“Sister, the doctor said that he will be performing an operation on him as soon as possible. Brother Sky will definitely get better. After his operation is successful, I will be the first to tell him that it was all because of you that he could get better. I’m also going to ask him to marry you as soon as possible so I can be a bridesmaid and become lucky as well.” Sophie took Rose’s hand, and her face was full of smile and looked very charming.
	Marriage? After giving birth to this child, would she and Sky still have a future together?
	Rose drank the chicken soup with her eyes down, hiding the gloom in her eyes.
	“Sister, you are still weak, so you have to rest properly. When you have recovered, I will personally pick you up to see Brother Sky. During this time, I will watch him for you, so please rest assured and don’t worry.” Sophie didn't notice the change in Rose and spoke happily.
	Rose stretched out and gently patted the back of Sophie’s hand. “Sophie, you have worked hard to take care of Sky.”
	“My pleasure. We are sisters, and I will be happy when you are happy. You are my only sister after all.”
	After 40 days of suffering and waiting, Rose could finally leave the private nursing center.
	But when Rose first came out of the side door of the facility with her baby, a large number of media reporters rushed up to surround her.
	The spotlight flashed continuously and the microphones in the reporters' hands were in front of her like spears.
	“Miss Linder, you disappeared during the year when Mr. Tanner was seriously ill, and now you have given birth in secret. Is this a big gift for Mr. Tanner who was discharged not long ago?” The reporter's words were full of sarcasm.
	“It is said that Miss Linder is lofty, but in fact her private life is very messed up. This child is the best proof.”
	“Miss Linder, you have an engagement with Mr. Tanner of the Tanner Group. You cheated on Mr. Tanner undoubtedly. Will he forgive you?”
	"Miss Linder, do you think there’s still hope for you to bring this child into the Tanner family?”
	“Miss Linder, who is the biological father of this child?”
	“Miss Linder is so bold and unrestrained. Probably she doesn’t know who the biological father of this child is either……hehe……”
	All types of sharp questions forced Rose to hold the baby in her arms tightly. Her face was pale.
	“This is my own business, and it has nothing to do with you. I don't have to tell you.”
	No one except Sophie knew about her pregnancy and childbirth. How could these reporters appear at this moment and expose everything?
	Rose pressed her lips tightly, her eyes filled with doubts. The more she thought about it, the colder she felt.
	“How many men Miss Elder Linder wanted to play with and how many children she wanted to have has nothing to do with us, but it has to matter for your fiancée Mr. Tanner.”
	At the same time, the crowd flocked to the other side. There was Sky Tanner, who was tall and didn't look as sick as before. Although he was still a bit pale, he seemed quite energetic.
	Eyes that were once full of tenderness towards Rose were now strangely cold. There was suppressed anger in those eyes.
	“Mr. Tanner, are you here to take Miss Linder home?”
	“Is your engagement still valid? Will you accept Miss Linder's illegitimate child?”
	Sky and Rose looked at each other across the crowd, with complicated and obscure looks.
	Rose just wanted to take a quiet look at him before leaving to see if he was well, but she didn't expect it to be in this situation.
	“Sky, can you listen to me?” Rose asked slightly, trying to explain for herself, and didn't want him to be embarrassed in front of everyone.
	“The truth is already there. Is there anything else to be made clear?” Seeing is believing. He would not take it as a lie. “Does the baby come from nowhere?”
Chapter 3 Get Them Back for Today’s Humiliation
	Rose held back her tears and couldn't deny the existence of this child. “Sky, I have my reason.”
	“Enough, I'm not interested, now listen to me.” Sky withdrew his gaze indifferently and the kindness that he had given her, leaving nothing but cruelty and chill. “I, Sky Tanner and Rose Linder break off our engagement. We will have no business to do with each other from now on.”
	Rose’s heart was torn in an instant. She stared at Sky, who was close at hand but made Rose feel as if they were already separated by an unmeasurable distance.
	“I’m going to take this opportunity to thank one person. She was the one who accompanied me while I was ill. She took care of me and encouraged me and treated me wholeheartedly.”
	When he said these words, Sky’s handsome face was obviously stained with tenderness. He was a totally different person from when he glanced at Rose with indifference.
	After Sky finished speaking, he opened the door of the car beside him, and stretched out his hand like a gentleman. A slender hand beautiful like jade was placed on his palm and was gently pulled out of the car.
	Sophie Linder, dressed in a light pink princess dress, was bright and beautiful, with jade-like skin and eyes that were clever as if they could talk. She smiled slightly, bright like flowers that bloomed in spring.
	She stood beside Sky, who was tall and handsome. She was petite and lovely, and two were a perfect match.
	“Sophie, thank you for staying true to me. Thank you for giving me a new life.” Sky knelt on one knee in front of everyone. “Sophie, marry me and be with me forever, okay?”
	Sky held the diamond ring in his hand. Under the sun, the diamond reflected colourful rays of light. The pure 6.6 grams of diamond made people envy.
	“Say yes, say yes…”
	“Marry him, marry him…”
	Sophie was touched, her eyes filled with crystal tears. She looked at Sky with affectionate eyes, but she did not nod.
	“Sophie, what's the matter? Are you unwilling?” Sky saw the hesitation and conflict in her eyes.
	“Brother Sky, I...Of course I would love to. But my sister loves you so much, I can't do that...” Sophie frowned and shook her head with worry. “Although she made a mistake, would you please give her a chance? Forgive her, you will be very happy.”
	“Sophie, you are innocent and kind.”
	Sky stood up. He held her fragrant shoulders with both hands, gentle and distressed. “It’s not that I didn’t give her a chance. It’s your sister who was cruel and left me! She disappeared when I needed her the most, and there was even...an illegitimate child! And the person who had been by my side to take care of me and accompany me is you. If it weren’t for you, I don’t think I would recover from illness!”
	“Brother Sky, I did everything willingly. But things weren’t easy for my sister.” Sophie still interceded for Rose, generous and kind.
	Rose looked at Sophie, who was innocent and harmless. She felt hurt and wanted to sneer inside.
	“Sophie, don't feel burdened, it's your sister who let me down first! I, Sky Tanner, can't accept such a cruel woman again!” Sky Tanner comforted Sophie Linder. “I just want to be with you now, Sophie. I like you, do you like me?”
	Sophie bit her lip and tears fell down her cheeks. She appeared charming and delicate.
	“Tell me, do you like me?”
	“Um... I like you, I like you a lot. But—”
	She turned to look at Rose who was a few meters away. “Sister, brother Sky likes me, and I like him too. Please let us be together.”
	“Sophie Linder, Sky Tanner, I wish you happiness and I wish you die soon.”
	“Sister, brother Sky finally recovered. Come at me with what you have, I’m not afraid of anything. I just beg that you do not say that to brother Sky……”
	“Sophie, don't beg her, she is not worthy!”
	Slap.
	Rose was slapped loudly and so hard that there were even red finger marks on her face.
	“You have done such a shameful thing, and you cursed your sister so viciously! Why did our Linder family give birth to someone so vile! You have made the Linder family lose all of its face!” Chandler Linder also rushed over after hearing the sound, and when he heard those horrible words, he couldn’t help but become angry.
	“Rose, you didn’t cherish Sky, so don't blame Sophie for getting Sky’s love. She’s your sister…yet you can say those things to her? Are you trying to piss us off?” Mother Joy Young blamed her frustrated daughter.
	“Dad, mom, why are you here too...” Sophie blushed and spoke in a coquettishness tone.
	“If we are not here, who’s going to help you?” Chandler looked at Rose angrily, so much that he wished he could choke her. “Don’t worry. No matter what she says, dad won’t believe her. Both dad and mom support you being together with Sky. As for this bastard, she has nothing to do with our Linder family from now on!”
	“Dad, sister, she needs us the most now. She just lost her mind and made a mistake. We should help her.” Sophie “kindly” persuaded her parents.
	“Help her? She abandoned herself and left her morals behind. No one can help her!” Chandler snorted, then patted Sophie on the shoulder and spoke lovingly. “Fortunately, Sophie didn't disappoint dad and mom. Knowing that you’ll be together with Sky in the future, we feel at ease as your parents.”
	“Yes, it is impossible for our Tanner family to accept such a shameless woman! She is not even worthy of being Sky’s servant!” At the same time, the father of the Tanner family, Sam Tanner, arrived and also chose Sophie. “Sophie, you are our Tanner family’s daughter-in-law. If you hadn't worked so hard for Sky, he wouldn't be standing in front of us so healthily now.”
	But May Rolling, the mother of the Tanner family, just frowned heavily, and looked at Rose’s cold and beautiful face and the child in her arms in disbelief, and finally looked away.
	Rose felt that she had fallen into a vortex of despair, and her body and mind were torn apart.
	“Sophie, I really need you.” Sky pulled Sophie close and sealed his words with a kiss.
	Sophie widened her beautiful eyes in shock, but gradually relaxed under Sky’s kiss, lingering with him.
	Rose tried his best to endure the soreness in her eyes and the tears that began to emerge. She would not cry in front of the enemy!
	She bit her lip, and the tip of her tongue was filled with the smell of blood and sweetness – the taste of being betrayed by the most loved one.
	The current situation was what Sophie had schemed a long time ago. Even if she had her reasons, she couldn’t explain herself and no one would believe her.
	Her own biological parents determined that she was no longer worthy of the Tanner family because she had a child before marriage. They abandoned her and decided to help their pure and noble younger daughter maintain her engagement and a relationship with the Tanner family.
	They never wanted the truth. They only wanted a pawn.
	Even though she was defeated at the moment, her eyes were still full of firmness, without any sign of weakness.
	Rose sneered in her heart, watching them being happily together yet she suffered in embarrassment. She swore that she would one day get them back for today’s humiliation.
Chapter 4 Her Little Angel
	At Simcoe Manor in City J, Bright Lee changed his clothes and stepped out. His assistant Bill Newman waited respectfully for his orders with his head dipped.
	He sat down at the dining table and enjoyed the food in a graceful manner, so pleasing to the eye.
	But there was no expression on his handsome face, and the air around him was terribly quiet. “Bill Newman, it's been a few months, and you couldn’t even find a woman. Are you capable or not?” Bright rubbed the rim of the milk mug with delicate fingers.
	At this moment, Bright’s magnetic voice sounded like a magical charm in Bill Newman’s ears that he could only feel chilly.
	“President, that woman used a fake identity to work in the hotel for a period of time. She has always been alone. I heard that she is a foreigner, and she was manipulated the surveillance footage that night, so…” Bill Newman didn’t dare to say more and waited silently for Bright’s punishment.
	Bright didn’t speak and there was no trace of joy or anger on his stern face. He only slowly drank the milk.
	After he came out from the shower that day, he was all refreshed, and the woman who had a one-night stand with him disappeared along with the cheque.
	But the dark red plum blossom on the white sheets was very eye-catching, reminding him that it wasn’t a dream.
	Her youthfulness and beauty made him crazy and unable to suppress himself. He was tempted and just wanted to indulge into her body. He couldn't help but miss the beauty of that night.
	Because the lights were dim, he could only remember that her garish face.
	Bright shook his head. What was wrong with him?
	He was infatuated with a stranger, a woman who dared to involve him in her scheme!
	He snorted, wearing a somewhat self-deprecating smile.
	It was just that this woman who dared to scheme...should pay a price.
	Bright squinted his eyes slightly, and his hostility became deeper and heavier...
	Bill felt that he was about to faint because of the pressure.
	“Pres...President, if I don’t find this woman...I will go to Africa.” Bill clenched his fists, determined to achieve his goal.
	He couldn’t let a woman damage his record of being capable; it would simply be a shame for him.
	Hearing him, Bright slowly looked up, and his deep-cold vision fell on Bill.
	The look was cold and fierce like a cold blade that had cut Bill to pieces.
	Bright gently placed the milk mug down and said lightly, “there’s no need.”
	Bill was surprised and looked up at his wise boss...Did he just hallucinate? Or did the president think he is useless?
	“President, give me another chance. If I can't complete the task, I will accept any type of punishment.” Bill was firm.
	Bright gave him a cold look. “I said no. Get out to get prepared. We’ll be leaving for the company in five minutes.”
	By then, Bill finally felt relieved and heaved a sigh of relief.
	There was actually another reason he wanted to find the woman from that night. He now needed an obedient wife.
	Since she needed money, problems could be solved with money. He didn’t need feelings in the relationship; feelings could become troublesome. A contractual marriage based on common benefits would not become a burden once they separated. And so, he first thought of that woman…
	Time flew by and five years passed.
	At the Four Seasons Hotel in City J, Rose got up at seven in the morning and did a final check on the materials and documents she was going to use during the day.
	At the moment, her phone rang, and Rose picked up the video call. A lovely, white, and cute baby appeared on the screen. With thick and curled eyelashes and pink jelly lips, the little girl was beautiful like a doll.
	“Mommy, good morning.” The little girl waved hello to Rose, smiling sweetly.
	“Baby, good morning, too. Mom will be leaving in ten minutes. Make sure to eat and sleep well. I’ll be picking you up once I’m back. Remember to listen to what aunt Jane says.” Rose spoke gently and lovingly.
	Because of a business trip, she gave her daughter to her friend Jane Smith, who happened to be the teacher at her daughter’s kindergarten. It was quite convenient for Jane Smith to give her daughter a ride.
	“Mom can rest assured to make money, and Doris will be well-behaved to not let mom worry. Just don't work too hard mom, Doris will be worried.” The five-year-old Doris made a little heart shape with her hands. “I miss you every day, mom.”
	“Mom misses you too.” Rose felt warmed, and her eyes were red.
	After being kicked out of the Linder family by her parents for five years, she took her daughter back to City Y in which she had been schooled years ago. Mother and daughter depended on each other and started a new life.
	However, Doris was too sensible and knew that it was hard for Rose to both work and raise a child, so she rarely cried and instead gave her comfort and encouragement. She was so thoughtful that made Rose feel bad.
	Rose never regretted giving birth to Doris, at least she still had a family and a home, so her daughter was her little angel.
	At 8:20, Rose left the hotel and went to HY Group with her assistant.
	She worked at YM Group, the largest design company in City Y. Competition was fierce within the company.
	Rose never dared to slack off during her four years of working at YM Group. She always worked much harder than others. With her skills and talent, she was rated as the Excellent Designer of the Year for three consecutive years. She was promoted with her salary increased.
	The biggest project at the beginning of the year was the theatre invested and constructed by HY Group in City J. Naturally, YM Group would not miss this great opportunity to cooperate with HY Group.
	Rose was selected by the design director William Quinn to participate in the project as the lead designer. The amount of trust and encouragement placed in her made it is natural for some to become jealous.
	This time William Quinn was supposed to go to City J with her to discuss their cooperation, but before leaving, he was in a car accident and was admitted to the hospital, so Rose could only bring an assistant with her. It was also time to prove her abilities, let alone let down Director Quinn’s expectations and care.
	Standing in front of the majestic office building of HY Group, Rose felt complicated. She had been hiding for five years, but now she was going to bring herself in front of him.
	She only hoped that she would not meet Bright, after all, vice president David Hank was the one solely responsible for the theatre project.
	Afterward, she heard that Bright Lee had already departed on a business trip to the United States, and he wouldn’t return for a few days. This news couldn’t be any better.
	On the third day, the reception assistant of HY Group took Rose and her assistant to the upper floor. As soon as the elevator door opened, she stepped out.
	Walking all the way to the meeting room, she unexpectedly met Bright, who walked towards her. Rose almost twisted her foot on the spot.
	This was simply a bolt from the blue!
	The tall and handsome Bright walked in the forefront and was a natural source of attraction.
	With a pair of straight eyebrows and eyes as deep as the abyss, as if there was ink flowing inside, just a glance made people attracted to him.
	He was at least six foot tall. The luxurious black suit together with the classic white shirt exposed his figure perfectly. As he walked, his aristocratic demeanor showed and with straight long legs, he was simply attractive.
	Rose and her assistant followed HY Group’s reception assistant and stepped aside.
	“Hello president Lee.”
	Bright just nodded imperceptibly but didn't stop.
	Rose was so nervous when he passed by that she was stuck directly to the wall, and she didn't even dare to breathe. She looked down in fear that Bright would recognize her.
	Fortunately, he didn't notice her and left in strides.
	When Bright swept a glance with the corner of his eyes, she secretly heaved a sigh of relief and continued to follow the reception assistant.
	“Stop.” After taking no more than two steps, a familiar voice came from behind her.
	The voice sounded as good as it did five years ago, sultry and hoarse.
	But it made Rose tremble, and her palms became sweaty.
Chapter 5 Mrs. Lee on the Marriage Certificate
	“You turn around.” Bright’s gaze fell on Rose’s stiff back.
	Rose frowned deeply. She didn’t move and was still struggling.
	“Miss Linder, president Lee is calling for you.” The reception assistant reminded Rose.
	Rose screamed “it’s over” in her heart, then slowly turned around, facing Bright’s direction, but her eyes still down on the floor. She didn't dare to look directly at him.
	She felt guilty, so guilty that both of her legs were weak.
	“Hold up your head.” Bright stared at Rose, but his tone was gentle with a commanding that others couldn’t disobey.
	Rose then looked up, but across Bright at somewhere else.
	As long as she didn’t look at his magical eyes, she would be less afraid.
	Rose had a beautiful and pure face, with her eyes bright and attractive, and her lips like cherry blossoms. Her silky hair was tied into a low pony talk, appearing clean and capable.
	A tailored women’s black suit, pencil trousers that accentuated her beautiful legs, and white high heels...This woman appeared elegant from head to toe.
	“Mr. Lee, what's the matter?” Rose tried to relax herself and behaved naturally.
	“Who are you?” Bright’s eyes narrowed slightly.
	When he passed by her, he felt a familiar feeling coming from her body.
	“I am Rose Linder, a senior designer in the design department of City Y’s YM Group. Today I am here to speak with Mr. Hank of HY Group about the theatre design project.” Rose calmly introduced herself and the purpose of her trip.
	“Rose...” Bright’s dark eyes flashed a bit of playfulness, savouring the name carefully.
	But Rose felt a trace of heat on her face because of how intimately he called her name. Her heart swayed uneasily.
	She breathed deeply in her heart, hoping Bright would not recognize her.
	After all, the lights were dim on that night five years ago, and because of the drug, he could not see her very clearly.
	And she put on heavy make-up, so he wouldn’t think that the garish woman from five years ago was the same person as the professional woman she was now, right?
	“Miss Linder, have we met before?” Bright looked at Rose up and down.
	Rose was startled, a trace of panic flashed in her eyes.
	“President Lee, I have been living in City Y. This is my first time in City J. Besides, how could a person of position like president Lee have met an ordinary person like me. You must be mistaken.” Rose hid the past and smiled slightly.
	“Really?” Bright raised an eyebrow lightly. “It seemed that I remembered wrong.”
	Rose stood in place, very anxious, just wanting to end this episode as soon as possible. “If there isn’t anything else president Lee needed, then we’ll be heading to the meeting.”
	“Miss Linder, I look forward to the cooperation.” Bright’s thin lips raised an inscrutable smile, which made his handsome face even more eye-catching and compelling.
	Rose was a little stunned at that moment, but quickly calmed down. “President Lee, please advise.”
	When Bright turned around and walked away with his long legs, Rose relaxed, and she couldn't help but stretch her hand to pinch her chest tightly. Her back was full of cold sweat.
	The two-minute conversation with Bright made her feel as if she had just fought a tough battle that she was exhausted physically and mentally.
	Bright retrieved his glance from Rose’s back, and came David’s joking voice. “Bright, Miss Linder is your type?”
	From school to now, he had never seen his friend Bright’s eyes stay on a woman for more than three seconds. There was something fishy for sure.
	Bright’s gaze only swept across David’s curious face. “You are overthinking it.”
	David Hank, “…”
	Bright passed by David, and went all the way back to the president's office, sitting behind the oversized rosewood desk.
	He pulled open the bottom drawer on the right and took out two red marriage certificates from it. The certificates had been in his office for more than two years. He only looked at them two years ago and never looked at them again.
	Now they were still as brand new and bright as they were when he received three years ago.
	Bright flipped opened one of the marriage certificates with his long fingers. The column for the certificate holder read Rose Linder, and the column for spouse read Bright Lee.
	The woman in the photo had a simple ponytail, her face was clean and pure, and her simple white shirt looked very elegant, but it was hard to hide her outstanding qualities.
	The man next to her was also in a white shirt, his handsome face was indifferent, and he looked detached from the woman.
	Indeed, this wedding photo was a photoshopped product.
	He didn't even show up to get the certificate; his friends did it for him.
	He was in a car accident and injured his leg and was resting in the hospital, but it was imperative to obtain the certificate, so he had to have a friend help me through video.
	“Rose Linder, so you are the Mrs. Lee who I have never met before.”
	Bright picked up the phone and dialed a number. “Harry, guess who I saw today.”
	The friend Harry Faulkner on the other end of the phone was taken back. “Who? The daughter of the Jin family who came back from studying abroad? She came to pester you again?”
	“It's Mrs. Lee.” Bright leaned against the back of the chair, and lightly pressed the edge of the table with one hand, but his eyes did not leave the marriage certificate.
	“…” Harry was stunned for a second and then suddenly realized. “Lee, I almost forgot about it if you didn't tell me. Did she come to find you? Impossible. Ah, she didn't even know that the person who married her was you. And she seems know her place, otherwise I wouldn’t have helped you choose her back then.”
	Only because Bright’s stepmother gained a firm foothold in Lee’s family and made quite a lot of moves in recent years. Bright had to get married to get shares in the family. But he wouldn’t marry the woman his father and stepmother chose, he was looking out for qualified woman himself.
	Unexpectedly, Harry introduced the desperate Rose him.
	She needed money and Bright needed a contract wife. After three years, she could be free. The only requirement was to abide by the contract, and they would once again become strangers.
	Everything went so smoothly, and all the procedures were handled by Harry, so Bright’s knowledge of this nominal wife was limited to the name and photo on the marriage certificate.
	“She is a designer of YM Group and came to talk about work today.” Bright did not expect to meet his nominal wife in his company.
	“How does it feel to have your wife talk to you about work?” Harry chuckled, joking with Bright.
	“Her level is not enough for me to personally receive her.” Bright replied with much arrogance.
	“Yes, anyway, two months and it’ll be three years. It is better not to have unnecessary conflicts before the divorce.”
	Harry thought that it was better to avoid trouble.
	“Yeah.” Bright disconnected from the line.
	Rose Linder…
	Mrs. Lee...
Chapter 6 She attracted Romantic Interest
	Rose met with David to discuss work for three days, and her outstanding performance made David see her in a new light.
	“No wonder Miss Linder was appointed as the chief designer by Mr. Quinn. You are young and promising.” David had an outstanding appearance and outstanding work ability. “See you in City Y then.”
	“Mr. Hank, you are welcome to visit and advise.” Rose shook hands politely with him.
	“Miss Linder probably hasn’t relaxed for three days since coming to City J. I happened to have a cocktail party to attend tonight, and I was missing a female companion. How about Miss Linder join me and give me the opportunity to welcome you.” David smiled charmingly; his eyes filled with sincerity.
	Rose only hesitated for a second, and then nodded. “Thank you, Mr. Hank.”
	She was not a person who liked to join in the fun, but if she refused David’s invitation just after they reached an agreement would make her suspicious of using him to her benefit. She could only agree.
	“It’s my honour.” David was personable and raised his hand to look at the watch on his wrist. “There are still three hours before the party. Why don't we pick a dress first and then do the make up?”
	“Then I’ll do what you say.” Rose chuckled lightly, her beautiful eyebrows stretched softly, making people extraordinarily comfortable.
	Afterward, they proceeded with the preparation and arrived at the venue of the party – City J Intercontinental Garden Hotel – before seven.
	HY Group had a great reputation. As soon as the vice president David Hank arrived at the scene, everyone greeted him and engaged in small talk. Rose’s appearance beside him made many City J upper classes quite curious.
	Rose has never liked this kind of banquet where people of power sought to build connections and played up to each other. She took quietly beside Hank and smiled lightly.
	After David had dealt with those people, he took her to the long buffet table and picked up a gold-rimmed white porcelain plate. “Not used to it?”
	Rose also relaxed when she stayed away from the crowd. “It's fine.”
	“You are probably quite hungry, right? Have some food first.” Hank picked up a small triangular mousse cake. The cake had a bright red cherry blossom on top. “Do you like this one?” He asked thoughtfully.
	“I’ll help myself, Mr. Hank.”
	Tao said thoughtfully, "Do you like this?" "Mr. Hank, I can do it myself." Rose was a little “overwhelmed” and reached out to take the plate.
	“Miss Linder, why don’t I call you Rose, and you can call me David.” David smiled slightly with his eyes flickering brightly.
	Rose nodded, unable to refuse.
	“Just give me the chance to serve a beauty.” David also picked up some fruits before handing the plate to Rose.
	“Thank you.” Rose took the plate and saw him grab a glass of red wine while also handing a glass of Champaign to her.
	They chatted for a while before there was a commotion by the door. Bright Lee came.
	He still wore a classic yet simple white shirt and black suit. He was tall with a burgundy tie and a silk pocket square, his charming facial features were further enhanced.
	The man’s eyes lifted slightly. His deep eyes were dark and sharp, calm like a mirror, but deep like the sea.
	Rose was a few meters away from him, but still couldn't ignore his oppressive force. She frowned lightly. All she wanted to do was hide.
	But David’s lazy voice rang in her ears. “He is the president of HY Group, Bright Lee. I will introduce you to him later.”
	“No…it’s fine.” Rose lowered her thick long eyelashes as naturally as possible to conceal her panic.
	“Are you afraid of him?” David raised his eyebrows lightly.
	Rose smiled and shook her head, taking a bite of the mousse cake before replying slowly. “I met Mr. Lee this morning.”
	“Oh... he is just pretending, with a face as cold as an iceberg, trying to act cool. He thinks he’s handsome, but he doesn’t know there are more people in the company with a crush on me than on him.” David was quite proud.
	While they chatted, Bright had already slowly walked over with a wine glass. His appeared graceful and elegant.
	Rose watched him walking step by step. Her eyes became wide open, and her heart resisted in every possible way.
	“Miss Linder, we meet again.” Bright’s tone was as sweet as a magnetic and calm cello.
	“Mr. Lee, hello.”
	Why was she greeting him as if he was old?
	Even if Rose narrowed her gaze, she could still feel his scrutinizing gaze, making her very uncomfortable.
	“Mr. Hank, how about you guys chat and I'll go out to get some air.” As soon as he came, she felt suffocated.
	After she finished speaking, her cell phone rang, and the only person who would call her at this time was her baby girl Doris.
	And when the call came, Rose heaved a sigh of relief. “Sorry, I'm going to answer a call.”
	“Wait Rose.” David stopped her. “You have some mousse on the corner of your lips.”
	He picked up a tissue and tried to wipe it off for her, but Rose reached out and pinched the tissue. “No, it’s fine, I will do it myself.”
	David let go and Rose quickly wiped off the mousse, and nodded with a smile before turning away. Today, Rose wore a nude-colored dress, dotted with shiny gold threads. The gauze was soft like water and clouds. Under the warm light, she was beautiful like a fairy.
	David was in a white suit, elegant and confident, inexplicably matching Rose.
	“You brought her to this banquet...you want to chase her?” Bright slowly retracted his gaze from Rose’s back, and his gaze fell on David’s face.
	“Men naturally go after fair ladies. You know my old man has been urging me to get a girlfriend and get married. Doesn’t hurt to try.” David took a sip of the wine, showing signs of helplessness.
	“Aren’t you afraid that she has a boyfriend or is already married?” Bright put one hand in his trouser pocket elegantly and gently shook the wine in his other hand while asking casually.
	“She is so young and cares so much about work. She definitely doesn't.” David believed he was right in his guts. “A woman with a boyfriend or husband won’t work this hard. Plus, she never dated these years. Isn't it an obvious sign of being single?”
	“Good luck, then.” Bright stretched out and patted his shoulder. He smiled, but with a trace of playfulness.
	“Cheers!” David clinked his glass against Bright’s.
	Bright drank the wine in the glass and placed it down. He then turned and left.
	He pulled his thin lips as he walked. He underestimated how charming Mrs. Lee, his wife in name only, was that she attracted David’s romantic interest.
	She was single?
	That would happen after they divorce three months later.
	Before that, she was his – Bright Lee’s – legal wife.
	Since she hinted to David that she was alone, was she thinking about finding someone else after the divorce?
	This woman appeared innocent, yet her nature was hard-to-get?
	Should he play his role as her husband and do his duty to remind her that she was married...
Chapter 7 Her Knight to the Rescue
	Rose sat on a European-style bench next to the flower bushes by the swimming pool, making a video call with her daughter.
	“Mommy, you are so beautiful today, like a fairy.” Doris saw that Rose was particularly beautiful today and her eyes were filled with surprise.
	My baby girl's mouth must be smeared with honey.
	“Mommy, are there a lot of handsome uncles at the banquet?”
	The little angel held up her pink cheeks lightly with both hands and blinked her big curious eyes. Rose suddenly had a bad feeling in her gut.
	“Mommy, I’m not trying to criticize you. You should take this opportunity to find someone rich and handsome so you can marry into a wealthy family. Then you’ll be in a better position and you don't have to work so hard anymore.” Doris began to help her mother plan out her life. “Plus, you don’t know how to take care of herself. I can't control what you do anyway, so it's better to find a husband to take care of you.”
	“…” Rose was amused as she listened to her daughter speak like a little adult. “It's enough for mommy to have you. You can take care of mommy when you grow up.”
	She really didn't think about a relationship. She just wanted to make more money while she was young, so she and her daughter would have something to rely on in the future.
	“Mommy, I will marry the eldest brother of Burning Boys in the future, so I won’t have time to take care of you.” Doris gave Rose the cold-shoulder.
	Doris was a fan of the Burning Boys group. She liked the eldest Dougie Gallagher among the three the most. She was a hardcore fan.
	“…” Rose did not know what to say. “Then you can take care of me together.”
	“No, brother Dougie has a lot of work to do. He’s very busy and works very hard.” Doris refused without hesitation.
	“…” Was this her biological daughter?
	“Mommy, I'm going to watch brother Dougie’s show, don't forget to find a husband.” Doris sent a kiss across the screen and disappeared.
	Rose smiled, only her daughter could make her smile from her heart.
	The swimming pool was surrounded by trees and bamboos, and it was very quiet.
	She looked up to admire the deep night sky. The scattered stars in the middle of the night were shining and charming like diamonds.
	“Are you Rose?" Suddenly, a terrifying voice came, breaking the rare tranquility.
	Rose opened her eyes and saw a beautiful woman two meters away. A white flat-shoulder dress elongated her slender body, but the anger on her face destroyed the beauty of her body. “Does this young lady need anything?” Rose stood up gracefully and calmly.
	“Do you know who I am?” The woman asked arrogantly.
	“Does this have anything to do with me?” Rose asked gently.
	“…” The woman didn’t get the response she wanted, and her expression instantly turned very ugly.
	The woman gritted her teeth unwillingly. “I know Bright and David. Don't you want to know what my relationship is with them?”
	“Sorry, I'm really not interested.” Rose chose to turn away as the woman provoked her for no reason.
	She turned and walked away gracefully.
	The woman stepped forward to block her way and stated her identity. “I am Tiana Simpson, the daughter of City J’s Simpson family. I call Bright my brother and David my boyfriend. Please behave yourself, Miss Linder.”
	“Mr. Hank and I are only cooperating for a project.”
	“You little designers use work as an excuse and are the best at using the opportunity to find a man and marry into a rich family.” Tiana scoffed with a laugh, looking down on women like them.
	“Then let Mr. Hank come to explain to Miss Simpson.” Rose took out her mobile phone from her silver handbag to call David.
	“You think I would give you the chance to complain!” Tiana no longer smiled and slapped Rose’s face.
	Rose was not afraid. She became even calmer and raised her hand to hold Tiana’s wrist. “Miss Simpson, there is a line to being unreasonable!” Rose said in a deep tone.
	Tiana was stunned by Rose’s sharp eyes, but she was unwilling to let go.
	When she withdrew her right hand forcibly, her left hand reached out to Rose secretly and pushed her hard.
	Behind Rose was the swimming pool. As she lost her balance and fell straight back, she grabbed Tiana’s hand and dragged her down together.
	Thump!
	A splash and ripples cut the pool’s surface.
	Bright, who was heading over, heard the loud sound of people falling into water. He speeded up his steps and came to the swimming pool. With the soft light from the edge of the pool, he saw Rose and Tiana, who had both fallen into the water, struggled in the pool.
	“Brother Bright, save me...” Tiana noticed Bright standing by the pool.
	With a cold face, Bright quickly took off his suit jacket and black leather shoes. With an elegant dive that drew a graceful parabola in the air, he fell into the water.
	He was like a sailfish slashing through the waves. Tiana smiled triumphantly at Bright, who was swimming towards her.
	But Bright swam to Rose’s side, grabbed her long arms, and held onto her slender waist. “Hold onto me.”
	His eyes were deeper and darker than the night.
	She put her arms around his neck lightly. As they became close, she could feel the firm muscle under his shirt and his masculine strength.
	In the night of early spring, the water in the pool was very cold, and he was scorching hot, staining her pale pink cheeks with colour.
	After getting on the ground, Rose consciously let go and backed away, keeping her distance. “Thank you, Mr. Lee.”
	Bright looked at Rose, who was soaked in water, and saw that she as elegant and pure like a lotus. Her watery apricot eyes looked tender and delicate.
	Her close-fitting dress was moist and semi-permeable, drawing out her graceful curves. He didn't expect that a thin and tall woman like her would have the curves – full breasts, thin waist, white skin, and long legs.
	Seeing her cherry lips turn blue, he picked up the suit jacket on the ground and put it on her shoulders.
	His gentleness and considerateness made Rose feel complicated. She didn't know how to face him.
	“Are you okay?” Bright raised his hand and brushed off the excess water on his dark hair.
	“Yeah.” Rose nodded lightly.
	Seeing Rose easily get Bright attention and thinking that Bright didn’t spare her a single glance, Tiana was so angry that she gritted her teeth.
	“Brother Bright, save me... Ah, I'm choking...” Tiana yelled, trying to attract Bright’s attention.
	“I don't have a sister.” Bright’s eyes fell on Tiana, who was struggling on the water. His eyes were deep and cold. “You dare to pretend to be my sister. Can you handle the consequences?”
	Tiana felt despair spread from the bottom of her feet to the top of her head.
	“Mr. …Lee. This woman not only seduced David, but she also wanted to get close to you. You can't be fooled by this woman.”
	Bright ignored Tiana’s slander. Instead, he spoke to Rose. “Let's go.”
	They didn't take more than a few steps before they ran into a security guard. “Someone fell into the water. You know what to do.”
	The security guard nodded and ran to rescue Tiana, but she had already fallen into a semi-conscious state.
	The security guard patted her face twice, yelled twice without responding, and performed cardiopulmonary resuscitation and artificial respiration for her...
	Until a figure moved towards her with the peach blossom eyes shining brightly in the night did Tiana show signs of recovery. “Is she awake?”
	Tiana blinked weakly, and she was greeted by a familiar face. She smiled happily. “David, did you save me?”
Chapter 8 Does Miss Linder Have a Husband?
	David stood against light. The contours of his face were further enhanced with contrast between the light and the shadow.
	He stepped back, and the light fell on the drenched security guard behind him. “Miss Simpson, you should thank him, otherwise you would have died.”
	Tiana looked at the security guard with her eyes wide open and her mind blank. She froze for a while before she shouted in disbelief. “Impossible! I don't believe it!”
	A hint of snicker flashed across David’s eyes. “Would what I saw with my own eyes be fake?”
	Tiana looked up at the smiling David. He did not seem to smile from the heart, making him look aloof.
	“No... no way!” Tiana was unwilling to accept the reality, and tears filled her eyes.
	David did not sympathize with Tiana at all. He leaned sideways and spoke to the security guard. “Come and tell her.”
	“Miss Simpson, it was me.” The soaked clothes of the security guard was enough to explain. “I also did artificial respiration to help you—”
	“Stop talking!” Tiana covered her ears.
	When she thought of her chest and lips being touched by the security guard, and even being seen by David, she became homicidal.
	“Get out, get out of here!” Tiana yelled at the security guard with pain in her chest.
	David gave the security guard a knowing nod, and the latter left.
	David didn't stay very long either and turned to leave.
	Tiana’s questioning tone sounded in the night. “Why didn’t you stop him? Why wasn’t it you? Why are you doing this to me?”
	David stopped. His tall figure was even more handsome under the moonlight.
	He didn't look back and replied indifferently. “You did this to yourself. You can't blame anyone.”
	“I can’t?” Tiana got up and stared at his back. “That Rose isn’t a good person. You brought her here to the banquet, yet she left with brother Bright! She’s just using you as a steppingstone!”
	David turned around, half-leaning, narrowed his peach blossom-like eyes, and listened quietly without talking.
	Tiana thought her words had been heard by David and stepped forward two steps and continued. “David, only I care about you with all my heart. And we also dated each other under the witness of both parents. Uncle Hank and auntie are also satisfied with me and agree with me being your girlfriend.”
	Tiana tried to stretch her hand to hold onto his arm so they could get closer to each other, but David smiled and avoided her. “There are so many people who went on blind dates with me. Who didn’t my parents like? Were they all my girlfriend? I do like beautiful women, but I can’t bear with there being too many, so I ask Miss Simpson to stop acting like David’s girlfriend. Please behave yourself.”
	David left without looking back after speaking. The warm yellow light plated on his body, leaving a hazy glow.
	Tiana stood there, her hands were clenched tightly and her palms were sore.
	David didn't have any interest in staying anymore. He left the banquet and called Bright as soon as he got in the car.
	“How is Rose? Is she okay?”
	Bright called and told him that Rose was being “bullied” by Tiana.
	He had tolerated with Tiana for a long time, and this time it was a lesson for her.
	“Very good.” Bright glanced at Rose, who sat in the back seat. She was wiping her wet hair with a towel.
	“You send her back to the hotel—”
	“That's all. I’m hanging up.”
	Bright ended the call, not giving David a chance to care about Rose.
	Rose’s long wet hair lay lazily like seaweed, making her skin appear white as snow.
	Clear and translucent pupils, lanceted eyebrows, slender eyelashes trembling, delicate lips slightly open like rose petals, charming but not self-aware.
	Rose saw that Bright had finished the call before she spoke. “Mr. Lee, this road doesn’t look like it heads to Four Seasons Hotel...If you are busy, I’ll take a cab back to the hotel.”
	“Miss Linder is here to talk about cooperation?” Bright turned his gaze, his eyes naturally falling on Rose face.
	“Yes.” Rose pursed her lips slightly and nodded.
	“As far as I know, there are many companies that came to HY Group to discuss about cooperating on City J Theater. YM Group is just one of them, and even though it has certain advantages, the decision maker of the project is still me.” Bright chatted naturally but his tone was suggestive, making Rose feel more pressure.
	What did he mean?
	Was he going to do things to her?
	What kind of beauty hadn’t he seen? She should not be able to pique his interest, right?
	“If Miss Linder is here to talk about cooperation, shouldn't it be me who should be the target to please? Now this opportunity is placed in front of Miss Linder, Miss Linder is unmoved, why?” He raised his handsome eyebrows slightly and looked at her for an instant.
	Rose tried her best to meet his gaze, determined to keep her face calm and calm.
	“Mr. Lee, I ...”
	Bright put his fingers on his thin lips and made a shush gesture, motioning her not to speak.
	“Let me guess.”
	Rose’s heart was gripped by that uneasy feeling. Getting along with Bright was nothing short of torture, driving her crazy, but she dared not offend him.
	“Miss Linder has a boyfriend?”
	Rose shook her head. How could she have any mood and time to get a boyfriend.
	“Then...she is married and has a husband.”
	Rose was startled. Her beautiful eyes lightly opened.
	Only the Mr. Faulkner and her friend Jane knew about her marriage. There couldn’t be a third person.
	How did Bright guess right?
	It was just a contractual marriage, not considered a real marriage. After three months, three years of time would be up, and they would get divorced and become free again.
	Should she admit it or not?
	Rose’s mind was chaotic. Bright was very close to her at this time, and the car was filled with his aura – the kind of faint, nice-smelling ocean-like freshness, restrained, but ubiquitous.
	It reminded Rose of the night five years ago, when she was crushed on the bed by this seemingly indifferent but passionate man, who tossed around that she almost fell apart. She had only endured such craziness once in her life.
	Before she knew it, her fair face was dyed with a light blush, and her ears were hot.
	How could she think of that? Besides, the protagonist was right by her side, how could she think about it.
	Bright also noticed her strangeness. Her white skin was pink and moist, her eyebrows were lowered , she was pure and gentle, inexplicably making people want to pamper her.
	“Is it hot?” Bright’s voice at this moment sounded seducing.
	Rose shook her head quickly to stop her thoughts from running wildly and changed the subject. “Mr. Lee, please stop the car.”
	Bright did not seem to have heard her request and continued with the sensitive topic. “Miss Linder has not answered my question. Are you married and do you have a husband?”
Chapter 9 Please Respect Me
	Rose really wanted to cry. Why didn't he forget about it? What did he want to do?
	“That…” Rose thought for a moment. Since the other party asked for hidden marriage, then he didn't want others to know, so... “No.”
	“Really?” Bright asked if nothing happened, but his eyes gradually sharpened.
	Didn’t the spouse column on the marriage certificate state his name? She denied it when he was right in front of her.
	Even though it was just a contractual marriage where they had nothing to do with each, even though she would be free in less than three months, he was still her husband in name.
	For some reason, Rose felt that Bright’s tone was very cold and the air pressure in the car became lower.
	She didn’t say anything wrong, right?
	Rose looked at his stern face and frowned slightly. People of high position were hard to please after all.
	Did she say something wrong?
	“Mr. Lee, can you pull over and park?” Rose asked again.
	“Be quiet, I’m not a human trafficker. Old Liu…” Bright called out to the drivers and closed his eyes to rest, seeming a little tired.
	Rose saw that he didn't want to say more and didn’t continue to talk.
	She thought that she could take a taxi back to the hotel when he arrived at his destination.
	Rose turned to lookout of the car window. The neon lights shined brightly, flashing across her face.
	It wasn't until the driver drove the black Bentley car into the underground parking lot that Bright slowly opened his eyes, and his thin lips lightly lifted. “We’re here. Why aren’t you getting out of the car?”
	Arrived? Where?
	City J was unfamiliar for Rose.
	She pushed open the door and got out of the car. She was wrapped in Bright’s suit jacket and a large towel to make her feel less cold.
	Bright also got off the car and went straight to the elevator in front. “Let's go.”
	Rose hesitated for a moment and followed him into the elevator, only to find that the elevator had the words of “Four Seasons Hotel Elevator” printed on it.
	“Which floor?” Bright asked her.
	“The 16th floor.” Rose replied with the floor that she stayed on and took out her card.
	Bright put one hand in his trousers pocket and pressed the button to the 16th floor with the other.
	The elevator rose slowly and stopped on the 16th floor. Rose walked in front and Bright followed behind all the way to room 1612 where she stayed.
	Rose stood at the door of the room and smiled slightly to Bright, who stood by her side. “President Lee, I’ve arrived. Thank you.”
	Getting along with him all this time made her very uneasy. She finally had the chance to relax a bit.
	Bright looked at her deeply and showed no sign of leaving.
	“Miss Linder, you are not even going to invite me to have a cup of water? This seems a bit unreasonable.”
	Rose looked at Bright, who was soaked in his clothes but did not harm his heroism. His words sounded like he was accusing her of using him and leaving him behind once she was done.
	In desperation, Rose opened the door with her card and invited him in.
	Bright walked to the living room and sat down. Rose poured a glass of water and placed it on the coffee table in front of him. “Mr. Lee, please enjoy.”
	“You don't have to mind me. Do what you need to do.” Bright casually leaned on the sofa, comfortable as if he was at his own house.
	With a man like Bright standing there, Rose was not in the mood to do what she wanted.
	She was drenched and uncomfortable. If she didn’t take a bath and change her clothes, she would likely get sick.
	She glanced at Bright, who was also wearing wet clothes, and thought of a way to kick him out. “President Lee, the weather is cold. Wearing wet clothes like this is not good for your health. It's better to go home early and change your clothes.”
	“You are right, you will indeed get sick.” He raised his wrist to check the time and then stood up.
	Rose thought she successfully convinced him. She maintained a slight smile on her face, but her heart was already filled with waves of joy.
	“Why don't I borrow your bathroom here for a shower and change my clothes.” Bright turned the conversation around, bringing her from heaven to hell with one sentence.
	Rose felt a sense of despair as if she had shot herself in the foot. If she had known things would turn like this, she wouldn’t have made that suggestion.
	“Mr. Lee, I'm afraid this isn't—” Rose wanted to stop him but sneezed a few times before she finished speaking.
	“Miss Linder, you should take care of yourself, and I will take care of myself.” Bright lightly patted her shoulder, smiling like a demon.
	Bright passed by her side and headed towards the bathroom. Rose couldn't say a word as she looked at the soaked Bright.
	Rose didn't know that she was like a child in front of the experienced Bright and that she was not his opponent at all.
	Rose could only turn around and head to the bedroom, ready to take a bath and relax.
	She took a bath for more than two hours, thinking that Bright should have left by then.
	He was the president of HY Group after all, and his time was precious. How could he waste any time here?
	She put on her pajamas and went out without seeing anyone in the living room. She finally calmed down and headed to the small kitchen to pour herself a cup of warm water.
	As she stood at the counter drinking water, she felt as if someone was staring at her from behind.
	She took a breath, turned around, and met a pair of deep eyes. Rose was so shocked that she knocked over her water in panic.
	Bright stood against the wall, just blocked by the refrigerator next to her that she didn't notice at all.
	“You... why are you here?” Rose’s voice trembled slightly.
	After taking a bath, Bright wore a white bathrobe. His jet-black hair was not completely dry. His hair was messy and stylish, and his collar was slightly open to reveal his sexy collarbone and his solid chest.
	His eyes were sharp, and he appeared unpredictable, making him dangerous but graceful.
	“It wouldn’t be polite if I left without telling you.” Bright forced himself over, and Rose instinctively backed away until her waist reached the edge of the counter.
	He was too close to her, so close that she could see his eyelashes clearly. His masculine aura was all over, wrapping her like a net, making her unable to breathe freely.
	“Mr. Lee...I'm sleepy.” Rose felt that her heart was about to jump out of her throat.
	Bright didn't step back at all, but instead quietly supported her waist with his big dry palm, and the two of them became even closer together.
	The warmth in his palm was transferred to her skin through the silk pajama fabric. It was so hot that she felt ashamed and annoyed, and subconsciously wanted to reach out and push him away.
	He was as hard as a wall, so she couldn't move him at all.
	She suppressed the nervousness in her heart, raised her eyes to meet his calm gaze.
	“President Lee, I respect you, so please respect me.” Rose suppressed her anger, hoping to calmly solve the problem.
	“Miss Linder, don't move.”
	Bright lowered his head. Panic flashed across Rose eyes, and she turned her face away as fast as she could. His thin lips rubbed her ears.
	“Miss Linder, don't be too sensitive.” Bright bit her ear as he spoke and exhaled heat into her ear sockets, making her itchy. “Listen to what sound this is.”
Chapter 10 Exercise His Rights
	Bright stretch out his left hand behind her and place the cup back on the counter, making a crisp sound.
	After Rose heard the sound, she felt as if something had exploded in her head. Her cheeks became rosy as she felt embarrassed and ashamed, but she quickly calmed herself down and didn't let him take the lead.
	Bright had already let go of her waist. He placed hands on the edge of counter, confining her.
	He stared at her pale face with calm and deep eyes. “Miss Linder can’t have misunderstood and thought I was going to do things to you, right?”
	Rose pretended to be very calm, but her heartbeat throbbed like a drum.
	She took a deep breath secretly, smiled, and calmed her voice, beautiful and relaxed. “How could it be? A good and polite man like Mr. Lee wouldn’t do things that don’t fit his status. Why don't we sit in the living room?”
	Facing his calmness and grace, she felt embarrassed.
	Bright showed no sign of moving away, but instead lowered his head, the ridge of his nose almost touching the tip of her nose. His eyes that were calm like mirror were obscure.
	Rose didn't dare to move. She curled her thick long eyelashes slightly, leaving a silhouette on the skin under her eyes.
	Gentle warm light poured on top of their heads, dimly dying the tops of their hair, smudging their outlines. The air was quiet.
	“Really?” Bright’s hoarse voice sounded even more seducing at this moment.
	“What else?” She raised her slender eyebrows lightly, broken light shining in her pupils.
	She only felt the back of her head being held by his palm. He bent down, covering her red lips with his thin lips.
	The pressed down a bit heavily. When her mind was blank, he evaded her mouth, fighting a battle with her lips and tongue, making her breathless. Rose was about to suffocate in the powerful kiss.
	Before she realized, he retreated, and his eyes were clear without a trace of desire.
	“This is my answer.” He used action to tell her what kind of person he was.
	Rose really did not expect that he would kiss her. To be precise, it was not a gentle kiss, but a bite with a hint of punishment.
	When did she provoke him?
	So much for being cold and ascetic. All nonsense.
	She felt that it was better to call him a beast in human clothing.
	She suppressed her anger and spoke. “Mr. Lee, thank you very much for saving me today. I respect you, but I am not the kind of woman who go along with things and I am not the type who would sell herself in order to reach an agreement. Let’s treat what just happened as a misunderstanding that no one mention in the future.”
	After listening to what she said, Bright smiled and applauded, but asked an irrelevant question.
	“Have I kissed you like this before?”
	Otherwise, how could he feel so familiar.
	“?” Rose’s heartbeat skipped a beat. “This...how is this possible, hahaha, President Lee, don't be kidding me.”
	Bright stared at her carefully, his eyes sweeping over her a few times. She and the woman from that night were completely opposites. Did he just have an illusion?
	“Then between me and David…who do you think is better?”
	Comparing them? What did he mean?
	This topic changed so fast that Rose was confused.
	“Mr. Lee and Mr. Hank are both very successful. But what does this have to do with me?”
	“You and he are not a match for each other.”
	Domineering, this man is too domineering!
	She and David only met twice because of their work relationship.
	Besides, he wasn’t in the position to decide who she should be with!
	Rose felt that she shouldn't have let him in. After all, it wasn’t very appropriate for a man and a woman to say in the same room together.
	In the end, she had led the wolf into the room, and she was the one to suffer the consequences.
	The important thing was that he didn't listen to her seriously at all!
	“Mr. Lee—”
	The door bell rang.
	“It seems that your guest arrived.” Bright did not continue the discussion and turned around to leave.
	Rose pushed on the edge of the counter with the back of her hand, calming herself.
	She sorted out her emotions. She had no idea where Bright was hiding.
	She came to the door to pick up the video phone and saw that the person standing outside the door was David. Problems just keep coming up one after another.
	Should she open the door?
	If David saw Bright in her room, what would he think? It would definitely cause unnecessary misunderstanding, so she could only find a way to get David to leave.
	“Mr. Hank, do you anything from me?” Rose asked him.
	“Rose, I'm sorry to disturb you at this time, but this incident happened because of me and you were affected. I feel uneasy and hoped to see you to check if you are fine.”
	David’s tone was guilty and worried.
	“Mr. Hank, don’t worry. I'm fine. My plane is tomorrow morning at 8 o'clock, so I am already in bed.” Rose used it as an excuse and said, “you should go back to rest early as well.”
	“In that case, why don't I invite you for breakfast tomorrow morning, and then take you to the airport to make up for my sins.” David spoke loudly as he made the decision.
	“…” Rose wrinkled her eyebrows, slightly annoyed. “Mr. Hank, it really has nothing to do with you, and the hotel has breakfast service. There is a shuttle to take us to the airport, so you don't have to make a special trip to waste your time.”
	“Rose, this project will last for at least half a year. Are you going to be this polite with me for the entire time?” David smiled outside the door.
	“Have a good rest tonight and see you tomorrow.”
	So the decision has been made?
	“Mr. Hank—”
	“You said you would call me David. How could you forget?”
	“Da…vid, thank you.”
	“We are friends.” Rose sighed slightly and lowered her eyelashes. If Bright weren’t here, she would definitely open the door and thank him in person.
	Bright was simply a demon!
	As she thought about him, a slender figure approached, and his shadow enveloped her.
	Rose turned around and saw Bright put on a brand-new white shirt and a pure black suit. Even thought it was the same outfit, it appeared very unique on him.
	The nobility engraved in his bones and the boldness in him could not be matched.
	What shabby gentility!
	“David? Why don't you invite him in?” Bright slowly tidied up the white cuffs that showed outside the black suit.
	Rose ignored him, staring at him with watery eyes.
	“Are you angry?” Bright chuckled, then reached out and opened the door.
	He did not go out immediately but leaned over and pressed his thin lips against her ears. His voice was hoarse. “I'm just exercising my rights.”
	He spoke so naturally with so much confidence.
	Your rights? Who the heck gave you those rights!
	Rose wanted to swear.
	“Bright, why are you here?”
	This was David’s voice.
	He didn't leave?
Chapter 11 Cheat on Him
	Rose walked out from the blind spot and saw David standing outside the door while Bright was standing inside the room!
	The two men stood proudly facing each other, a scene that made Rose’s head numb.
	Now she had no way of explaining her relationship with Bright!
	“What are you doing here at this time?” David’s peachy eyes narrowed, his eyes sweeping across Rose, who was in her pajamas.
	“Mr. Lee will leave immediately.” Rose replied.
	“Didn’t you leave?” Bright did not answer but instead asked.
	David waved the flowers and fruit basket in his hand. “I forgot to leave the fruits and flowers at the door.”
	“It took quite a while for me to shower and change my clothes at Miss Linder’s place.” Bright deliberately glanced at Rose, who stood at his side, as he spoke, and smiled slightly.
	Although what he said was true, it sounded ambiguous and flirtatious.
	“Mr. Lee saved me, so it's normal that he needed to change.” Rose chuckled lightly and explained cleverly.
	It wasn’t that she wanted to explain to David, it was just that she didn’t want to have any personal relationship with Bright.
	She couldn't wait to be as far away from him as possible.
	But in Bright’s eyes, Rose’s behaviour seemed that she was afraid of David misunderstanding.
	Her eagerness to separate from him, as if he was a terrible virus, made him feel very uncomfortable.
	Bright was calm, but his eyes were dark. “David, let's not disturb Miss Linder anymore. Why don’t we grab a coffee together and have a good chat?”
	After speaking, Bright took long strides as he walked out, and reached out and patted David’s shoulder.
	David nodded to Rose and handed her the flowers and fruits. “See you tomorrow morning.”
	He went to catch up with Bright and entered the elevator together.
	Bright was tall like a cypress and David was upright like a green pine. The two standing together formed a charming scene.
	They were long used to being the focus and being admired by women that their expressions remained the same until they sat in Bright’s car.
	David leaned on the back of the seat as soon as he got into the car, feeling very relaxed. “Are you actually interested in Rose?”
	“Rose? You guys are already that close?” Bright gently adjusted the corners of his clothes.
	“This is our private matter. Even if you are the Boss, you can't interfere with everything, right?” David’s eyes moved slightly, staring sideways at Bright, whose face was outlined by the shadow. “But if you are interested in her, we can compete fairly.”
	“She is not right for you.” Bright’s voice was low with undoubted certainty.
	“Why isn't she right for me?” David frowned wonderingly. “I think Rose is great. She looks like the kind of good wife and mother.”
	Bright’s solemn gaze fell on him. “She is already married.”
	Bright emphasized the word “marriage” a bit heavily.
	As expected, David was stunned for couple of seconds, then changed his posture and laughed. “Bright, it is not wise of you making up this reason to let me know how difficult it is and drive me away.”
	“She was indeed married, but separated from her husband, so she did not date and lived like she was single.” Under the light, Bright’s gaze appeared deeper and more distanced.
	“What a scumbag!” David gritted his teeth, very dissatisfied.
	Bright frowned tightly; his voice was as cold as the arctic wind. “Who are you calling a scumbag?” Bright asked.
	How could he be a scumbag? What scumbag was handsome and outstanding like him?
	There were countless women who wanted to sleep with him, yet he was never interested. He was so upright that he was rumoured to be gay.
	David also clearly felt the cold air around Bright. “I didn't mean you, I meant Rose’s husband. He married a good lady, yet he doesn’t cherish her, leaving her alone and not being responsible. He is simply an embarrassment to men!”
	“This kind of man is the typical kind that does nothing but take up space. If I were Rose, I would have divorced a long time ago or would have cheated on him! Heck, he pushed things too far!”
	David became more excited as he spoke, and even blurted out inelegant expressions.
	Bright leaned against the back of the leather car seat, his handsome face hiding in the dark, slowly closing his eyes, but his chest was slightly up and down.
	“Maybe his husband has some kind of secret?”
	“What secret can there be? All excuses!” David didn’t notice the change in Bright’s face. He thought about it after he finished speaking, rolling his eyes and smiling smugly. “Bright, do you think Rose’s husband has some kind of problem down there?”
	Bright suddenly opened his eyes, appearing extremely cold in the darkness.
	David was chilled by his look. He pulled on his clothes. “Am I wrong? Otherwise, how could a normal couple remain separated? They would either be abnormal or irresponsible.”
	“This is their business. They are happy with it. How is it your business?” Bright sneered, thinking that David was too nosy.
	“I want to.” David was defiant. “I want to help Rose stop suffering.”
	Bright signalled the driver to stop and issued an order to David. “Get off!”
	Bright was bore with David all the way couldn’t tolerate him anymore.
	David was taken aback, thinking that Bright was joking. “Bright, what's wrong with you?”
	“I told you to get out of the car, don't you understand?” Bright’s perfect facial features were covered with a layer of frost, without the slightest sign of joking. “Or do you want me to throw you out?”
	David felt embarrassed, put away the smile on his face, pushed the door angrily and got out of the car, standing straight by the car and maintaining his composure.
	He felt that Bright’s temper was very inexplicable.
	“Her marriage is great. She loves his husband very much. She will not divorce.” Bright made things up without blushing or panting. “One last thing I’m advising you on. There are many women in the world, why get fixated on one? Not to mention one that belongs to someone else.”
	Then the car sped past, leaving behind smoke and dust.
	David, “…”
	KO!
	Fortunately, he knew himself and his opponent, resolved his “rival in love”, and finally got his game back.
	Bright looked at David’s speechless expression, and the restlessness and unhappiness in his heart dissipated quite a bit. He smiled slightly, and he continued to close his eyes and rest.
	Rose…
	“Achoo—”
	Rose, who laid on bed but didn’t feel sleepy, sneezed several times.
	What she could think of was that demon Bright must have said a lot of bad things about her.
	Where did she provoke him?
	But what could she do with him anyway?
	Rose felt frustrated and decided to continue count sheep. Everything would be fine once she left tomorrow morning.
	Rose heard the sound of a WeChat notification.
	She picked her phone and was irritated at the message that she wanted to smash her phone!
Chapter 12 Marrying Him is Worse than Marrying a Pig
	After two hours of flying, Rose finally returned to City Y.
	As she breathed the air in City Y, Rose even felt that her mood change. All the haze from the past few days was swept away.
	And she was about to see Doris. The lively little girl was her source of happiness. As Rose thought of Doris, all her worries and frustration disappeared.
	She pushed her luggage and just as she got out of the passageway, she saw her daughter holding a sign that read, “Welcome home to the most beautiful, cutest and capable mother”. How dumbfounding and warm!
	“Mommy, I'm here!” Doris waved at Rose, her small face smiling brilliantly.
	Jane, who held Doris in the crowd, stood in a conspicuous position, smiling gently.
	Today happened to be the weekend, so they went to pick up Rose.
	Rose quickened her pace and arrived in front of her friend Jane. She took her daughter from Jane’s embrace, and the mother and daughter kissed and hug. Everything was warm and sweet.
	“Thank you, Jane.” After Rose caught up with her daughter, she thanked Jane for taking care of Doris these days.
	“Rose, isn’t saying thanks a little too distanced. Besides, I watched Doris grow up, and she is like my daughter too. It’s my responsibility to take care of her.” Jane looked at Doris while doting on her.
	Jane took Rose’s luggage while Rose held Doris, and they chatted and laughed as they headed to the parking lot.
	“Let’s go, we're going home.”
	Jane drove while the mother and daughter sat in the back.
	Because of the traffic jam on the road, it was almost noon, so they had to change their plan and eat first and then go home.
	At the restaurant, they chose a window seat and sat down.
	“Mommy, it felt like forever when I couldn’t see you. I miss you so much.” Doris lovingly laid in her mother's arms.
	Is this idiom supposed to be used like that?
	Rose squeezed her soft face lightly. “Once work is over, mother flew back early in the morning. Mother missed you too.”
	“Mom has worked hard. This is your reward.” Doris took a butterfly lollipop from panda backpack and gave it to Rose. Her black and bright eyes were filled with innocence.
	“Mom has you, so work isn’t hard.” In Rose’s heart, her daughter was her greatest motivation and comfort.
	In the past five years, Rose and Doris depended on each other. Three years ago, Doris fell ill and was in danger. Rose had nothing and when she was about to collapse, she met Mr. Faulkner, who handed her a marriage certificate and a one-million-dollar cheque, with a three-year limit.
	In order to get money to save Doris’ life, Rose sold her marriage to a stranger.
	Fortunately, this secret marriage did not affect her and her and her daughter’s life remained unchanged.
	Now that the three-year period was approaching, she was about to withdraw from this marriage and become truly free.
	Only last night she received a message from Mr. Faulkner – “Miss Linder, please abide by the contract. You are a married woman, remember your position and keep your virtue.”
	How was she immoral?
	This was simply blatant slander! Rose was extremely mad!
	“But it’s very hard for me to see my mother alone, so I have to solve your life’s major issues before I grow up and marry brother Dougie.” Doris’ serious look made Jane and Rose almost choke with tea.
	“Doris is really eager to see her mother get married.” Jane took a napkin and wiped the corners of her lips.
	“...” Rose pretended not to understand and continued to drink tea.
	“Mommy, what about the handsome uncle I asked you to take pictures of last night? Show him to me and let me pick for you.” Doris shook Rose’s arm and was determined.
	“There was no handsome uncle, only a weird uncle.” Rose handed her the phone and placed Bright first in her heart. “I could only sneak a short video in the corner.”
	At that time, she only scanned the crowd in the banquet hall with her phone so as to please the little girl.
	It was just that she returned to City Y, so why would she still think of that demon!
	Rose frowned, feeling “shameful” of her behavior.
	“Rose, do you... really plan to stay single like this?” Jane asked quietly as she glanced at Doris, who was already immersed in choosing a husband for Rose.
	“In fact, it’s quite nice currently.” Rose’s expression was calm, without a trace of desire for a relationship.
	“Can you still not let go of what happened before?” Jane was of course referring to Sky.
	She didn’t want to remind her friend of her scars, but she also didn’t want her friend to be indulged in the past and dare not open her heart to pursue happiness.
	Rose was silent, rubbing the teacup with her finger, and then slowly replied. “Yes, I can't let go of the past.”
	“Rose, Doris already grew up and what happened before is now over. Don’t give up your happiness for the sake of one or two scumbags...It's not worth it.” Jane was worried that Rose was evading feelings for the unworthy one.
	“Jane, you are wrong. Five years have passed. Let them taste what I was like back then and take back everything that belongs to me! So now, it's too early to talk about this.” Rose squeezed the teacup, her eyes no longer gentle like when she faced her daughter. Hatred emerged in Rose’s eyes.
	Jane stretched out her hand to cover the back of Rose’s hand, her tender eyes filled with pity for her.
	She has seen all the suffering Rose lived with over the years.
	Sky and Sophie, even the parents of Rose and Sky, were not worthy of sympathy.
	“When did you return to City H?”
	“This year is my grandma's 80th birthday.” It was a good time for her to go back.
	“Then you can rest assured to do what you want to do, and I will take care of Doris.” What Jane could do was make her not worried of anything else.
	Rose held Jane’s hand tightly, her gratitude contained in the hands they held together.
	After food was served on the table, they put aside the unhappy things they had just discussed and started to eat.
	Doris held the phone in her phone and leaned over. “Mommy, I think this handsome uncle isn’t bad.”
	Rose glanced intently with a complicated expression.
	The person who Doris was pointing at was Bright, who was surrounded by everyone at the banquet.
	His outstanding personal charm and temperament were the focus of the audience that even though he only appeared for two seconds, he was eye-catching.
	“He has a wife.” Rose made up an excuse.
	What if Bright knew he had a daughter? Would he compete with her for custody?
	She only hoped that Bright would never know, so that Doris could stay by her side forever.
	“What a shame. I liked him at a glance.” Doris pouted her pink lips, disappointed.
	“Okay, eat your food.” Rose confiscated the phone and placed a honey chicken wing in her plate.
	She would rather get married to a pig than to Bright.
	After the meal, Rose was about to pay the bill but was told by the waiter that someone had already paid for them, and that person had just left.
	Rose turned around and saw a tall figure outside the glass door getting onto a black Mercedes-Benz sedan.
	She chased out and saw only half of his face...but that face surprised her!
	How could it be him?!
Chapter 13 Doris Misses Daddy
	Rose saw the high-quality car windows rolling up to block the man's handsome face, and the car quickly drew into the lane and merged into the traffic.
	Because she could only catch a quick glance and the sunlight that fell on the glass window was too dazzling, she couldn't see the man clearly.
	Jane went out with Doris . While seeing the dazed Rose standing by the roadside, she patted her on the shoulder. “What's wrong with you? Is it someone you knew?”
	“Seems like someone I knew, but I couldn’t see very clearly.” Rose wasn’t entirely sure.
	After all, he died six years ago. He died in the fire, so how could he appear here?
	But if it was him, would he return to City H? Would they meet again?
	Rose’s gaze followed the shadow of the car far away, her eyes filled with tears and her heart feeling numb.
	“You probably recognized the wrong person.” Jane thought of the possibility.
	“Maybe.” Rose nodded, suppressing the tears of her eyes, but she had doubts in her heart.
	“You must be too tired from work. You need to rest, let's go, let's go home.” Jane could feel tiredness floating in Rose’s eyes.
	Rose hummed softly and held Doris’ small hands.
	Rose didn't sleep well all-night last night, and was a little down. She wanted to go home to sleep.
	“A woman who doesn't have a man just ends up becoming strong like a man herself.” Doris just created another saying.
	“…” Rose was speechless.
	Jane sent them home and let Rose go to rest while she drew together with Doris.
	Rose slept comfortably for two hours before Jane went home. She was born in City Y, and she went home to eat with her parents every weekend.
	“What did Aunt Jane draw?” Rose walked over, kneeling and sitting beside Doris.
	“The teacher asked us to draw a happy family.” Doris looked up and happily showed her work to Rose. “Mommy, look it’s you and I and dad.”
	The dark blue night sky was dotted with bright stars. A woman with long hair in a red dress and a girl in white princess dress and a crown stood on grass that was covered with flowers and looked at the sky while pointing at the biggest and brightest star in the upper right corner.
	But where was this dad?
	“This is my dad.” Doris also felt Rose’s doubts and pointed to the big bright star.
	Rose, “...”
	“Didn’t you say that after Dad left us, he became the stars in the sky to guard us? My dad must be the biggest and brightest one.” Doris’ young face showed a bit of pride.
	“Doris...is missing her dad?” Rose met her daughter's bright eyes.
	“Nope.” She smiled and shook her head. She was sensible and hid her longing for her father in her heart.
	How could Rose not know her daughter's thoughts? Although she was sensible, she was only five years old. When she saw other children ride on their father’s shoulders, protected by their father, especially participate in family activities with their parents, her bright eyes would dim.
	Rose hugged her daughter in her arms, feeling a little bad.
	If she hadn't involved Bright in a scheme to save Sky, how could she have brought her into this world to endure so much suffering.
	She was sorry towards her daughter. She knew she couldn't repay what she owed Doris in her life.
	When Doris saw her mother's ruddy eyes, she thought that mommy must have missed daddy too much.
	“Mommy, I'm hungry. Can you make food for me?” She changed the subject and didn't want mother to be sad.
	“Okay.” Rose kissed her daughter's soft cheek.
	She made tomato scrambled egg, winter melon pork rib soup, and fruit salad. The life of Rose and Doris was simple and warm.
	After being busy for more than half a month, it was finally the signing ceremony of HY Group’s theater project. Their person in charge would be arriving today.
	Because the design director William was still in the hospital, Rose, who was the main designer, naturally had to be there the entire time, but she didn't expect that the person in charge was Bright instead of David.
	When would he finally disappear!
	Bright being there personally was enough to grace YM Group, such that CEO Dong laughed from ear to ear.
	The CEOs of the two parties signed and announced their cooperation at the press conference, which immediately made headlines.
	The evening was a reception banquet for Bright. Everyone, especially the female staff, tried hard to be selected.
	Rose was instead afraid that she would be selected, but she was the first person named by CEO Dong to accompany him.
	At six o'clock in the evening, two tables were prepared at Garden International Hotel.
	Bright was the last to arrive, accompanied by a vice president and an assistant Bill.
	When he arrived, everyone stood up respectfully.
	He was calm and dignified, as if a king that had returned and everyone crawled under his feet. The warm light and shadow in the suite fell on his cool and handsome face, sharpening his features. His eyes were like two deep pools, indifferently and calmly sweeping across everyone...including Rose.
	Bright’s sharp glance almost made her heart skip a beat.
	“CEO Lee, please.” CEO Dong personally pulled out the chair beside him for Bright to sit.
	Bright walked over, except he stopped at the seat next to Rose and placed his hand on the back of the chair. “I like sitting by the window. CEO Dong wouldn’t mind if I sit here, right?”
	“Of course not. Please sit wherever you like, CEO Lee.” CEO Dong smiled.
	The senior executive who sat with his back to the window also got up and gave up his seat.
	Bill also stepped forward and replaced the chair. Only then did Bright sit down gracefully, and CEO Dong moved over to accompany him.
	At the dinner table, with Bright being the point of focus, everyone went over to toast a glass of wine to show respect.
	Of course, he didn’t give everyone the honour and personally drink every time someone went over. Most people were blocked by the vice president and Bill.
	“Are you disappointed that you didn't see David here?” Bright saw Rose’s shock and disappointment when Rose first saw him today.
	She didn't want to see him that much? She really knew how to hurt his self-esteem and self-confidence as a man.
	“I don't dare.” Rose certainly didn't dare to show her surprise.
	“David has more important work to do, so I will personally supervise this project in the future.” It was an explanation.
	Rose had nothing to say. “Please advise, CEO Lee.”
	Bright’s long fingers held the red wine glass that he had just drunk from and gently rubbed his eyes, with a smile at the corner of his eyes. “Miss Linder should show some sincerity.”
	Rose, who had grown up from hardships and challenges in the working world over the years, had also learned to observe people. She picked up the red wine to pour half a glass for Bright, and then held up her wine glass. “CEO Lee, cheers.”
	Bright lightly touched his glass with hers. From the corner of his eye, he caught a glimpse of Rose finishing her glass first, then did he become satisfied and slowly drank his glass.
	Just as Rose placed down the wine glass, a tissue was already handed to her.
	“Thank you, CEO Lee.”
	She looked up at Bright. Noticing his handsome face close to her, she realized that the older Doris grew up, the more she looked like Bright.
	Now he was in City Y, what would happen if he saw Doris?
	Should she keep hiding Doris, or give Doris the fatherly love she longed?
Chapter 14 You Dare to Touch My Woman
	What was in her mind?
	She wanted to tell Bright about everything for a moment.
	Rose turned away from her gaze, poured red wine and drank it to stabilize her flustered mood. Bright obviously found something wrong with her. “What's up with you?”
	“I’m fine.” Rose took a tissue and wiped the wine stains on her lips. “CEO Lee, my apologies, I need to use the washroom.”
	She got up quickly and walked out of the suite.
	Bright looked at her slender back and frowned. He drank the half-filled red wine in the glass, a trace of irritation appearing in his heart.
	Rose went all the way into the bathroom not far away, leaning in the stall, her mind in turmoil.
	After the crisp sound of high-heeled shoes, there was a “pop” sound of someone throwing a phone on the sink.
	“I'm really mad. CEO Dong clearly arranged for me to sit next to CEO Lee, but CEO Lee sat next to her and didn't even look at me. Do you think I can let this go?”
	“What can you do? I heard that president Hank was in charge of this project. I didn't expect CEO Lee to come and he even sat next to her. There’s something fishy here.”
	“Rose, this woman is a scheming bitch. She pretends to be innocent at work. First, she seduced director Quinn to get the position of main designer and climbed onto CEO Lee’s bed when she went to City J. It's so pitiful that director Quinn is still lying in the hospital.”
	“So if you want to complain, blame yourself for not having the superb skills to conquer men.” “Isn't she just a bitch who sleeps with a bunch of people? Who cares!”
	“Bang—"
	Rose opened the door and walked out of the stall with a smile on her face.
	After seeing Rose, the female colleague who was applying makeup in the mirror opened her eyes awkwardly, and her hand holding the lipstick became unstable.
	The air was dead silent, and no one opened their mouth to break the silence.
	Rose walked to the sink. She washed her hands calmly, and then took out a red lipstick to paint a perfect and full lip shape.
	“Since no one cares, don't you make yourself look like you want to throw all your breasts at CEO Lee.” Rose’s eyes fell on the female colleague's deep V-neck, which showed her eye-catching white curves. “Nothing in this world is fair. Everyone follows his nose, and the winner becomes the king. If you don't have the ability, don't go around bullshitting. Even if your mouth gets tired, CEO Lee won't care.”
	After satirizing these big brainless and whimsical women, Rose turned and left while they were stupefied.
	She never wanted to participate in disputes, but she was definitely not the soft and weak type to be trampled on.
	On her way back to the suite, Rose was stopped by a voice from behind. “Oh, is this our YM Group’s big designer Miss Linder?”
	Rose looked back and saw the boss from her last project, Mylo Barker, who was 45 years old this year.
	He still owed money from the project, and he hadn’t signed to this day. In addition, he had some connections in City Y, so she dared not offend him.
	“CEO Barker, hello.” Rose still had to smile at this rascal.
	“I haven't seen Miss Linder for a long time. You’ve become more beautiful.” Mylo scanned Rose from head to toe with his small eyes, and finally stopped on her pretty hips.
	His wretched look made Rose uncomfortable. “CEO Barker, I still have a client with me. My apologies. I’ll invite you out another day.”
	She wanted to get rid of Mylo quickly. Just after she took two steps, Mylo stepped forward and blocked her way. “Miss Linder, take it easy. I am your client too. You don’t need to invite me out another day. I think it’s enough if you accompany me for two drinks today.”
	“CEO Barker, how can you be satisfied with two drinks? Wouldn't it be better if we have a good drink another day?” Rose took two steps away, increasing the distance between her and Mylo. The smell of alcohol on him made her nauseous. “I still owe your wife a meal, so we could combine them.”
	“Really?” Mylo laughed. “It just happened that your sister-in-law is with me today. She also said that she wanted to see you. What about Miss Linder give me the honour and let’s head over together?”
	“What a coincidence.” Rose’s expression was relaxed, but her heart was heavy.
	If Mylo was having a meal with his wife, he wouldn’t dare call her over. He was saying that just to lower her guard.
	How could she not know what he was scheming. But she couldn't get into a conflict with him and had to smile along. It was really difficult.
	“CEO Barker, how about I appease the client here and then come over to accompany you and my sister-in-law. I can’t leave the client to the side. Otherwise, how am I going to continue in this business?” In short, she couldn’t enter the wolf's den. Rose thought that Mylo wouldn’t be able to do anything to her once she went into the suite.
	But Mylo was brave and courageous because of the alcohol he had. From the beginning to the end, he didn't mean to let her go.
	“Follow me. I will have my assistant inform your client. Let brother Mylo settle this matter for you. With me being here, no one will dare to bully you!” He patted his chest twice and promised.
	Then he reached out and hugged Rose’s slender waist. Rose’s face became uglier right away.
	She wanted to break away, but Mylo approached to close their distance, forcing Rose to lean against the wall with her back.
	“Miss Linder is really fragrant.” He sucked her fragrance up fiercely.
	“CEO Barker, your wife will misunderstand if she saw us like this.”
	“Misunderstand? Even if I slept with you now, what can she do? Why don't you be with me? House, car, jewelry, money...no problem at all.” Mylo exposed the nasty thoughts that had long been hidden in his heart.
	That a man who has a wife yet still wants to keep other women is the most disgusting. But Rose was not in the position to speak and could only choke with silent fury and hold back, so much that it hurt.
	Social has its own set of rules. If you don’t follow the rules, you won’t be able to play!
	“Miss Linder, it’s better for women to be pragmatic when they’re young and beautiful.” Mylo continued to convince her while his big hand approaching her chest with a smug smile.
	Rose bit her lower lip. She took a deep breath, and secretly raised her right foot...
	“Ah—” Suddenly there was a cry like a pig.
	She saw that Mylo’s hand was held by Bright, folded back into a terrifying posture.
	How wildly Mylo laughed then was how embarrassingly he cried now.
	At this moment, Bright appeared as handsome as a god…
	She had never looked forward to Bright’s appearance like this moment.
	He was her saviour!
	“Who the heck are you, dare to hurt me. You are dead meat!” Mylo was still brave with his words.
	Bright only increased the strength in his hand, and Mylo yelled in pain. “You dare to touch my woman. How courageous!”
	He gave a cruel smile before letting go and pushing Mylo away, who slumped on the ground.
	Bill handed forward a tissue. Bright took it with a cold face and carefully wiped his hands. “Get the CCTV and throw him into the police station. Don’t ever let me see him again.”
	“Yes.” Bill nodded.
	Bright looked at the woman who was still shocked with her pale face while dense sweat appearing on her forehead. “Were you thunderstruck?”
	Rose leaned on the wall with one hand, pressing her lower abdomen with the other. She frowned slightly. “No.”
	After saying that, she slid against the wall, and Bright strode forward to support her. She leaned on him, her head weakly resting on his shoulder.
	Seeing Rose like this, Bright glanced at Mylo, whose face was so painful and grim. “If anything happened to her, your entire family will be accompanying you.”
	Mylo was instantly frozen by Bright’s cold and solemn eyes. He cried and was dazed, not knowing who he had offended...
Chapter 15 Why Don’t You Give Yourself to Me
	Bright held Rose by her waist and strode away. His back was tall and straight with a strong charisma.
	Rose leaned against him with her ears close to his left chest, feeling his violent heartbeat, feeling the warmth from her chest. It was really warm...
	Bright cast his eyes down and glanced at her. She frowned very tightly, as if she was in pain.
	He couldn't help but speed up his pace and headed outside the hotel.
	Bright got into a taxi at the entrance of the hotel. He sat in the back, with Rose in his embrace.
	“Go to the nearest hospital.” Bright said to the driver.
	As the car started, Bright took off his scarf and wiped the fine sweat from Rose’s pale forehead. “Are you okay?” Bright’s usual indifferent tone became softer. Rose nodded, but her face was still pale, and she was still oozing cold sweat, appearing uncomfortable.
	“Lean on me for a bit. We’ll be at the hospital soon.” Bright comforted her and urged the driver.
	Twenty minutes later, they arrived at the nearest City Y People’s Hospital.
	The car hadn't stopped, yet Bright already opened the door and got out of the car. He held her out of the car and went to the emergency department.
	“Doctor, save her.”
	Bright had a handsome face, a tall figure, and a noble demeanor. As soon as he appeared, he attracted countless attention.
	“Why are you standing still? Don’t you see her sick?” Bright’s voice was loud and steady, full of strong force.
	By then did the female nurses who were infatuated with Bright come to their senses. “Coming.” They blushed and anxiously replied.
	Two female nurses grabbed a bed from the side and pushed it towards Bright. “Place the patient here.”
	“What's wrong?” Another nurse asked, hoping to understand the basic situation.
	“It should be a stomach-ache.” On the way, Bright saw that Rose’s hands were on her abdomen. She had no energy to speak because of the pain.
	“Hurry up and register the patient.”
	The nurse pushed Rose to the emergency room.
	Bright hurried to register, and after returning, he was blocked by the nurse. “Sir, please wait outside.”
	Bright squeezed the registration slip, his thin lips pursed tight. He then gently settled on the lounge chair beside him.
	He sat there, and the girls passed by all glanced at him with eyes full of amazement.
	“Sir, do you want some water?” A nurse stepped forward boldly.
	“Thank you.” Bright took the water and placed it next to him.
	Seeing that the female nurse had not left, he asked, “Is there anything else?”
	The female nurse shook her head and nodded before asking, “Sir, is this lady is your girlfriend?” Bright looked up slightly, his eyes deep like a well. He just stared at the female nurse, making the latter startled.
	“Sorry to bother you.” The female nurse turned to leave.
	“She is my wife.” Bright smiled slightly and replied sonorously.
	This remark not only satisfied the curiosity of these gossipers, but also shattered their hearts. The door of the emergency room was pushed open, and the doctor walked out. Bright immediately came up to the doctor. “Doctor, how is she?”
	The doctor took off his mask and looked at Bright very seriously, his gaze mixed with surprise. “Doctor?”
	Bright called out again. “What is her illness? Is it serious?”
	“It’s not serious. She just has menstrual cramps and dysmenorrhea.” As the middle-aged female doctor spoke, she also blamed Bright. “What are you doing as her husband? Your wife can’t drink alcohol or eat anything cold, don’t you know?”
	Menstruation? He thought it was a stomach problem or something like diarrhea...
	“…” Bright was dumbfounded. “Then...what should I do?”
	“I will prescribe some analgesics for her, and she can go home after IV drops.” The female doctor pushed her glasses and spoke coldly. “Sir, you should reflect on yourself.”
	“Then what can I do now?” Bright, who had always been aloof, didn't get upset because of the doctor's criticism, but instead asked modestly for advice.
	And Bill, who just arrived, saw his big boss behave like an elementary school student educated by a teacher. He was extremely surprised.
	Was this still the big boss who tortured them?
	He had always been the one to criticize others.
	“Now go buy some sanitary napkins for your wife and mix brown sugar in warm water for her to drink. Or get a hot water bottle to warm her lower abdomen.” The female doctor spoke. “Take good care of your wife.”
	Bright looked at Bill, who stood quietly, and said, “Remember what the doctor just said. Go buy them quickly.”
	Although embarrassment flashed across Bill’s face, he dared not disobey the big boss’ orders. “Forget it, I'll go myself. You watch things here.” Bright stopped Bill, who was just about to head out.
	Afterward, Bright went to a 24-hour supermarket in front of the hospital to shop.
	He had never bought sanitary napkins for any woman, and he didn't know which one to choose with many brands in front of him.
	He picked the most expensive ones, and grabbed a bag of brown sugar and an electric hot water bag before going to checkout.
	Some young girls were envious when they saw him shopping.
	“If such a handsome man can buy me sanitary napkins for once, I’ll marry him.”
	“It must be super nice to be his girlfriend. Give me ten dozen of a boyfriend like him!”
	“I am so jealous.”
	When Bright arrived at the infusion room with his shopping bag, Rose was already hooked up to IV drops. He gave the brown sugar and hot water bag to Bill to prepare.
	He sat down by the hospital bed and looked at Rose who appeared a bit more energetic. “Are you better?”
	“Thank you.”
	“Don’t you know your condition? I thought you were sick.” Bright frowned. He realized that this woman didn't cherish herself very much.
	“I have dysmenorrhea. But this time I drank too much alcohol, plus the workload today...and I was nervous, so it was even more serious.” It had always been a problem for Rose.
	“It has always been like this?” Bright asked, the light sharpening his cold and handsome face.
	“Usually, I just needed to pay attention for a few days. This time is an exception. I didn't expect it to hurt like this.” Rose bit her lips. As her eyes fell on the bag he held, she changed the subject. “What is this?”
	“What the doctor asked me to buy for you.” Bright put the bag in front of her.
	Rose opened it and took a look – it was all sanitary napkins. Her pale and colourless face turned red. She was shy like a begonia.
	“You bought it?” She couldn't believe it.
	“Yeah.” Bright looked at her and saw her slightly tinted cheeks. “I'm not embarrassed, yet you are blushing. How are you going to thank me this time?”
	Rose didn't know what to say.
	Very few men would personally buy such personal things for girls, never mind someone of status like Bright. It must’ve been very difficult for him.
	She would be lying if she said she wasn’t moved at the moment.
	People's hearts are real. Rose felt waves rushing turbulently in her heart, causing her nose uncontrollably sore.
	“I owe you a favour, and I can return the favour whenever you want me to.” Rose suppressed her soreness with a sincere expression on her face.
	“Why don’t you give yourself to me.” Bright gracefully overlapped his long leg with the other while smiling slightly.
Chapter 16 Explain How You Became My Husband
	Rose maintained the same posture, staring blankly at Bright, who sat to the side.
	“Mr. Lee, don't make such a joke.” Rose pretended to smile easily, but her heart was tense.
	“Do I look like I’m joking? Since you are not married, why can't I make such a request?” Bright crossed his fingers together and sat gracefully. His eyes were dark and bottomless like the night sky . She had no idea what he was thinking of.
	Rose was shocked by his powerful charisma. She became even more embarrassed that her pale fingertips tightly pinched the quilt.
	“Mr. Lee, actually I...I...” Rose couldn't say the words, “I'm already married”.
	Bright raised his dark and straight eyebrows slightly. He stared at her while giving her a sly glance.
	“Mr. Lee is so outstanding and isn’t short of beautiful women. So don't embarrass me. I’m just an ordinary person. How about something else?” Rose smiled, trying to persuade Bright with kind words to not have such strange thoughts.
	“You are that aggrieved?” He wanted to see how Rose would respond.
	“No, no, no. It’s Mr. Lee who would be aggrieved.” Rose couldn’t stand it anymore as Bright pressed harder.
	“I actually admire Miss Linder quite a bit, so I am not aggrieved.” Bright didn't give her a chance at all, which made Rose freak out.
	Facing Bright made Rose, who had always been calm and self-restrained, very powerless now.
	“Yes, yes, you are not aggrieved, but I am, and I dare not say anything.”
	Rose yelled so in her heart, but she still smiled bitterly.
	“Thank you, Mr. Lee, for your liking. I hope you rethink about it.” Rose implied that his thoughts were too random. “You see, it’s quite late. Why don't you go back to the hotel and have a rest? I can go back by myself after the IV is done.”
	“It doesn't matter. I’m helping you to the end. I have time.” Bright raised his eyebrows slightly and smiled playfully.
	“Mr. Lee, thank you very much for your help today, but now I am really fine.” Rose’s pale fingers grasped the sheet tightly. Her eyes fell on his white shirt and lightened as if she found something. “Mr. Lee, your shirt... is dirty. You should go back to take a shower and change. This...it's not good.”
	Bright leaned on the chair with his suit naturally hanging on both sides, so the white shirt inside was exposed. The pale red blood stains on the short were like peerless peonies blooming on paper. But it did not damage his elegance.
	But Rose’s cheeks were burning, so awkward she wanted to hide.
	It rubbed against him when he was holding her, and it was extremely embarrassing for someone like him who loved being neat and clean. He probably couldn’t tolerate such a stain.
	Only then did Bright lower his eyes, and his eyes fell indifferently on the stained shirt. “I’m not that short of time.”
	“But—”
	At this time, Bill brought the brown sugar water and the hot water bag over. “Mr. Lee, do you want them here?”
	“Give them to me.” Bright took hot water bag and passed it to Rose. “The doctor said to cover place it on your lower abdomen. Do you need me to help you?”
	Rose immediately shook her head, afraid that Bright would be one step ahead.
	She quickly took it over and stuffed it into the quilt and smiled at him. "
	“And this brown sugar water, drink it while it is hot, and you will feel better.” Bright handed her the cup again, thoughtful and careful.
	Rose took it and drank it obediently, feeling a burst of warmth flowing through her atrium, spleen and stomach, stirring up an infinite circulation of warm current that dipped into every pore bit by bit and made her very comfortable.
	After drinking the brown sugar water, Rose shook the empty cup twice in front of Bright.
	Bright was very satisfied with her behaviours. “Then you can take a good rest now, and I will deal with my emails.”
	Bill brought his laptop over. He replaced David to come to City Y at the last moment. He had some urgent work to do and needed to work overtime tonight.
	“Being at the hospital will affect your work. You should go back to the hotel. You can rest when you are tired.” Rose actually thought about it for Bright.
	“Close your eyes and rest, be good.” Bright was like his former self and placed the laptop on his legs, turning it on.
	Bill left the ward, leaving only the two of them.
	“I can really do it alone. You don't need to watch me here. Go back to the hotel.” Rose once again persuaded him, speaking softly.
	“Don’t make me repeat for the third time.” Bright’s strong tone couldn't allow her to refuse.
	This was beyond the scope of his patience. He only ever spoke once, and he was extremely tolerant of her.
	Bright frowned and stared at her, without any room for discussion. Rose could only lie down obediently and turn her face to the other side.
	Seeing her cooperation, Bright withdrew his gaze to focus on the computer, tapping skillfully and briskly on the keyboard with his slender fingers.
	After a while, Rose turned around secretly and glanced at Bright who was working hard.
	His handsome face was illuminated by the cold light of the computer, and his eyebrows were exquisitely carved, and everything was just right.
	He just sat there quietly, exuding his own powerful charm all the time.
	Elegant manner, handsome temperament, mature and stable, giving people a feeling of incomparable security, Bright was indeed a rare and precious man.
	He seemed to feel Rose’s gaze, and when he looked up, he caught her in the act. Rose immediately closed her eyes and pulled up the quilt to cover up the embarrassment.
	Bright smiled slightly, and then went to work while paying attention to the drip at any time.
	Time passed, and it didn't take long for Rose’s drip to finish.
	Bright got up and called the nurse to remove the needle.
	The senior nurse carefully removed the needle and spoke to Rose with envy. “Miss Linder, your husband is really kind to you.”
	“...” Husband?
	Rose looked dumbfounded.
	“Just now he told me to pull out the needle lightly as you were afraid of pain.” The nurse smiled. “The young nurses are attracted by your husband. You should cherish him.”
	“Ms. Nurse, did you misunderstand? He is not my husband.” Rose was somewhat confused.
	“How could I be mistaken? It was your husband who said that you were his wife.” The nurse was there in person when she heard. “Did you guys have a fight?”
	“No, he really isn't my—”
	Before she finished speaking, Bright called Bill and got everything ready and opened the door. “All good? The car is ready, let's go home.”
	The nurse looked at Rose with a look of “don't lie to me”. “Go home and have a good rest, pay attention to your health.”
	“Thank you.” Bright replied and watched the nurse leave.
	Rose stared lightly and looked up at Bright who was standing by the bed. “What nonsense did you and the nurses talk about?”
	“What did I say?” He asked back, raising his eyebrows slightly.
	“Could Mr. Lee please explain how you became my husband?” Rose’s expression was quite cute when she asked.
Chapter 17 Use This Opportunity to Repay the Favour
	There was a deep smile hidden in Bright’s eyes, and he didn't care.
	“Mr. Lee, please answer my question seriously.” Rose raised her eyebrows, refusing to be outdone.
	But he still didn't answer Rose directly. Instead, he approached her, leaned over, and lifted the quilt. His long arms went around her back and under her knees, easily picking her up.
	“Hey, Mr. Lee...” Rose was held in his arms and dared not move, otherwise she would risk falling down.
	This man clearly did this on purpose!
	She must’ve been crazy to think he was gentlemanly and considerate just now.
	“Be good.” Bright bent, with his thin lips pressed against her ears, and his deep and deep voice floating into her ears. His hot and dry breath made her blush and turn red.
	He held her and walked steadily out of the infusion room in long strides.
	Under the enviable eyes of all the girls, he left.
	By the steps to the hospital, a black Mercedes-Benz car stopped steadily. Upon seeing Bright walk down the steps, Bill opened the door to the back seat.
	Bright placed Rose into the car lightly, and then got into the car from the other side.
	Soon, the car drew away from the hospital.
	Rose quietly distanced herself from Bright. The masculine scent of his body made people unable to resist.
	This man was elegant and dangerous, and she didn’t want to be poisoned.
	“Address.” Bright’s thin lips uttered one simple word.
	“I...” Rose paused, looking at his cold and firm outline.
	“Afraid I bite?” He laughed at himself.
	Every woman who saw him was hungry like a female pervert, yet she regarded him as a pervert, hiding away.
	“Mr. Lee, why don't you go back to the hotel first, and then I will go home.” Rose naturally didn't want him to drive her back.
	Bright heard the refusal in her words and paused the hand that held the document. “I didn’t book a hotel.”
	“…” Liar.
	“I will spend the night at your house today.” He sounded natural as he spoke.
	“Mr. Lee, I really thank you very much for what happened, but you can't cross the line, okay? I said I owe you one favour and I will repay it to you.” Rose sat up straight and spoke in a clear voice.
	“So let's use this night to repay the favour.” When Bright said that, Rose couldn't find a reason to refute.
	Rose pursed her lips and frowned, still embarrassed.
	“It seems that Miss Linder's so-called sincerity is nothing more than this.” There was irony in Bright’s tone.
	Rose was embarrassed. If she continued to refuse, then she would be going back on her words and would appear insincere.
	But she couldn't bring Bright to her house. If he went, then the fact that she had a daughter would be exposed.
	She couldn’t let Bright know; otherwise she wouldn’t be able to bear the consequences.
	She wasn’t not afraid of anything. She was only afraid of losing Doris.
	Even if Doris was so desperate for fatherhood, even if she couldn't bear it, she couldn't take the risk.
	“What about giving yourself to me.” Seeing her silence, Bright went back to the last proposal. Rose picked up the phone and looked at it for a while, and then said, “The address is Silver Lake Garden.”
	Bright slowly opened and looked through the file in his hand. A dark gaze flashed across his eyes, and his smile emerged in secret…
	Bill drove the car into Silver Lake Garden according to the GPS and stopped at the entrance of building 5 unit 1.
	Bright got off the car and looked around the environment. The greenery was rich and the space was not bad. Although it was not beautiful, it was still pleasant to live in.
	Rose still couldn't resist Bright, and she was still carried out of the car and into the elevator. Neither of them spoke as they watched the white numbers jumping continuously until they stopped on the 9th floor.
	They stepped out of the elevator and arrived at the door. Rose took out the key from her purse and opened the door. “Mr. Lee, please come in.”
	Bright walked in. Rose took out a pair of slippers and gave it to him. “This is the only one for the male guest. Make do with it.”
	He put on the slippers and followed Rose a few steps forward. On the left was the living room, on the right the dining room and kitchen, and directly in front the bedroom and the washroom.
	The second bedroom was small with a modern minimalist style dominated by blue and white. The layout was very warm and tidy, suitable for daily living.
	“Do you drink water or juice?” Rose asked politely.
	“Water.” Bright sat down on the sofa in the living room.
	After his observation, it was impossible that there were other men in this house, except for the spare pair of male slippers. The house was very feminine.
	It seemed that Mrs. Lee, as his friend Harry had said, was a person of character.
	How come the picture on the TV cabinet showed another woman?
	Rose poured a glass of warm water. Seeing where Bright’s gaze landed, Rose explained. “She is my roommate Jane. She was born in this city and she went back to live with her parents today.”
	In fact, she sent a message to Jane and asked Jane to accompany Doris and rest in her house while she stayed in Jane’s house for one night. They both had each other’s keys anyway.
	As long as she fooled Bright for tonight, she wouldn't owe him anything tomorrow morning.
	As long as he didn’t discover Doris’ existence, everything would be fine.
	“You can sleep in the guest room. There are spare towels and toothbrushes in the bathroom cabinet. You can grab them yourself. I'll go to rest first.” Rose turned around to leave afterward. The last time they were alone in the same room in the Four Seasons Hotel made her still have a lingering fear, so she still avoided him to be safe.
	“Miss Linder is so afraid of me?” Bright took a sip of water to moisturize his throat.
	“Not at all, I'm not feeling well, I need to rest, and it’s quite late.” Rose gently placed her right hand on her lower abdomen to remind him. “Mr. Lee should rest early too.”
	“If this is the case...then let’s rest.” Bright put down the cup and got up. He was tall and had long legs that the space seemed a bit cramped with him standing in the not-very-wide house.
	He stepped over, stretched out his hand to support her waist naturally, and led her to the master bedroom.
	When she arrived by the bed, Rose was forced to lie on the bed. She was so anxious that she placed her hands on her chest, and said squeakily, “Mr. Lee, I didn’t agree to let you sleep here!”
	“What perverted things are you thinking of?” Bright just chuckled and pulled the quilt over her body. “Hurry up and rest. I am here with you.”
	The warm white light fell from the top of his head, and the shadow of his eyelashes was clear. His eyes were dark like the night and twinkled like the stars. Rose’s delicate face was reflected in his pupils.
	Just one look made Rose’s heart to miss a beat as if it contained electricity.
	She looked away in a panic again. What was wrong with her?
	“I'm no longer a child, and I don't need someone to accompany me. You go and rest.” There was no way for her to sleep while he was there.
	He took care of her today and worked overtime, so he should be tired.
	“If you don't want to sleep, we can chat.”
	“Chat about what?”
	“Didn’t you want an explanation from me?”
	How would he explain why he said he was her husband?
	She was a little curious.
Chapter 18 She Wanted to Kneel Down for Him
	Rose stared at Bright seriously to see what answer he would give her to make her satisfied.
	“You will understand one day.” Bright looked at her eyes full of expectations, and finally turned everything into this light-hearted answer.
	“...” Damn! Did he have problems?
	Rose uttered a rough word ungraciously.
	Bright lifted her curiosity to the highest level and then threw her down again. She really wanted to jump on him and tear his proud and handsome face apart.
	What was the difference between this answer and no answer!
	“Mr. Lee, I think it’s better if I don’t understand.” Rose turned around with her back to Bright. “I’m going to sleep. You do as you like.”
	Looking at her back, Bright raised his eyebrows in a good mood.
	“Have a good rest. Let me know if you feel uncomfortable.” Although Bright’s face was cold, his eyes were gentle and soft like the light.
	Rose closed her eyes tightly, her long eyelashes trembling lightly, but she said nothing.
	Seeing that she ignored him, he didn’t bother with her “disrespect” towards him. Bright put his hand into his pocket and turned around to leave. He turned off the light, and gently closed the door. After he left the bedroom, he sat in the living room and called Bill to ask him to bring him a change of clothes.
	It didn’t take long before Bill delivered the stuff. “Mr. Lee, do you really want to stay here for one night?”
	“Do I look like I’m joking?” Bright took the paper bag and put away the patience and gentleness he had when facing Rose and returned to being indifferent as usual.
	“Do you want to leave tomorrow?” Bill asked for instructions.
	“According to the original plan.” Bright had other places to go to tomorrow.
	Rose was the main designer of City J Theater...Anyway, they had time ahead of them.
	“Okay.” Bill left quietly.
	Bright then began to take off his suit and shirt, revealing his good figure with a strong upper body. His shape was well-defined and perfect without a trace of fat.
	After washing and bathing for an hour, Bright walked out of the bathroom, wiped his wet hair, and put on a grey silk nightgown. The texture was high-quality, and it made him look like a handsome and elegant noble son.
	He sat back on the sofa in the living room, with his glasses on, and turned on the computer and continued working.
	Until one o'clock in the morning, Rose walked out of the room to drink some water because she was thirsty, only to see that Bright hadn't rested yet.
	The grey nightgown made him more elegant. He was so clean that he looked perfect and delicate as if he was a statue that wasn’t from this world.
	He was wrapped in the warm light, his handsome face was serious, and his frown made her want to forward and soothe his brows.
	Rose felt guilty. If it wasn't for her, he wouldn't have to be working so late at night.
	She turned around and went back to the room to grab a thin blanket and stood in front of him. “It's cold, so put this on yourself. What I don’t want to see happening is you getting sick now that I’m okay. I don’t have time to take care of you.”
	Then she bent over and put the blanket on him.
	Bright looked at Rose, who was caring about him, and felt it very nice and warm for being taken care of.
	“You have no conscience at all?” The man asked with a frown on his face. His dark eyes were dark and sharp, and he stared at her motionlessly.
	“Mr. Lee, you don’t need my care as there are already many people by your side.” Rose smiled gently.
	“But they are inconsiderate.” His angular face instantly became cold.
	This woman really didn’t understand what gratitude was. He wanted to crack open her head to see what was in her.
	The atmosphere was a bit cold and stagnant. Rose secretly looked at the man’s side face, feeling that he was unhappy.
	Rose’s apricot-like eyes moved slightly, and then reached out to gently close his laptop. “There is always work to be done. Go and get some rest.”
	“I like finishing today’s work today.” Bright didn’t like procrastination, let alone inefficiency. “But health is the seed money for striving.” Rose stretched out to pull him up. “Listen to me, you’ll be more efficient after a good rest.”
	Bright was pulled up from the sofa by Rose, but he did not move like a mountain. The two of them competed with each other like that...
	Unexpectedly, she pulled open the strap of Bright’s nightgown!
	His vigorous physique showed in front of her.
	The texture was distinct, and every line was so sexy. It was the charm of masculinity and strength full of hormones... It was just like the male model from advertisements. So rare you would never have enough.
	“Ah—”
	Rose screamed, hurriedly to cover her eyes while turning around. The red glow on her pale face burned to the base of her ears. The pink on her cheeks had the crystal clearness of a rose, tempting Bright to have a pluck.
	Suddenly, a warm chest pressed against her back. There was an itchy sensation when Bright approached her.
	“Miss Linder can't wait any longer?” Bright said in a slow and magnetic tone.
	The freshness and indifference of a mature man that was unique to him faintly floated in the air. The smell was too deceptive and intoxicating.
	“I... I didn't mean it.” Rose denied. She didn't have any lust for him. “I didn't see anything either!”
	“Oh?” He dragged on the ending and was very playful. “Didn't see anything? Then I will satisfy you free of charge.”
	He held her shoulders with his palms and turned her around to face him, giving her enough benefits.
	Rose still closed her eyes tightly, refusing to open them.
	“Mr. Lee, can you wear your clothes properly?” Rose asked with a pleading tone. “It was an accident. I really didn't mean it.” She didn't have the guts either.
	“You help me wear it.” He became playful, just wanting to see her embarrassed, mainly because she was too cute.
	She didn't dare to open her eyes at all, how could she dress him?
	This man was tricking her!
	“It’s not like you don’t have hands…” Rose refused with a guilty conscience.
	“Otherwise, I will treat you how you treated me.” Bright didn't mean to let her off.
	It was useless for Rose to be dissatisfied. She looked at him with bitter eyes and had no choice but to compromise under his abuse.
	She could only squint her eyes slightly, try to raise her gaze where his collarbone was, and then stretch out her hand to find the belt of his nightgown and then carefully tied it up for him.
	She was very hopeless that her hands even shook.
	Bright enjoyed the entire process. Waves of laugh created ripples in his eyes, softening his cold face.
	Bastard, bad guy, devil...
	This man must have been enemies with her in his previous life, and in this life he came to defeat her. Otherwise, she would not have always made mistakes in front of him.
	“All done.”
	Rose didn't stay for even one moment and ran back to her room.
	This night, she slept a little unpeacefully. She even saw Bright’s figure in her dream, especially the pair of dark and sharp eyes that communicated messages.
	It was past seven o’clock when she woke up in the morning. Rose rubbed her eyes twice and quickly got up. After washing, she put on light makeup to make her complexion appear ruddy. She stepped into the living room and found that something was wrong. When she saw Bright again, she wanted to kneel down for him.
	“Mr. Lee, what are you doing?”
Chapter 19 Is He the Devil?
	Rose hurried to the semi-open kitchen and saw Bright standing by the kitchen counter with oil stains on his snow-white shirt.
	His ink hair was slightly messy, but it added a wild laziness. His rolled-up cuffs showed strong arms and his healthy complexion was full of masculinity. Even though the scene was in a mess, he was still charismatic like before.
	“I wanted to make breakfast for you...but it didn’t seem to go well.” Bright shrugged lightly, his face calm.
	Made breakfast for her?
	Rose was holding back her anger. When she heard him say that, she was like a deflated balloon and couldn’t even say one word of reproach.
	Moreover, he was born with everything he needed and didn’t need to handle anything himself. He had people who managed his basic necessities of life.
	Did she save the universe in her last life? She could actually make the deity Bright cook!
	Just for that, she let him off.
	“Mr. Lee, thank you for your intentions.” Rose sincerely thanked him. “But based on the situation now, there’s no way for us to have breakfast. Why don’t we eat out? I know a very delicious old restaurant. I’ll take you there to try what they have?”
	“Okay.” Bright was no longer polite.
	“Then you can sort things out first.” Rose raised her wrist and looked at the time, frowning. They were tight on time. “I’ll tidy up here.”
	Bright washed his hands, and returned to the guest bedroom and changed into a clean set of clothes.
	The dark blue suit, slender figure, and long straight legs could always attract everyone’s attention at first glance.
	When Bright was ready, Rose picked up her bag to left.
	Rose was about to take a taxi. When she went out of the unit door and saw Bill getting off the driver's seat. She gave up on the idea.
	After getting in the car, she told Bill the address, and the latter drove to Happy Folk Dim Sum based on the GPS.
	Although Happy Folk Dim Sum was a small store, it was an old store with more than 50 years of history. Its business went on quite well.
	“I'm going to line up to buy breakfast.” Rose pushed the door and got out of the car, but Bright held her arm. “No, let’s go to a different one.”
	The line to buy breakfast was that long, when would it ever be her turn.
	“It would be a waste if you came to City Y but didn’t have Happy Folk Dim Sum.” Rose thought that Bright, who was in a high position, looked down on this somewhat shabby old restaurant. “The food is really delicious. You won’t forget it once you have it.”
	Rose strongly recommended with smile in her eyes as if there were talking stars.
	“Wait here.” Rose lightly broke away from his palm. She pushed the door open and got out of the car.
	Bright sat in the car and watched her walk into the restaurant. Then he took out his phone and looked at Bill for a while and spoke. “Change the ticket to tomorrow.”
	“Tomorrow? The arrangement over there for the night...” Bill was shocked, thinking that their original plan would need to be changed.
	“Cancel it.” Bright pushed the door and got out after speaking.
	He stepped into the old restaurant; his dignified manner incompatible with the old restaurant.
	“Why are you here?” Rose saw him at a glance.
	“I'll line up. You can go and sit by the side.” Bright looked down slightly, and his gaze stopped on the five-inch black high heels on her feet.
	Besides, she was still in her menstrual period. As a man of demeanor, he really couldn't bear it.
	“It’ll be my turn soon. You can just go and see if there are empty seats,” said Rose.
	“Follow my words.” Bright took her wrist and pulled her out of the line while he stood in her spot. “You go find a seat and sit down.”
	Rose looked at him worriedly. He never experienced queuing since he was a child, right?
	Could he do it?
	“Little girl, see how much your boyfriend loves you.” An aunt smiled and spoke from behind.
	“It would be great if my daughter could be blessed like you.” Another also intervened. “Hehe...he is not my boyfriend.” Rose raised her hand and quickly denied it.
	This misunderstanding was really getting bigger. People would think Bright was her boyfriend wherever she went.
	If the husband heard that, who knew what kind of warning he would ask Mr. Faulkner to send.
	“Not boyfriend? Then I’m going to introduce my daughter to him.” The aunts were surprised at first and then overjoyed.
	“It's husband.” After Bright corrected, the joy in the aunts' eyes dimmed and they were disappointed while reminding Rose to cherish her husband.
	Rose bit her lip and stared at him. Just when she was about to correct him, he blew hot air in her ears, a little ambiguous and flirtatious. “Be obedient and get over there.”
	His voice was hoarse and teasing that no woman could resist.
	Rose didn't know if she was caught in his spell or if she became an idiot, but she actually obediently went to find a place.
	After a while, Bright brought over the breakfast he had bought.
	He took a tissue and wiped the table and stool in front of him twice before sitting down.
	“This place is indeed not suitable for you.” Seeing his mysophobia, Rose felt that she should not have brought him here to suffer.
	“Life is full of trials.” Bright put the corn porridge in front of her.
	Rose picked up the spoon and took two sips of the porridge. She picked up a steamed dumpling with meat and placed it in the small dish in front of Bright.
	“It is tasty. Try it.” Then she picked one and ate it herself.
	The man pursed his lips and smiled, then picked it up and took a bite. Good-looking people were even elegant when they ate.
	Rose felt that God was partial towards Bright. She could not help taking a couple more glances at him.
	His eyes fell on the corner of her mouth, which was stained with a little bit of soup.
	With a slight smile, he stretched out his hand and wiped her clean with his thumb. The temperature of his fingertips made Rose blush like fire.
	“Why do you like blushing so much?” He joked.
	“No.” She denied it, and continued to eat her food. “Are you going to eat or not. I'm almost late.”
	After breakfast, Rose also brought a portion for Bill, which made him extremely moved. “Thank you, Miss Linder.”
	Bill continued to drive and dropped Rose off at the entrance of YM Group.
	“Thank you.” Rose bent down after getting off the car and waved goodbye to Bright, who sat in the car.
	Bright looked at Rose with smile in her eyes and on her lips dazzling like a flower.
	The spring sun shone on her side face, making her skin crystal clear, beautiful and moving.
	“No problem.” Bright’s eyes were as clear as the evening sky.
	After that, he pushed the door and got out of the car, stretched out his hand to adjust his clothes, and took a step. “Let's go.”
	Rose licked the corner of her dry lips. “And... Mr. Lee, please don't bother with sending me up. I’ll be fine by myself.”
	Bright turned around and frowned slightly with a funny expression. “Who said I wanted to send you up?”
	“…”
	Huh? Then it was she who assumed too much!
	Rose bit her lip and squeezed her bare hand into a fist. She was really ashamed!
	“I suddenly remembered something important to discuss with CEO Dong.”
	This was his explanation?
	She refused it!
	Bright placed both hands in his pockets and took long strides. “You will be late in three minutes.”
	“Bright, are you the devil?”
Chapter 20 The Handsome Uncle Live
	After a busy day, Rose went to the kindergarten to pick Doris up, and then was about to go to the hospital to visit William.
	William was a teacher and friend of her. Without his help and support, Rose would not have achieved what she had today.
	“Rose, we haven't had hot pot for a long time. What about tonight?” Jane changed out of her kindergarten uniform and was back to being enchanting.
	Jane was lively and charming, and had a bold personality, but she chose to become a warm and simple kindergarten teacher, which surprised Rose quite a bit.
	“I'm going to the hospital to see president Quinn today.” Rose held Doris’ hand. “Or you go to the hospital with me. It won’t be too late for us to have hot pot after seeing president Quinn.”
	“Aunt Jane, there are handsome guys there. It’d be our waste if we didn’t look at them. Maybe you will find your husband. Don't be like my mother, who is obsessing over one person.” Doris took Jane's hand and shook it twice. “Let’s go.”
	Rose, “…”
	“A little girl with big ideas.” Jane was amused by Doris’ words, and poke Doris’ forehead.
	Jane, Rose, and Doris drove to the hospital together. Rose bought flowers and fruits to see William, but he was not in the ward.
	The sun was exceptionally bright today, so the nurse pushed him to the garden for some fresh air.
	Rose put down her things and took the elevator down to find William. She hurried across the hall but did not notice that a familiar figure was watching her.
	“Mr. Lee, isn't that Miss Linder?” Bill, who followed Bright a few steps behind, also recognized Rose. “Go back to the car and wait for me.”
	Bright turned around and took a few steps before entering an outpatient room.
	The door sign of the outpatient room read gynecology room VIP1.
	When Rose walked to the garden behind the hospital building, a nurse was just pushing William back, and they happened to meet each other’s gaze.
	William, who was in a wheelchair, looked at Rose, who stood on the curved steps, with surprise in his eyes.
	The afterglow of the setting sun in early spring covered William, as if he was plated in a layer of beautiful golden glow, making his already soft and handsome face even warmer, more elegant, and graceful like the spring breeze.
	She walked over and stood in front of William. He slightly looked up at her with a smile. “How did you have time to come here?”
	“I was done with work, so I came.” Rose’s eyes scanned him all over.
	“You have worked hard during this period of time.” William also watched the signing ceremony between the two parties. "Mr. Lee isn’t easy to get along with, right?”
	“It’s fine.” Rose didn't want to talk about Bright, so she changed the subject. “How is your recovery?”
	“The doctor said that I’ll be discharged from the hospital in a week.” William also felt that he was becoming wasted during the time in hospital.
	“Although our design department is still waiting for you to go back and preside over the overall situation, your health is more important.” Rose hoped from her heart that he could return to his best condition.
	“It's okay, don't worry.” William calmed her. “Sit down for a while.”
	“Yeah.” Rose sat down and accompanied him to enjoy the scenery under the willow tree by the lake.
	Jane took Doris to play under the curved porch in the garden and from time to time, looked at the two who sat side by side.
	The combination of handsome men and beautiful women was as warm and bright as a beautiful oil painting.
	“Doris, come here.” Jane waved at Doris.
	Doris walked over with the ball in her arms and sat next to Jane. “What's the matter?”
	“Does Doris like uncle Quinn?” Jane asked her.
	“I do.” Uncle Quinn was very kind to her, often visited them, and bought her toys.
	“Then let him take care of your mother and be your father, do you agree?” Jane was fighting for a chance for William.
	Over the years, she noticed William’s silent concern for Rose.
	He was indeed a good man who could be relied on for life.
	Doris replied without even slight hesitation. “Aunt Jane, uncle Quinn can't be my father.” “Why?” Jane frowned and wondered. “Didn't you say you like uncle Quinn?”
	“Me liking him is one thing. But my mother only treats him as a friend. Otherwise, there is no need for poor uncle Quinn wait for four years. My mom is too stubborn, like me.” Doris understood the relationship thoroughly like an adult.
	Jane opened her apricot-like eyes and really wanted to give a big compliment to Doris for her analysis.
	“Then in your opinion, is there still a chance to turn things around?” She raised her eyebrows slightly and looked at Doris with expectant eyes.
	Doris pouted lightly and shook her head. “I see none.”
	“Why? Don't you like uncle Quinn? If you help him, then you would be helping your mother as well.” Jane blinked at Doris charmingly.
	“Aunt Jane, so much for you being my mommy’s best friend. You don’t even know this.” Doris glanced at Jane with a face that asked whether she was a fake friend.
	Jane hit Doris lightly and smiled embarrassedly. “Please offer some advice, little princess Doris.”
	“Of course it’s because my mom loves my dad, so infatuated that even though my dad turned into a star in the sky, she still loves him as always. Just like my love for brother Dougie – until death.” Doris sighed sadly. “Such bad fate.”
	“…”
	Infatuation? Too much love?
	Stop being funny, okay?
	Jane really wanted to laugh but didn't dare to. She was afraid that she would become injured internally from holding back.
	“Aunt Jane, don't you believe me?” Doris pouted her pink lips, her big eyes flickering as she looked at Jane who covered her mouth with a hand and held back laughter.
	“I believe you.” Jane stretched out her hand and gently combed Doris’ fringes, and replied very seriously.
	In the heart of the child, she was the fruit of love of her parents and her birth came in their love.
	But Doris came accidentally and she was innocent...There were some truths Rose couldn't tell the child to hurt her innocent heart.
	“Doris’ dad and mom love each other very much.”
	Doris smiled with satisfaction. “Then I will continue to play with the ball.”
	“Go ahead.”
	Doris played around with the ball even though she was alone.
	Suddenly, the ball rolled out, and Doris hurried forward to chase it, trying to retrieve the ball. The ball kept rolling, rolling farther and farther, until it stopped in front of a pair of shiny black men's leather shoes.
	The man looked at Doris, who stood two steps away. His falcon-like black eyes were deep and bottomless.
	The little girl wore a light pink princess dress, sweet like a little princess running out of a fairy tale world. She was pink and lovely with a pair of big watery eyes, clean and pure, without a trace of the world’s impurities.
	Doris walked over and carefully looked at the tall Bright, her eyes twinkling and shining.
	He was the handsome uncle in the video in her mother's phone!
	She saw the real uncle live!
	Wow! He was so handsome...
	His legs were much longer than brother Dougie’s.
	Doris couldn’t help but swallow hard and asked brother Dougie in her heart to forgive her for changing her interest for a short while.
	Bright bent down. He picked up the ball, and handed it to her. “Little girl, is it your ball?”
	“Yeah.” Doris took the ball and said with a smile. “Uncle, are you so handsome that you don’t have friends?”
	“…” The topic changed too quickly.
	“Are you alone?” Bright looked around for her parents.
	“I'm with my mommy. Aunty is together with uncle.” Doris took the ball and held Bright’s hand with one hand. “Uncle, I have a surprise for you.”
Chapter 21 He Had Something Personal to Discuss with Her
	Bright looked the elf-like Doris and smiled.
	“What surprise?”
	“Come with me and you'll find out.” Doris held the ball in one hand and Bright’s hand in the other, afraid that he would leave.
	“I'm going to find a beautiful aunt now.” Bright squatted down and looked straight at Doris.
	After Doris heard the words “beautiful miss”, her eyes widened. “Is she handsome mister's girlfriend?”
	Bright smiled and rubbed the top of her soft hair. He shook his head. “No.”
	Okay, so mom still had a chance.
	Doris sighed in relief, but her eyes did not leave Bright’s handsome face at all.
	She felt close to this handsome uncle and she wanted to be closer to him.
	“I won't take too much of your time. Would that be okay?” Mom told her to not force people to do things against their will, so it was better to ask for the handsome mister’s opinions.
	Bright never liked to waste time on unimportant things, but he couldn't bear to refuse this little loli, and instead liked her for some inexplicable reason.
	He shook her hand, nodded in agreement, then stood up. “Lead the way, my little princess.”
	Seeing that he agreed, Doris rejoiced, her eyes smiling like crescent moons.
	Bright was infected by her smile and also smiled.
	Doris led him down the curved stairs.
	At the same time, Rose was going to push William back to the ward in the nurse’s place.
	As a result, the two parties met by the garden fountain, no more than five meters away from each other.
	When Bright and Rose saw each other, surprise and shock flashed across their eyes.
	Especially when Rose saw Doris holding Bright’s hand, her heartbeat almost stopped at that moment, as if there was an invisible hand holding her heart, making her uncomfortable as if she couldn’t breathe.
	Bright stared at Rose. His dark eyes were like deep pool and gradually narrowed, staring sharply at Rose, whose face was pale.
	She squeezed the handle of William’s wheelchair, getting tense, and she was afraid that Doris would call her mom.
	What she was afraid of became reality!
	After seeing Rose, Doris pulled away from Bright’s hand and shouted with excitement. “Mommy, look I found the handsome mister in your phone!”
	Then she ran towards Rose. Rose stood stiffly; her heart was already in turmoil. Not knowing what to do, Rose just watched Doris run towards to her.
	Well, even if Bright discovered the relationship between Doris and her, there was no way for her to deny that Doris was her own daughter. Nothing was more important than children.
	The determined Rose was still a step slower than Jane. The latter stepped forward and held Doris in her arms, and gently reminded, “baby, don't run this fast. It hurts for mommy to see you fall down.”
	Doris was hugged halfway by Jane, and her eyes moved cleverly.
	Aunt Jane claimed to be her mother, so there must be a problem.
	“Doris, we are now playing a game. From now on, I will be your mommy until this bad mister leaves. If you win, I will take you to see Dougie’s concert. How does that sound?” Jane used Doris’ favourite Dougie as bait.
	“Then we have a deal.” Doris was prepared to sacrifice that she didn’t even recognize her mother and didn’t want the handsome mister anymore.
	Jane resolved the difficult situation in this way, and also covered up the truth.
	She knew Rose would worry that the story of Doris’ birth would be discovered by Bright. All she could do was stand by her friend to fully support her, help her, and protect Doris.
	Rose’s stiff body began to gradually relax, her face was not as pale as before, and her expression became more relaxed.
	Bright walked steadily to William, his perfect side face stained with a warm orange colour from the sun set and his sharp figure outlined by the strong contrast between light and shadow.
	He was silent, but his aura was strong.
	“CEO Lee, I’ve heard of you and I’ve looked forward to meeting you for a long time.” William looked up slightly, his brows dyed with warm light, appearing exceptionally gentle.
	“Mr. Quinn, are you okay?” Bright had met William before.
	His reputation and ability were well known in the industry. Bright liked his skills and professional competency.
	“Thank you, CEO Lee for your concern. I will be discharged soon.” William thanked him. “After all, the City J Theater project is very important to your group. It’s the first time that Rose ever took on such a big project, so I’m afraid she would be too busy. I can’t be lazy as her boss and I need to take care of my people.”
	Listening to what William said, Bright felt that he was declaring sovereignty.
	“Mr. Quinn is really a good boss.” Bright raised his gaze and landed it on the silent Rose’s face. “Miss Linder, what do you think?”
	Rose, whose eyes were constricted because of guilty conscience and fear, lifted her curly long eyelashes slightly and smiled. “Mr. Quinn’s talent is hard to come by. He is also a good boss. I am very grateful to him for helping me grow.”
	She was really quite something. She even praised another man “with affection” in front of him. What was him, the outstanding “husband”, in her eyes?
	The thin layer of smile that Bright had in his eyes disappeared, his eyes returning to be calm as deep sea.
	Even though the sun hadn't completely set at this moment and the air was still warm from traces of sunlight, nothing could hide the terrifying aura around him.
	“Miss Linder, can we chat for a moment?” Bright’s adam's apple formed a sexy and sultry arc.
	“Is there anything you can’t say here? They are not outsiders.” Rose wasn’t afraid of being alone with him.
	“I have something personal to discuss with you.” He smiled like a scheming old fox, as if everything was under his control. “Are you sure you want me to speak here? It’s something private about you... It's hard for me to start talking.”
	William’s hands quietly clenched the armrest of the wheelchair because of Bright’s ambiguous words.
	Rose was a little embarrassed because of his triumphant smile. “CEO Lee should be responsible for his words.”
	“Of course, I’ll be responsible.” Bright turned around, not giving Rose the chance to hesitate.
	Because his tone was solemn, she dared not gamble.
	Rose struggled internally and released the handle of the wheelchair to follow behind Bright.
	William’s eyes followed Rose, feeling anxious and worried.
	Jane held Doris and was also extremely worried. It was Bright and Rose was at a disadvantage at any rate.
	In the arc-shaped corridor with hanging vines, the two stood opposite of each other.
	“What is it?” Rose looked at him while on high alert.
	Bright slowly took out an A4 paper from his suit pocket and handed it to her.
	Rose glanced at him suspiciously, then took the A4 paper and opened it up. When her eyes reached the last line, her pale face turned red, as if blood was dripping out.
	“Rascal!” Rose shyly kneaded the A4 paper into a ball.
Chapter 22 Covering Things Up for Fear of Reproach is Unacceptable
	Rose squeezed the A4 paper tightly in her hand. Although she tried her best to restrain herself, her fists still trembled uncontrollably.
	She wore a sullen look and looked at Bright as if he was worse than a beast.
	Bright frowned unhappily as well, and his eyes gradually became cold as he watched Rose.
	“I didn't do anything. Why do you call me like that? Or do you want me to do something to you, and turn rascal into a reality?”
	He was more innocent than the protagonist in The Injustice to Dou E!
	Rose didn’t know how to reply to him for a moment.
	“Even if you didn't do anything, you are still a rascal if you have such nasty thoughts!” She pursed her lips, still not being friendly to Bright.
	“Heh—” Bright snorted, thinking that what Rose said was really funny. “You have such thoughts?”
	Rose felt that Bright’s smile chilled her heart, giving her the illusion that she was wrong.
	Bright’s face was cold, a smile lifted the corner of his mouth that was stained with evil. He took one step closer to Rose, two steps, three steps...
	Rose, under his powerful aura and approach, took one step back, two steps, three steps...until her back touched the pillar.
	“What are you doing?” Rose was confused and in turmoil.
	It was daytime under the public, and Doris was present too.
	Jane stretched out her hand and gently pressed Doris’ head into her arms to cover Doris’ eyes.
	William looked at the scene, a rare coldness appeared on his gentle and handsome face, and waves surged in his chest.
	He turned the wheelchair by himself. “CEO Lee, please show respect to Rose.”
	Such posture was very ambiguous in the eyes of others. They looked like man and woman in love, flirting with each other, quite inappropriate for children.
	Bright glanced to the side; his eyes cold as ice. “Mr. Quinn, this is a private matter between Miss Linder and me. An outsider is in no place to intervene. Please behave yourself.”
	After speaking, he ignored William, who was fighting for Rose, but fixed his gaze on Rose.
	“Miss Linder, do you think I, Bright, am short of women that I developed such nasty thoughts?”
	“Or Miss Linder, you are too confident of yourself? You think that I, Bright, want to harass you?”
	“Miss Linder, this is just suggestion given by the doctor, not me. Besides, it’s your own body. What does it have to do with me? What would I lose, or rather what would I gain?”
	His words were sonorous and powerful.
	Rose stared at his handsome face close at hand, a 360-degree close-up. Even though there was frost gradually condensing under his eyes, it didn’t affect his exquisite perfection.
	Faced with his question, Rose could not answer a word, as if she had lost her language ability.
	“Miss Linder, covering things up for fear of reproach is unacceptable.” His lifted his thin lips and his hot breath swept across her, evading her breath.
	Bright’s dark eyes stared at Rose’s pale face that was stained with traces of red. The smile lifted the corner of his mouth widened a bit more, but there was no trace of any warmth.
	Afterwards, he turned around indifferently, and brushed past Rose’s thin shoulders staying for a second.
	Just as he walked up the curved stairs, he heard Doris’ soft and sweet voice behind him.
	“Handsome mister, wait up.”
	Doris struggled to get out of Jane’s arms, then ran towards Bright.
	She was only a little above Bright’s knees, so she could only look up at him.
	For convenience, Bright squatted down and smiled slightly. “What's the matter?”
	“Handsome mister, don't bully my mommy...'s good friend.” Doris made up for her slip of the tongue cleverly. “The teacher said boys can't bully girls. It’s called being a gentleman.”
	“This is not bullying.” Bright stretched out his hand and lightly placed it on Doris’ little shoulder.
	“If it's not bullying, then why was she afraid?” Doris saw her mother's expression.
	She loved her mother and wanted to protect her, but she also liked the handsome mister, so she felt conflicted.
	“It's your aunty who misunderstood and thought I was a bad guy who wanted to do bad things to her... Do you think I look like a bad guy?” Bright unconsciously explained to a five-year-old child. “You are still young. You will understand when you grow up.”
	“The adult world is too complicated.” Doris frowned in disgust, but then smiled. “But I believe mister is not a bad guy.”
	“Thank you, little princess.” Bright was so pitiful now that he needed the trust of a child, which was most likely the saddest moment in his life, but he felt happy. “What's your name?”
	“My name is Doris.” Doris’ smile gradually melted the frost under Bright’s eyes like a warm sun. The darkness in his eyes faded away to become clear like the sky and the sea.
	“Okay, I’ll remember you.” Bright stood up slowly. “Mister is leaving, goodbye.”
	“Mister is going to find the beautiful miss?” Doris still remembered that matter.
	The corner of Bright’s eyes swept across Rose’s direction. “No.”
	After waving to Doris, Bright left the garden.
	As soon as he left, it was as if the invisible pressure in the air disappeared.
	“Rose, are you okay?” Jane asked with concern, looking worried.
	“No.” Rose replied without must excitement. “President Quinn, I will push you back.”
	Rose didn't want to say more, so William didn't ask any more and let her push him back to the ward.
	Then when she was about to leave, William could not help but stop her, and asked her again. “Rose, don't be afraid, I will always stand by your side. I will find a way to recover the grievances you suffered from CEO Lee.”
	“There’s no need, president Quinn.” Rose shook her head. “I will take care of it myself, thank you. I'm leaving now.”
	As soon as Rose got out of the ward, she spoke to Jane. “Jane, take Doris and wait for me in the car. I will be there in a bit.”
	As she walked, she unfolded the A4 paper in her hand, which read gynecology clinic VIP1.
	When she opened the door, the doctor who was taking off lab white coat said, “Ms., we are off work.”
	“I only need a minute, is that okay?” Rose gave her the A4 paper. “Are you Doctor Loo? What's the matter with this diagnosis?”
	Dr. Loo looked at the crumpled consultation sheet. “I prescribed it. It was Mr. Lee who came to consult how to treat women’s menstrual pain. Based on what he said about his wife, I made the following suggestions. The first is to rest properly and pay attention to what she eats and drinks during her period.”
	“The second is to have intercourse more frequently because it helps with this problem. Or having a child – symptoms of dysmenorrhea disappear for some women after giving birth.”
	“This Mr. Lee is really kind to his wife. His wife was too shy and embarrassed to come, so he came for his wife. There are too few caring men like him.”
	The doctor highly praised Bright.
	“Hey, what is your relationship with this Mr. Lee? Are you his wife?”
Chapter 23 Come Back Fair and Square
	Rose didn't answer the doctor. She broke into a trot after saying thanks.
	At this moment, there was an indescribable feeling in her heart, a bit sour and a little moved.
	It was dark outside after eating hot pot with Jane. Rose brought the sleeping Doris into the children’s room.
	Jane was watching drama in the living room, as if waiting for her.
	“What happened to you over dinner tonight? You didn't have any interest at all. Are you sick?” Jane sat on the sofa, holding a pillow.
	Rose sat over and took a sip of water. “I blamed Bright unjustly.”
	“What is going on between you two?" Jane’s eyes were full of worry. She could no longer understand the relationship between Rose and Bright.
	Rose hesitated and told Jane about her menstrual pain. “...so he went to see the doctor for me, but I misunderstood him and called him a rascal.”
	She handed Jane the crumpled A4 paper.
	Jane took it with suspicion, then her eyes widened, and she laughed again. “Oh my God! He is Bright, famous across the nation. He actually went to ask the doctor for you about something as trivial as menstrual pain? This is definitely big news, it's worth a lot of money.”
	Jane thought at the scene at the time, and she trembled. It was too beautiful to imagine.
	“I feel like he is not as cold as the rumours say during this period of time I was in contact with him.” Rose felt that the man wasn’t the same as the rumours stated. Even though he looked cold and it was hard to get close to him, she could feel the softness in his heart.
	“So?” Jane waited for her next words.
	“Today I can tell that Doris also likes him very much. Being related by blood isn’t something you can ignore, which was why they were especially close to each other.” Rose saw the stars in Doris’ eyes when she smiled at Bright. “It’s almost time for parent-child activities of this kindergarten semester, right? Every time you accompanied us in parent-child activities, but I can feel Doris’ disappointment when she saw other children’s dad, yet she doesn’t have one herself…”
	“Did you want to tell Bright that Doris is his daughter?” Jane had already guessed what Rose was thinking of, but she did not agree. “Rose, you know better than me how Doris came into this world. If Bright knew that you gave birth to Doris as part of a plan to save another man and involved him in your scheme, what would he think? What will Doris think?”
	“Furthermore, the Lee family is a century-old noble family. They are a family looked up to by others in the country. They are truly rich. They will not allow their blood to get lost outside. They can accept children, but can they accept you? You and Doris may be separated forever.”
	“Someone like Bright with the ability to achieve his current position already shows that he is not a simple. I heard that he even involved in his own father in his schemes and harmed his biological elder brother that he is in still lying in the hospital to this day. He even regarded his stepmother’s child as a thorn in the eye. What could a man like this be someone kind?”
	“What you see is only a superficial illusion. Don't be misled by his handsome appearance and make irrational decisions. This may affect you and Doris’ life.”
	“Rose, I just don’t want you to be hurt. You also said that you’ll be keeping a distance from him, the farther away the better. It’s for your good and for Doris’ good.”
	It wasn’t that Rose didn’t understand what Jane said, but there was a voice in her heart that kept telling her that Bright was definitely not such a bad person.
	She couldn’t make up a good excuse for Doris’ birth.
	No man wanted to be used as a pawn in this way, in case it angered him... the consequences would be disastrous.
	So conflicting...
	“You're right. I didn’t consider enough details.” Rose agreed with Jane’s analysis. It was better to be prepared for all eventualities.
	“Rose, I also hope you can be happy and Doris can have a father who loves her. With so many men in this world, there will be one willing to cherish you.” Jane took Rose’s hand and held it. “In fact, president Quinn is great and likes Doris. Are you really not going to consider him?”
	“Marriage is a matter between two families. I have a child, so I don't want to harm an outstanding young man.” Rose saw things clearly and didn’t want to bother others and create trouble. “And I have more important things to do.”
	The more important thing she referred to was her grandma’s 80-year-old birthday banquet one month later.
	It was springtime, the weather was getting warmer, and the air was filled with a faint, refreshing fragrance.
	City H’s hibiscus bloomed brightly in the bright sunshine. Thousands of flowers bloomed densely on the tree, like clusters of burning flames.
	Rose returned to City H again and sighed when remembering the past.
	Nora brushed off the bright red hibiscus from her shoulders. “You really meant it when you said you are never going to come back.”
	“Nora, thank you.” Rose smiled gratefully at the only person she kept in touch with in City H. Grandma's birthday banquet was originally going to happen on the weekend but moved forward four days ahead of schedule. It was scheduled for this Wednesday. She knew what they planned on.
	“What are you thanking me for?” Nora smiled playfully; her eyes were seductive and bright. “Are you ready?”
	“Of course.” Rose’s smile was perfect.
	She had waited hard just for the day she could come back fair and square.
	Nora took Nora’s arm and walked with her onto the red carpet at the entrance of the Peninsula Hotel. She handed forward the invitation letter and entered the ballroom.
	Nora chuckled and greeted the people in the hall. She received amazement and compliments along the way, easily becoming the focus of the banquet.
	They went to grandma Linder together, and Rose’s appearance surprised Chandler and Joy.
	They saw the daughter they had not seen for five years lose her 20-year-old youth and innocence, becoming mature and elegant, every gesture refined and graceful.
	Grandma Linder looked at Rose, her cloudy eyes gleaming brightly after she identified Rose. “Is Rose back?”
	“Grandma, it's me, I came back to see you.” Rose smiled and hugged her grandma while tears gleamed in her eyes. “Grandma, happy birthday! I wish you happiness and good health!”
	“Good, grandma is very happy. Let grandma take a good look.” Grandma Linder grabbed her hand excitedly, worry in her eyes. “You’ve lost weight. You have suffered a lot from studying and working abroad in the past five years, right? Why do you work so hard? Promise grandma that you won't leave after coming back this time.”
	Rose looked up at Chandler and Joy and curled her mouth into a snicker.
	It turned out that they lied to her grandma that she went abroad. They probably didn't dare to tell grandma about her being kicked out of the Linder family because they were afraid of making grandma angry.
	“Okay, I won’t leave, I'll stay with my grandma.” Rose smiled and looked at her parents. “Dad, mom, do you agree?”
	The smiles on Chandler and Joy’s face started to deteriorate.
Chapter 24 Tell Me About Your Grievances
	Chandler and Joy didn’t accept this indecent daughter from the bottom of their hearts, nor did they want her to come back to destroy the happiness and warmth of their family.
	Moreover, five years ago, she had been driven out of the Linder family in front of many media. Rose’s return to the Linders would be an embarrassment to themselves.
	“Mr. and Mrs. Linder, don't you know Rose? Why are you not happy at all when your daughter is back?” Nora deliberately raised her soft and pleasant voice.
	Grandma Linder recovered from the excitement of seeing Rose and found that her son and daughter-in-law hadn’t spoken. She frowned. “Rose is talking to you. Are you deaf?”
	“Mom, today is your 80th birthday, let’s discuss this after we go home.” Chandler replied evasively.
	“Yes, mom.” Joy echoed her husband's words.
	“Yes, today is my 80th birthday, so I have the final say.” Grandma Linder was very dissatisfied with the Linder couple’s response. She didn't let go of Rose’s hand for a single moment. “Rose, you will come home with me when the banquet is over. Tonight, stay with grandma to make some small talk. You…child, you are so thin... Grandma really feels bad.”
	In this family, only grandma loved her the most.
	Her biological parents hated her and wished she would disappear forever.
	Rose already knew what her parents thought of a long time ago, but her heart would still be filled with sadness when she saw them again.
	She and Sophie were both their own flesh and blood, so how could they bear to be so cruel to her?
	“Grandma, I just have a thin face. I still have quite a bit of weight on my body.” Rose comforted her grandma. After all she was already 80-year-old, and her health has always been quite poor.
	“Grandma, do you think Rose looks good in this dress?” Nora also subtly diverted Grandma Linder's attention.
	Rose wore elegant makeup, her beautiful Korean-style hair was fluffy and lazy, and her swan neck was white and graceful, as noble as a princess.
	A goose-yellow tube top dress made her skin look porcelain white and charming. The waist was decorated with shiny fine diamonds and the hem of the veil was like a cloud.
	She was pure, sexy, and graceful, making people wonder how there could be someone so perfect and exquisite!
	“Beautiful, very beautiful.” Grandma Linder smiled with satisfaction. In her eyes, her elder granddaughter was the most beautiful princess.
	“Grandma, who are you praising about being beautiful?” It was a sweet female voice with traces of playfulness.
	“Sophie, see who it is.” Grandma Linder happily pulled Rose in front of her.
	Sophie’s laughter stopped abruptly when she saw that it was Rose. Shock flashed across her beautiful eyes and the smile on her face froze for a few seconds, but she quickly recovered.
	The man she held onto was Sky. They were officially married three years ago, and she became Sky’s wife.
	Their wedding was very grand. It lasted for three days and three nights. They were a trending topic, fully showing everyone Sophie’s happiness.
	The healthy Sky had clean eyebrows, fair skin, vermilion lips, and a vigorous look. His eyes were darker than before and were especially cold when he looked at Rose.
	When he misunderstood and abandoned her five years ago, Rose knew that the warm and caring boy she once liked was gone.
	“So it’s sister who came back. I haven't seen you for five years. I really miss you.” Sophie pretended to hold Rose’s hand, but Rose avoided her.
	Nora also took a step to block Sophie, with sarcasm in her eyes. “Since you guys are so close to each other, why didn’t you search for her these past five years? You even married your sister’s fiancée to replace her…you’ve really missed her quite a lot.”
	“Although Rose is kind and generous and won’t fuss over it, I’m petty. If anyone bullies Rose in front of me, I won’t treat her very nicely!”
	Nora wore a red high-slit dress with a sling V neckline. With charming eyes, flaring red lips, snow-white porcelain skin, and long dark-grey hair in big wavy curls, Nora looked tall, domineering, and enchanting.
	Nora and Rose were like two sister flowers, one like fire and the other like ice. They made the beautiful and sweet Sophie much less attractive and became the most beautiful women at the banquet.
	Sophie looked at Rose, who she hadn’t seen for five years and found that time treated her well over the years. She changed from naivete to maturity, so charming that she attracted men’s gaze.
	She was jealous of Rose and had been jealous since she was a child.
	She unconsciously held Sky’s arm tighter. She was afraid that Sky would waver when he saw Rose after she transformed.
	“Rose, look at how pretty sister is.” Sophie cautiously tested Sky’s attitude towards Rose.
	“You are the most beautiful in my heart.” Sky raised his right hand and lightly covered the back of Sophie’s hand with his, spoiling her.
	“Sky, you are so kind...” Sophie blushed shyly. “You are my wife, and I will treat you well for the rest of my life.” Sky calmed Sophie and looked at Nora with distance between them. “So please be careful with your words, Miss Cooper. I am the one who proposed to Sophie. If you have any complaints or anger, come at me.”
	Sophie looked at Sky beside her, her eyes watery from being moved. Her vermillion lips lifted up into a smile. “Sky, thank you.”
	Those who show off their love will die the earliest!
	Nora sneered coldly, full of disdain, feeling disgusted.
	“Since we’ve gotten to this point, I also want to say something.” Grandma Linder became serious and asked Sky. “Sky, why did you break the engagement with Rose and marry Sophie? What's wrong with Rose?”
	“Mom, when it comes to young people's feelings, we as the elders shouldn’t interfere. We just need to give them our blessings.” Chandler spoke first, wanting to stop Grandma Linder from delving into it. “And now it is not an appropriate time to talk about this.”
	“Mom, Sky and Sophie were in love with each other so it’s natural for them to get together.” Joy spoke for her younger daughter under the pretense of true love.
	“I don't want to listen to you guys, I want to listen to Sky.” Grandma Linder was very angry that they always got in the way. “It doesn’t matter who was right or wrong, what I want to know is the truth.”
	“Grandma, I just want to say that I am not sorry toward anyone, I just made the most correct choice.” Sky’s eyes were cold.
	“That’s bull!” Nora exploded and swore inelegantly. “Sky, not only are your eyes blind, your heart is also freaking blind—”
	Rose stopped Nora, who wanted to fight for her. Since grandma was here, and it was her 80th birthday, she didn’t want to hurt her grandma, who was worried about her, and didn't want to ruin her grandma's birthday banquet.
	She could solve her own issues by herself, slowly, and after five years of waiting, she was not in a hurry.
	“Rose, tell grandma if you have any grievances. Grandma will help you and will never let anyone hurt you.” Grandma Linder felt sorry for this strong yet silly girl.
Chapter 25 The Elegant Man
	“Grandma, I—” As Rose opened her mouth to talk, Sophie also spoke.
	“Sky, where’s the present you prepared for grandma?” Sophie gently pulled on Sky’s sleeve to remind him.
	Sky handed the gift to Grandma Linder. “Grandma, happy birthday!”
	“Grandma, happy birthday!” Sophie smiled sweetly. “Grandma, this is a birthday gift Sky and I carefully selected for you. Take a look. Do you like it?”
	Grandma Linder took it over but didn't mean to open it.
	She had always been brooding about the fact that this younger granddaughter replaced Rose and married Sky.
	She always felt that the matter of their breakup was not so simple, but she never had the opportunity to ask clearly.
	And her health has been deteriorating in recent years. She has been recuperating in Switzerland for many years. Her biggest hope coming back this time was to see Rose and see if she had any that was too painful to talk about.
	“Some people are so guilty that they can't remain calm anymore.” Nora mocked Sophie, who had lost some composure just now because of anxiety.
	“Miss Cooper, we welcome you to come to my mother’s birthday banquet, but if you want to get involved with our family matters, then don’t blame me for being rude as your elder.” Chandler looked at Nora with displeasuring, hoping that she would not say anything inappropriate in public.
	Family matters? Rose was expelled from the Linder family. Did she still count as a member of the Linder family?
	“Mr. Linder, I am really not interested in your family matters at all. As Rose’s best friend, I just want to be by her side. I don't want her to be bullied for nothing.” Nora still did not back down in the face of Chandler’s unwelcoming tone.
	“Miss Cooper, look at what you are saying... We are Rose’s parents and relatives. We will never ignore anyone bullies her.” Joy was sophisticated, which made people unable to find fault in her words.
	Nora did not answer, but the word “hypocrisy” showed in her beautiful eyes as she looked at Joy.
	“Who dares to bully Rose when grandma is here?” Grandma Linder domineeringly guarded her beloved granddaughter and looked at Sky. “Sky, I brought Rose up from a young age. I know her character very well. She is definitely not the type to be irresponsible in a relationship. Are you misunderstanding her?”
	“Grandma, I have seen it with my own eyes. There is no misunderstanding.” Sky said affirmatively.
	As soon as he thought of Rose holding the child, his heart felt suffocated.
	“Saw it with your own eyes? What did you see? Show grandma the evidence.” Grandma Linder frowned.
	“Grandma, I don’t want to enquire about things that happened in the past. Let it pass. The important thing is that I am very happy now. I just want to cherish the person around me who really loves me and who I also love, and that’s good enough for me.” Sky clasped Sophie’s hand next to him, his cold eyes becoming soft.
	Sophie met Sky’s warm eyes. She was really moved.
	She felt that everything she did was worthwhile. Even if Rose would hate her for life, she didn’t mind.
	“Sure enough, men are all as changeable as the moon.” Nora snorted coldly.
	“Miss Cooper, don’t stereotype men. I am not such a person.” A joking voice came.
	It was the Clark family’s sixth son, Jayden, who was always cynical.
	Today he wore a grapefruit red suit with a golden rhinestone deer head pin on the. Together with a blue, white, and red-coloured fine-vertically striped floral shirt and white trousers, he looked fancy and dandy, but stylish and serious.
	“I am wholeheartedly dedicated to Rose. She is the only one my eyes. God can prove it.” Jayden stretched out his hand to gently clasp Rose’s thin shoulders and grinned, revealing his white teeth.
	“Grandma Linder, happy birthday. I wish you a happy and long life.” He brought a gift.
	“How come you are here?” Rose was surprised. Jayden didn't like attending such banquets since he was a child. He would rather hide in peace at home by himself.
	“Because I knew you were back, so I came right away. You see that I miss you so, are you very moved?” Jayden raised a brow, his peach blossom-shaped phoenix eyes sending out waves of affection towards Rose. He also looked at Sky on the opposite side, as if trying to provoke him.
	“Moved, very moved.” Rose cooperated with Jayden and was thankful to Jayden for coming to support her from the bottom of her heart.
	“Since you are moved, why don’t you follow me. I will love you and protect you for life.”
	“...” Rose smiled as beautiful as a flower, but in her heart, she asked if they were acting a bit too much?
	Afterward, Jayden took Rose’s hand and put away the cynicism on his face. His charming face registered seriousness. “Grandma Linder, we really don’t have to worry about marrying Rose, as she is so beautiful and charismatic. Tom, Dick and Harry are no match for her. If you don’t mind, you can rest assured and let me take care of Rose.”
	Jayden also assuredly patted his chest and raised his brows in Sky’s direction. The irony in his words was strong.
	The expressions on Sky, Sophie, Chandler, and Joy went cold because of the words “cats or dogs”.
	On the other hand, Nora looked like she was watching a good show, and calmly gave Jayden countless praises in her heart.
	Sophie saw Sky appearing indifferent and calm on the surface, but clenching his fist secretly, trying his best to restrain his anger.
	“Jayden, who are you calling Tom, Dick and Harry?” She couldn't bear anyone humiliating Sky.
	“Whoever answered me.” Jayden smiled brightly, but the light in his eyes piercing Sophie like a cold sword.
	“You—” Sophie turned pale with anger and didn't know how to respond.
	Sky tightened his clasp on her waist to prevent her from replying further.
	“Grandma, we are going to greet our relatives and friends first.” Sky was too generous to care about Jayden and was about to leave with Sophie.
	“No one is allowed to leave until I finish speaking!” Grandma Linder's tone was filled with rare anger.
	At this time, Chandler’s assistant trot over and whispered. “Mrs. Linder, CEO Linder, Madam, a distinguished guest is here.”
	As soon as he finished speaking, there was a commotion at the door. Everyone looked up and the crowd gave way.
	She remembered that face deeply.
	Long eyebrows reaching the temple, ink eyes deep like an endless abyss with lights of wisdom, and thin lips like blade, sexy and perfect – it was a face more handsome than male celebrities in the entertainment industry.
	Exquisite, perfect, flawless...
	She couldn't find better vocabulary to describe this handsome man.
	The well-respected man arrived gracefully, noble like a god and even more dazzling than the brilliant crystal lamp.
	“Miss Linder.” His thin lips spoke her name generously, making her heart beat faster. “Long time no see.”
Chapter 26 What if He Likes You
	After Bright’s words, Chandler, Joy, Sophie... and others all showed looks and surprised as doubts arose in their hearts.
	For someone as distinguished as Bright, Rose was just an abandoned daughter who was banished from the Linder family. How could she get involved with him?
	Rose fluttered her eyelashes and smiled, refreshing and pleasant. “Yeah, it's been a long time, CEO Lee.”
	It had been a while since they parted on bad terms last time.
	She did not expect to meet Bright at her grandma's 80th birthday.
	She had never heard of City J’s Lee family having any relationship with City H’s Linder family. Why did he come?
	His handsome face was close in front of her, forcing her to narrow her gaze slightly and quiet down her breathe.
	Her slender and thick eyelashes cast clear shadows on her white porcelain skin, and her quiet and elegant posture resembled an elegant white lotus.
	“Rose, who is he?” It was Jayden who broke the stagnant atmosphere first.
	“He is CEO Lee from City J’s HY Group.” Rose gave a brief introduction to Hayden. “CEO Lee, this is the sixth son of the Clark family, Jayden.”
	“I'm here to give birthday greetings to Mrs. Linder. I'm not interested in others.”
	Bright’s eyes swept over the hand that Jayden placed on Rose’s shoulder. It hurt his eyes.
	Rose felt that his mere glance made her back chill and she instinctively trembled, trying to break away from Jayden’s hand. However, it led him to clasp her shoulders even tighter, not letting her escape.
	“Same.” Jayden chuckled and didn't care.
	“That would naturally be the best.” There was a shadow in the bottom of Bright’s eyes.
	For some reason, she felt like a wife who was caught by her husband in the act.
	Bright gave the birthday present he brought to grandma Linder. “Mrs. Linder, I wish you a long life full of happiness. This is from my grandma. Please accept it.”
	It turned out that he was here for his grandma. When did Bright’s grandma and her grandma have such a good relationship?
	“Thank your grandma for me. It’s really thoughtful of her.” Grandma Linder accepted the gift and passed it to Chandler.
	Naturally, Chandler had heard of Bright’s name before. Bright’s fame and reputation were godlike existences among the businessmen. He dreamt about cooperating with Bright and to his surprise, an opportunity came by easily.
	“Thank you very much, CEO Lee, for making this special trip. Please forgive me for the poor reception.”
	“It is also a kind of fate to be able to meet Miss Linder here.” Bright mentioned Rose again, as if paying special attention to her.
	After all, Bright was cold and hard to get close to, and he never took the initiative to approach women. He didn’t even have scandals, but he took the initiative to get close to Rose, making others unable to help but guess the relationship they had.
	Chandler asked with an inquisitive smile. “It seems that CEO Lee and Rose are close?”
	“We are not.” Rose spoke first. She didn’t want others to misunderstand their relationship and cause him trouble.
	But in Bright’s eyes, it seemed that Rose was eager to separate herself from him so that Jayden wouldn’t misunderstand.
	“CEO Linder, Miss Linder is now the main designer of HY Group’s City J Theater. I am solely responsible for this project and I am cooperating with Miss Linder. Miss Linder is so capable at such a young age, which is very outstanding. I feel relieved that this project is in her hands.” Bright praised Rose for a while and appeared very satisfied of her work.
	Rose was surprised. He praised her that much – was he helping her?
	Bright didn’t show any emotion on his face. He calmly cast his eyes on Rose.
	“Really?” Chandler had a smile on his face, but he couldn't smile in his heart.
	The expelled daughter had a better relationship with Bright than he did, as the father. Her ability really made him see her in a new light.
	“CEO Lee, my daughter has a bad temper and is quite stubborn. I'm afraid it's caused a lot of trouble to CEO Lee. It should be my responsibility, as the father, to apologize to you.”
	Although Chandler admitted that Rose was the daughter of the Linder family, his words devalued Rose as if she was worth nothing.
	“Dad, it has been five years since I left home. I am no longer the same person I was five years ago.” Rose countered, not willing to be controlled by anyone.
	“Mr. Linder, you have been worrying too much. I admire Miss Linder very much. We cooperate very well both at work and in private.” Bright smiled as he blurted out an ambiguous sentence came.
	Rose looked at Bright’s deep eyes, as quiet as a lake, and really didn't understand why he said that.
	But it attracted Joy’s anger and Sophie’s jealousy.
	“Thank you, CEO Lee, for your favour. I will work harder on this project and will not let you down.” Rose felt complicated and led the topic to work.
	“I look forward to you giving me more surprises.” Bright said goodbye to grandma Linder and left.
	Rose breathed a sigh of relief as Bright disappeared into the background of the banquet hall entrance.
	There was an endless stream of guests. Rose, Nora, and Jayden retreated to a corner of the banquet hall.
	“Rose, I haven't seen you in these years. You’ve really improved! What is the relationship between you and Bright?” Nora leaned against the Roman pillar, holding a wine glass in her left hand and her left elbow in her right hand. She appeared charming and attractive.
	“Professional relationship.” Rose drank the golden champagne in her hand in one gulp.
	“Don't fool me and Jayden.” Nora didn't believe it. “I don't believe that there is no adultery between you guys.”
	“He likes you.” Jayden affirmed, sitting on the single sofa with his head in one hand.
	At that time, Bright looked at him with a murderous look.
	If he wasn’t powerful, he would definitely be killed by the glance in Bright’s eyes.
	“He likes me?” Rose laughed as if she heard a big joke. “You guys really aren’t being responsible for your words.”
	Nora and Jayden looked at each other in secret, then asked her. “Which law stipulates that he can't like you?”
	Rose took another glass of wine, shook it gently, and the golden whirlpool dazzled under the crystal lamp. “I am already a married woman. Even if I weren’t, I have a kid! He is Bright, a godlike man dreamed about and chased after by countless women. What woman can’t he have? Would he like a divorced single mother? Is he blind or does his brain have problems?”
	After speaking, she emptied her wine glass.
	“What if he likes you?” Nora asked her.
	“I don't like him.” Rose said firmly, followed by another cup.
	At the same time, a message came arrived on Rose’s phone that read, “Rose, room 1888, Four Seasons Hotel, see you at half past nine. Bright.”
	Although it was just a short sentence, it revealed a forceful feel, just as domineering as himself.
	Meet him? Or not?
Chapter 27 Will Definitely Have You Married
	The birthday banquet ended at nine o'clock. Rose was stopped by Grandma Linder, and they went back to the Linder family’s villa together.
	The car drove slowly into the villa. After five-years, Rose returned to the Linder’s house again, but everything felt so strange and unfamiliar to her as if she never lived and grew up there.
	Back at the house, no one except grandma really welcomed her. They were even disgusted, but she didn't care at all.
	Rose helped her grandma sit on the sofa in the living room. Chandler and Joy sat together, and Sophie and Sky sat beside them – a family of four, warm and complete.
	And she was the extra one.
	“Grandma, let me help you go back to your room and rest.” Rose saw that it was late.
	“I have something to say.” Grandma Linder blocked the hand that Rose stretched out to help her and pulled Rose to sit next to her.
	“Mom, it's late. We’ve had a tired day. Why don’t we talk about it tomorrow?” Chandler was also a little tired, but it was more that he didn’t want to talk about Rose returning to the Linder family.
	“Yes, mom, the doctor has said that you should rest more because it’s good for your health.” Joy also fulfilled her responsibility as the daughter-in-law.
	“What? I'm not dead yet and you all don't want to listen to me anymore?” Grandma Linder was well aware of what they thought that she roared out of anger.
	“Mom, we didn't mean that, don't be angry,” said the couple.
	“Grandma, don't be angry. Seeing you this way makes me sad.” Rose frowned and said worriedly.
	Grandma Linder looked at the sensible Rose, patted the back of her hand lightly, and comforted her. “I'm fine.”
	Then she looked at the other four in the room. “I know my condition. I could just survive for more than a few years. Today is my 80th birthday, my only wish is to know what happened that year. Why did Sky separate from Rose? I want to know if Rose was wronged!”
	Sky and Rose were childhood sweethearts and loved each other.
	There was nothing to complain about Sky’s character and family. She and her husband approved of him as their grandson-in-law.
	To her surprise, after her husband passed away and she went abroad to recuperate, she returned to attend the wedding of Sky and Sophie... and was told that Rose went abroad.
	Sky remained silent, lowered his head slightly, and wrinkled his brows.
	“Sky, if you betrayed Rose and went to Sophie, then I, an old lady, won’t let you off easily.” Grandma Linder saw that he didn't say anything and couldn't restrain her anger.
	The thought that Rose had been away from home for five years and didn't know how much she had suffered made her blame herself.
	“Grandma, this is not Sky’s fault. I and Sky are in love. We just want to be together.” Sophie said the “truth”. “Grandma, even if you care about sister, you should not be so biased. I am also your granddaughter. In your eyes, my happiness is not as important as sister’s?”
	“Sophie, don't talk to grandma like that.” Chandler scolded his daughter.
	“Mom, Sophie is immature, don't blame her.” Joy glared at her daughter.
	“Sky...” Grandma Linder called Sky’s name.
	“Grandma, I...” Sky couldn't speak. His eyes fell on Rose.
	When he knew that Rose betrayed him, he was really hurt and pained, and hated that she gave up easily. But everything happened a long time ago and even though he still hated her, he didn’t want to talk about what happened back then. He wouldn’t be a man if he did.
	“Grandma, I don't like Sky.” Rose stretched out her hand to caress her grandma's chest and took the responsibility.
	If grandma continued to ask questions like this, Rose was afraid knowing the truth would only make her relapse.
	“Rose, you don't have to lie to grandma. Grandma saw your feelings for Sky. You like Sky.” Grandma Linder refused to believe it, still trusting her intuition.
	“Grandma and grandpa liked Sky very much back then. If you guys like him, then I like him, otherwise I won't be engaged to him. Later I didn't like him. Now, since Sophie likes Sky, then we should let them be together.” Rose smiled with relief, suppressing the bitterness in her smile.
	Grandma Linder frowned. She did not speak, but still had doubts.
	“Grandma, I am having a great time now. This is more important than anything. Let the past pass. The future is more important. I will meet someone better for sure.” Those words were meant to both comfort and explain.
	Grandma Linder looked at her granddaughter for a long time, distressed tears floated in her eyes, and spoke quietly. “It's grandma’s fault. Don't worry, Rose, grandma will definitely find you someone better than Sky!”
	“There’s no need, grandma.” Rose didn't want her grandma to do anything pointless. She didn't have any intention to getting into a relationship at the moment. “Marriage depends on fate.”
	“Fate? Is that CEO Lee?” Grandma Linder was also impressed with Bright today. “Do you need my help?”
	Rose was embarrassed. How did the conversation turn to Bright?
	“Grandma, he and I only have a professional relationship.” Rose raised her hands and swore. “Don't be silly.”
	The light in Grandma Linder’s eyes faded and dimmed. “Rose, it’s not that grandma is criticizing you. You see Sophie is married even though she’s younger than you and the same goes for your best friend Nora, who was married to Alan at the age of twenty and has been married for five years. Why don't you learn from Nora so grandma doesn’t have to worry as much? Grandma just want to find someone whom you can entrust the rest of your life to before I pass away so that grandma can go to your grandpa and tell him that there’s someone helping us take care of you and love you in our place.”
	“Grandma, don't say that, you will live until you are a hundred.” Rose changed the subject. “As long as you rest and convalesce, I will stay with you every day until you get annoyed and no longer want to see me.”
	She would not leave this time she came back, otherwise there would be no such opportunity for her to gain a foothold in the Linder family.
	From then on, she would slowly revenge on the people who betrayed her and hurt her.
	Grandma Linder was naturally happy when she heard that Rose was going to stay. “Then it's settled. You will stay with my grandma in the future. Grandma will definitely have you married.”
	Rose, “...”
	The topic somehow still went back to her marriage.
	“Okay, okay, okay, as long as you take good care of yourself, everything is up to you.”
	Rose coaxed her grandma, making her very happy, and treated the others like air.
	Afterward, she helped her grandma back to the room to rest, and after staying with her until she went to sleep, Rose left gently.
	The living room was empty, only Elena, who was new to the house, came forward and spoke to Rose. “Miss Rose, your room is the guest room on the third floor. I will take you there.”
	“There’s no need. I'm more familiar than you are.” Rose smiled slightly. She wasn’t going to let them as a guest so easily.
	Rose looked up at the second floor and lightly lifted her skirt to head upstairs.
	She did not go to the third floor, but went to the second floor to the bedroom just around the corner. Elena paled when she saw, and hurried after. “Miss Rose, that is not your room.”
	Rose didn't pay attention to Elena’s effort to stop her at all. She pushed open the bedroom door.
	In the bedroom, Sky sat on the sofa while Sophie straddled his lap. The suspender nightdress on Sophie was half down, revealing her entire snow-white back.
	How inappropriate for children...
Chapter 28 Why Should I Forgive You?
	Sophie held her fair arms around Sky's neck and was eager to kiss him.
	She kissed Sky ardently and loosened his pajamas. Sky felt overwhelmed by her enthusiasm today.
	He grabbed Sophie's hands as she got close, and said, "I'm a bit tired today, Sophie. Let's take a rest tonight."
	"Sky, don’t worry. I can do more tonight." Sophie pulled her hands out and wanted to continue.
	But Sky seemed extremely tired, with his eyes squinting. He was worn out.
	"Sophie, can we do that another day? I felt exhausted today." Sky gently turned her down again.
	"Sky, don't you love me anymore?" Sophie was nursing a grievance and her eyes filled with tears, because she was rejected more than once tonight.
	"No, I don’t mean that. I'm really tired." said Sky. He took her cheek in both hands and kissed her lips. "Don't think too much."
	"Sky, ah!" Sophie suddenly fell down on the carpet.
	Sky was surprised to see Rose appear aside the door quietly. He instinctively pushed Sophie out of his lap and stood up.
	He looked coldly at Rose as she burst into the bedroom. He gradually turned angry.
	Sophie felt embarrassed and pulled up her nightgown quickly and stood up. She looks at Rose with great anger. How dare Rose interrupt them!
	"Sorry for bothering you." said Rose. But she didn’t apologize sincerely. And she even looked around the bedroom unscrupulously.
	"Please get out of my room at once!” Sophie pointed to the door and said. Her arm was shaking with anger.
	Elena soon arrived and was astonished at the scene. She apologized, "I'm sorry, I failed to stop Rose. Rose, this is the bedroom of Sophie and the uncle. How can you break into it? Come out with me now!"
	Elena wanted to hold Rose’s hands but failed. Rose smiled brightly and said, "Dear sister, I am the eldest daughter of Chandler Linder. As long as I'm still alive, you have to listen to me. Please know yourself clearly and stop being an ostrich."
	"What’s more, this bedroom belonged to me. But if you really like it, I can give it to you. It will be the same if you want to tempt my man. Is it not good for the cuckoo to take over the magpie’s nest? Don’t you think so?" Rose looked straight at Sophie and said ironically. Sophie’s greed and shamelessness were shown clearly.
	Sophie's face turned pale with shame and anger.
	But she quickly pretended to be innocent and grieved. Sophie said with grievance, "Rose, it was dad and mom who gave us this bedroom as the wedding room."
	Sky stood with a furrowed brow. "Rose, that’s enough! Stop now!"
	"It is not my fault." Rose held up her head and responded shrilly," Besides, we are talking about Sophie and me. You'd better stay out of it."
	"Sophie is my wife now, and I will never let her be bullied." Sky showed his determination by holding Sophie in his arms.
	"That is funny. Who can bully her?" Rose chuckled and said," Sky, you don’t fully understand Sophie. She's not as weak as you imagine."
	"Rose, I love Sky more than you. We live a very happy life now. Can you forget the past and find your own happiness?" Sophie said with tears in her eyes. She leaned on Sky and pretended to comfort Rose.
	Rose looked at Sophie's harmless face. It was hard to associate Sophie with a malicious, scheming woman.
	But in fact, Sophie succeeded in deceiving Rose and Sky. Her plan was carried out successfully.
	Rose felt disgusted at Sophie. She wanted to tear off Sophie’s mask of hypocrisy.
	"Although your words seem right, why should I forgive you?"
	Rose chose to return now because she wanted to take revenge on Sophie. She would never give up.
	"Rose, I know it’s my fault. I shouldn't have fallen in love with Sky. Now that you're back, I will return Sky to you." Sophie left Sky and looked reluctant.
	"That's enough, Rose! It's not Sophie’s fault at all. I am not goods to give away. I know clearly that I love Sophie!" Sky said angrily and looked at Rose, "Rose, not everyone has wronged you. You have ruined everything in the past. Why do you keep hurting Sophie just because she is in love with me and married me? You are so cruel!”
	"Don't be so smug, Sky! The Rose who loved you died five years ago. And now I love myself. This is what Rose Linder should be." Rose spoke with pride. She looked into Sky's eyes with great calm.
	The strong affection for Sky had dissipated over time.
	Sky pursed his lips tight and felt afflicted. He gradually turned cold without a word.
	"Now please leave my room at once." Rose gave the order without any emotion.
	"Let's go." Sky told Sophie.
	He didn't want to stay here for a moment. He couldn’t stand this ruthless Rose any more.
	He turned to pick up his clothes and strode away.
	"Sky!" Sophie was furious when she saw Sky leave alone. " Elena, follow him and have a look."
	Only Rose and Sophie have left the room now.
	Sophie turned to Rose and said, "Can't you just get back to your room tomorrow? That’s too late and we will have no place to sleep tonight. It's OK for you to do this to me, but that's unfair to Sky. You should not treat him in this way."
	"That’s none of my business. You have had my room for five years. You are clear that you should return it to me." Rose said as she slid into her armchair.
	"Mom and Dad will never let you get over it!" Sophie said and she knew that she could only rely on them.
	"OK, our grandma will also make decisions." Rose fought back with ease.
	"Grandma is old and in poor health. I don't want to upset her. I forgive you this time." Sophie showed filial piety.
	"Sophie, it is just two of us now. Don’t be hypocritical." A faint sneer of satisfaction crossed Rose’s face. "I wonder how Sky would feel if he knew you are such a hypocritical woman."
Chapter 29 He Came Uninvited
	Speaking of Sky, Sophie felt guilty. Yes, she got her love and marriage through deceiving others.
	She just didn't want to admit that. She had lived a happy life these past five years. But now Rose came back and that would be interrupted.
	She was jealous that Rose could easily get Sky's love. But she could only watch them in silence.
	She felt unfair. She wanted to stay with her lover happily too.
	"Rose, I just fought for my happiness. What did I do wrong? Why did you come back after five years? I could let you leave five years ago, and I could do that again now. Don't be cocky!” Sophie wouldn't give up so easily.
	"From now on I will get back what you owe me little by little. This bedroom is the first one. Let’s wait and see. You will have nothing left in the end." Rose had been preparing for a long war.
	"Then we'll see who gets the last laugh." Sophie gave Rose a hard stare. Then she grabbed her windbreaker and turned around.
	"At least I wasn't the one who got thrown out today." Rose said with a smile as she looked after Sophie.
	Rose was so angry that she didn't turn back and walked away faster.
	When Sophie left, Rose was the only person left in the large and quiet bedroom.
	Rose got up from her armchair and went to the window. Standing on the balcony, she looked out into the night. The breeze stirred her hair, and she closed her eyes to enjoy the rare moment of relief.
	"A wise man should have lost his innocence..." A melodious song rang from the mobile phone.
	Rose took out her phone and looked at it. It was an unknown number, but it gave her a sense of familiarity.
	"Hello, this is Rose, who are you?"
	"Bright Lee." The person answered coldly.
	At that time Rose thought of the message Bright had sent. She shivered slightly and squeezed the phone, "Mr. Lee."
	"It is very difficult to invite you." Bright sneered.
	"Mr. Lee, I have just come back to my family. My grandmother wanted me to accompany her. How can I turn down her request? I hope you can understand." Rose told the truth.
	What’s more, Bright should not blame her for she didn’t promise to go.
	"So, are you free now?" Bright showed patience.
	"It's half past ten. I will go to bed. You should rest early, too. I will bring you breakfast tomorrow morning as an apology." Rose said in an intelligent way.
	"I waited till now for you. Do you think the breakfast can compensate me?" Bright had never waited for others. It seemed that he didn’t want to forgive Rose.
	Rose bit her lips, complaining that Bright was a difficult man.
	She didn’t let Bright keep waiting. But it seemed that she must take responsibility.
	"What else do you want besides breakfast, Mr. Lee? I'll do my best." Rose carefully responded. She didn’t want to bother Bright, because that would cause a lot of trouble for her.
	"Come to me right now." Bright spoke in a non-negotiable tone.
	"Mr. Lee, you call tell the urgent thing on the phone. I'm listening carefully." Rose took a deep breath, holding back her anger as it piled up.
	"I like to talk face to face. I'm downstairs in your house." What Bright said surprised Rose.
	Rose watched carefully toward the door on the balcony.
	It was dark and rainy outside. And the trees were slightly shaking. Rose could not see clearly.
	"Mr. Lee, you must be joking." Rose got a bit nervous.
	"Go downstairs now. I'll give you three minutes. Otherwise I would come up directly." Bright said in a serious tone and didn’t give Rose other choice.
	Rose knew she had nowhere to go. Whether Bright was actually outside the villa or not, she didn't dare risk letting him in.
	Why was it that, the more she rejected being close to him, the more they were entangled? Rose couldn’t think of the answer.
	"Wait a moment. I have to change." She had to compromise.
	"I don't mind if you wear a nightdress." Bright smiled deliberately on the line.
	What a rascal!
	Rose swore in secrecy, as she hastily washed her face and left gracefully.
	She left as fast as she could and stood under the street lights, looking for Bright.
	A few meters away, headlights flickered under the shadow of a tree. Rose trotted to stand beside the black Mercedes.
	Bright rolled down the car window. Part of his attractive face was hidden in the shadow.
	"Get in." Bright said in a faint voice with a little warmth.
	Rose hesitated for a second and sat in the car. She had no right to reject it. Bright then told Bill to drive.
	"Mr. Lee, it’s so late, where are we going now?" Rose felt a bit nervous and instinctively reached for his wrist.
	Bright looked down and stared at Rose’s hand that held the wrist.
	Rose immediately took out her hand and apologized, "Sorry."
	Bright took a white towel out and threw it on Rose's head. "Why don't you take an umbrella when it rains? Do you want me to feel pitiful, seeing you make a mess of myself?"
	"Yes. Then please let me go back to sleep." Rose took the towel and wiped water from her long hair.
	"You kept me waiting for an hour and a half. I haven’t scolded you. But you have already pretended to be sorry." Bright looked sideways at her misty face. Her face looked soft and flawless. "You should make it up to me." Bright said.
	"But I said I will buy you breakfast tomorrow."
	"Not enough."
	"So, what do you want?"
	"Stay in the hotel with me."
	"..."
	Rose clutched the towel on her hand, flustered inside.
	"Mr. Lee, this isn't appropriate."
	"It's ok to stay in your house together."
	Rose was about to swear, but she told herself to calm down.
	Bright was not kidding. He took her to the hotel. Rose wanted to run away but was pulled into the elevator.
	"Am I so terrible?" Bright raised his eyebrows.
	"Mr. Lee, forgive me." Rose looked at him dejectedly and pleaded.
	"Behave yourself. I may think about it." Bright walked out of the elevator first when it reached.
	After struggling, Rose obediently followed him to room 1888.
	Bright Lee swiped the room card. After entering the room, Bright took off his suit and put it on the back of the sofa. He sat down gracefully.
	Rose stood across from him. There was a tea table between them.
	"Go take a shower first. I'll wait for you here." He gently untied the top two buttons of his white shirt. And he looked comfortable and poised.
Chapter 30 Whether You Love Or Hate Him
	"He asked me to take a shower first? What would he do?” Rose thought to herself.
	She was tense.
	"No, Mr. Lee. I'll go home and do it later."
	"Take a bath and then go home." Bright Lee looked up and fixed on her delicate face.
	Rose’s eyes were beautiful and innocent, with long and dark lashes. That was charming.
	"Just tell me what you want to do." Rose couldn't understand him. It was awful to be led blindingly.
	"Rose, don't worry. Let's talk slowly after baths." Bright pointed to the bathroom. "I'm not going to take you there."
	Rose stood still, with her back straight like a tree. She said, "Mr. Lee, there's something I want to say."
	"Well, sit down and speak out." Bright leaned against the sofa. He looked very relaxed.
	Rose didn’t sit down and said seriously, "Mr. Lee, you are outstanding. You have talent for doing business. And many women are eager to stay with you. I admire and respect you. But I also hope that you respect me, too. I am not the kind of woman that you imagine. We have nothing but a cooperative relationship."
	'What kind of woman are you talking about?” Bright was not angry and asked with a smile.
	"It's funny to see Rose being serious. ” Bright thought.
	"The casual woman." Rose answered bluntly.
	Bright looked at her with a deeper smile.
	“What does ‘casual’ mean?”
	“That means women who can use their bodies to exchange anything they want.” Rose said in spades and her eyes were bright.
	Bright looked at her face meticulously. Then he stood up and walked over the tea table to Rose.
	Rose stepped back instinctively, looking at Bright in front of her. His breath was filled with his own unique scent. It smelt like mint or musk. All in all, it wrapped her up so tightly that she felt dizzy.
	"I just call you to bathe first. It surprised me that you have such an opinion." Bright's hands were neatly tucked into the pocket. His white shirt was tidy without wrinkles. And his eyes looked bright. He responded," Rose, I advise that you can try to write passages as a writer."
	"Mr. Lee, I'm serious." Rose stressed.
	"I'm also serious about telling you to take a shower and change into something comfortable." Bright stared at her face." Maybe you will have a cold after getting wet in the rain. Or maybe you like to be sloppy."
	Bright said it as if he cared about Rose, but Rose didn't dare go either. Who could know what might happen after that?
	"Mr. Lee, I'm in good condition and the rain wasn't dirty." Rose tried to talk about someone else," What's up at work? We can talk now."
	"I don't like to cooperate and discuss with sloppy women. That’s disgusting.” Bright was a neat freak.
	Rose looked down at herself. She could only see some water drops. That was not as bad as he said.
	"Rose, I never impose on others, especially women." Bright was confused if he looked so lascivious?
	On the other hand, there were so many women who had sneaking affection for him. How could he have any intention towards her?
	Rose was so different from him and she was overcautious.
	But it was not right for Rose to bathe outside, either. If so, she might get into trouble.
	What would Rose’s husband Harry Faulkner do if he knew that? How could Rose explain?
	"Of course, I believe in Mr. Lee. But we should not be distracted by this little thing." Rose wanted to discuss the work quickly. She hoped Bright would stop talking about the bath.
	Bright was quite unhappy because he was misunderstood.
	The bell rang outside the door, and he walked to open the door.
	Bill came in with a thermal container.
	He looked at Rose and gave her a wink. He said to Rose," This is ginger soup for you. Mr. Lee asked me to prepare. Will you be touched by his constant concern?"
	Bright was sitting on the sofa. He looked at Bill coldly. "What nonsense are you talking about?"
	"Is this for me?" Rose asked.
	"For myself, I'm afraid of catching a cold." Bright responded.
	Bill put a pile of papers and the laptop on the tea table.
	Bill whispered to Rose, "He was good at lying."
	Rose was amused by his expression. She looked up at Bright but was greeted with a cold eye. She quickly stopped smiling and let out her tongue mischievously.
	"Just work." Bright turned on his laptop coolly. "Here's a summary of questions from the construction project. Although they are not serious, you need to solve them."
	Rose sat down, and Bill handed her the printed document.
	"And I hope to change the design here." Bright pointed to the position in the picture.
	Bright soon got into work.
	Rose stared at the picture seriously, with her finger attached to her lips. She said with knitted brows, " I need to go to the site to observe and modify before correcting."
	"I hope you can do it as soon as possible. If you have nothing to do here, come back with me to City J tomorrow." Bright typed quickly on the keyboard and said.
	"Tomorrow? I can't leave tomorrow." Rose felt awkward and said. "Maybe the day after tomorrow."
	"If you want to talk about work, please have a work attitude. Come with me tomorrow." Bright looked ruthless.
	Instead of answering, Rose grabbed a spare notebook and wrote down the solutions and instructions for minor problems.
	Bright also handled work emails alone. They didn't interfere with each other.
	When Bright stood up an hour later, Rose asked, "Where are you going?"
	"To take a bath." Bright unbuttoned the shirt and answered, "Rose, I wouldn't mind lending you the bathroom if you changed your mind."
	"......" Rose quickly got back to work.
	Bright went into the bedroom, leaving Rose alone in the living room.
	Suddenly Rose sneezed twice. She focused on the thermal container and fetched a bowl. She poured some ginger soup out, and the heat rose from the soup.
	She stared at the hot ginger soup and felt so warm.
	She lifted the bowl to her mouth and drank little by little. Finally, she finished it and became comfortable. It felt like a warm current flowing through her body.
	She leaned over the tea table, savoring the spicy and warm soup.
	Bright came out of the bathroom with a gray silk robe. He found Rose had fallen asleep on the tea table.
	He dropped the hair towel and picked Rose up from the carpet.
	"Mr. Lee, the ginger soup is delicious, thank you..."She whispered against his chest.
	"So, whether you love or hate him?" He took advantage of her words.
Chapter 31 You Are Mrs. Lee
	Rose just rubbed his chest with her head and continued to sleep.
	In such an important matter, she did not respond. Bright was very dissatisfied with her behavior, but he still took her to bed gently.
	He leaned over to look at Rose’s peaceful slumbering face. Her black hair was on the white pillow, her face was so delicate, and her skin was so fair, just like a sleeping beauty.
	He brushed her forehead with his long finger, pulled a strand of hair away and pinned it behind her ear. The touch on his fingertips was so silky.
	He had some strange feelings in his abdomen. He stared at her face with bewilderment in his dark eyes.
	He was not a lustful man, but why did Rose always shake his self-control?
	Beautiful, sexy, wild…… He had seen a lot of women, only she could arouse his interest.
	Why did he become this?
	Was it because he knew she was his legal wife that he became so indulgent in front of her?
	Rose seemed to feel a little itchy, raised her hand and rubbed the tip of her nose, "I don’t like him. I’m married with a husband. I’d better go to sleep... "
	He lowered his head and his thin lips were close to her ear, "Rose, you are Mrs. Lee."
	He kissed her fair forehead, then got up and left.
	Rose had a good sleep. When she woke up, it was already bright and the sun penetrated the curtains.
	Her long eyelashes quivered several times, and when she got used to the sunlight, she opened her eyes.
	She stared at the ceiling, still confused.
	All of a sudden, she sat up, and found that she was wearing the white nightgown of the hotel.
	But she didn’t have any strange feeling on her body. She was still safe.
	Did Bright change her clothes?
	Rose raised her hand and patted her forehead. She was a little annoyed that she had fallen asleep.
	After a deep breath, Rose got up from the bed, but she couldn’t find her own clothes. She tightened the collar of her nightgown, and then stepped out of the bedroom and came to the living room.
	Bright was sitting on the sofa and watching the news on TV. When he saw Rose come out and said, "You’re awake. I’m still waiting for your breakfast."
	"Where are my clothes?" Rose asked.
	"I’ve sent it to be washed." Bright picked up the glass and took a sip of pure water.
	"Did you take off my clothes?" Her eyes were full of doubt.
	Did he see her naked?
	"You’re in good shape." Bright raised his eyebrows, showing that he praised her.
	"How can you take advantage of another’s perilous state?" Rose was a little angry. He was just a rogue.
	Although they had more intimate behavior five years ago, she didn’t do that voluntarily. Now she wasn’t more reluctant to do some intimate things with him.
	"It was you who held me and let me sleep with you. It was not me who take advantage of your perilous state." Bright looked at her innocently.
	Did that mean he not only had seen her naked, but also had slept with her?
	Oh, God. She really wanted a thunder to stun her. What a shame!
	Rose pinched her nightgown, blushed and said, "How could I do that?"
	"A drunken woman could do anything," Bright said
	Rose remembered that she had drunk a lot of wine at grandmother’s birthday party yesterday, but she still didn’t admit it, "I’m not drunk."
	"The effect of alcohol is to inhibit nerves and reduce the sensitivity of people’s thinking. This is the truth that alcohol can strengthen courage, which has nothing to do with how much you drink." Bright’s tone was very gentle, like a teacher giving a lesson to a pupil.
	Was it true?
	Rose stood there with her head slightly drooping and her eyebrows slightly twisted. Her eyes were still full of confusion, and she always felt something was strange.
	When the doorbell rang, Bright got up to open the door. It was the waiter who delivered breakfast.
	At this time, the laundry staff also came, holding a set of clothes, "Mr. Lee, this is the clothes you sent last night."
	Rose recognized that it was her own clothes and stepped forward, "It’s my clothes."
	She took the clothes and went back to her bedroom to change her clothes. After washing and grooming, she came out.
	"Eat breakfast first." Bright pulled out the chair and invited Rose to have breakfast.
	Rose sat down obediently. Since she didn’t buy breakfast for him, she could have breakfast with him.
	She looked up at the quiet man opposite her. He was elegant in eating, and his temperament was remarkable. He exuded masculine charm all the time.
	Comparisons were odious.
	After a while, Rose’s cell phone rang. Rose wiped the corner of her lip with a tissue and picked up the phone, "I’m Rose Linder. Yes, that’s the address. I’ll be right back."
	Bright raised her eyebrows and looked at her. Rose took the last sip of milk and explained, "Mr. Lee, I have something urgent to deal with. I will go home right now."
	"Can I help you?" He had a low tone and asked naturally.
	"Thank you, but I don’t need it." She shook her head, picked up her mobile phone and got up. But she found that Bright had put down his knife and fork for cutting egg. His handsome face was still a little chilly. But when she looked at him carefully, he seemed to have no expression.
	Was she wrong about his expression?
	"It’s just a little thing. I can solve it myself, so there’s no need to trouble you." Rose didn’t think she was wrong, but she still explained it.
	Bright didn’t look at her, and he didn’t answer her. He picked up the knife and fork to cut the fried egg again, and put it into his mouth gracefully to chew.
	"Mr. Lee, I’ll go first. Enjoy your breakfast." With that, Rose left.
	"Don’t forget about work."
	As she came to the door, a reminder came from behind.
	"Yes, I see."
	Rose left the Four Seasons Hotel in a hurry, took a taxi to the Linder family's villa, and bought something on the way.
	She changed her shoes, and as soon as she entered the living room, she saw Chandler and Joy sitting on the sofa.
	When Chandler saw Rose, he got angry and said, "What did you do last night?"
	"I didn’t do anything." Rose shrugged her shoulders and looked innocent.
	"Last night, as soon as you came back, you just drive Sky and Sophie out. In the evening, they went back to the Tanner family’s villa. This morning, Simon Tanner still called me to ask what happened yesterday? You don’t feel comfortable if you don't mess around, do you?" Chandler felt very angry, "Now, you must go to the Tanner family's villa with me immediately and apologize to Sky and Sophie!"
	"I didn’t do anything wrong. Why should I apologize to them? That room is mine," Rose said reasonably.
	"You were not at home. That room was empty, so let Sophie live there. Now, it’s not your room anymore." Joy’s expression was terrible, without a mother’s tenderness and love for her daughter.
	"She wanted a room, so you gave her my room. She wanted a man, and you gave her my fiancé. How about me? Am I your daughter or not?" Rose knew that her parents had given up her five years ago, but she still felt a little terrible.
Chapter 32 It Was a Well-Tried Tactic That Mother Depends on Her Child
	Chandler slapped his hand on the table, then quickly got up, pointed to Rose’s nose and scolded angrily, "That’s because Sophie is more obedient than you!"
	"Rose, as parents, we have never treated you badly. But have you done something right for us? You disgraced us in those years! If Sophie had not grasped Sky’s heart cleverly, the marriage between the Linder family and the Tanner family would break down. Since you didn’t worry about us and our family, you have no need to blame us for being cruel and unkind to you." Joy’s words were very straightforward, which was just like a sharp blade inserted into Rose’s heart.
	"As long as you apologize to Sky and Sophie and return the room to Sophie, we can ignore this matter." Chandler frowned and sat back on the sofa.
	"I don’t agree!" Madam Linder said angrily, answering for Rose.
	"Good morning, grandma." Rose cleverly helped Madam Linder to sit down on the sofa.
	"Mom, this is Rose’s fault." Chandler felt a headache when his mother intervened in this thing.
	"No matter how long Rose has been away, it is still her room. And it was the room that I asked her to choose. Don’t you listen to me before I die?" Madam Linder glared at Chandler and Joy.
	"Mom, you’re not in good health. Just let me deal with it." Chandler answered with a smile.
	"Grandma, Dad, Mom, I’m back." Sophie timely appeared. She wore a new long dress that belonged to a famous brand, "Don’t blame my sister, I shouldn’t have quarreled with my sister. It’s my fault."
	"Mom, Sophie is so kind." Joy spoke up for her little daughter.
	"She is the least sensible." Madam Linder naturally protected Rose. "Sophie, your former room is still reserved. Why didn’t you sleep in your own room? You went back to Tanner's with Sky. When Tanner's knew about it, they certainly felt aggrieved for their son. Of course, it’s your fault!"
	Sophie was scolded by her grandmother. She felt aggrieved and her eyes turned red and moist, "Grandma, Sky wanted to go back. He said he didn’t want to see Rose."
	When she said this, she also peeked at Rose to see her reaction.
	Rose answered, "I don’t want to see him either."
	"Hum! In that case, don’t come back when Rose is at home." Grandma was very aggressive.
	"Mom, how can you say that? This is Sophie’s home." Joy was not happy and thought it was unfair to her little daughter, "Sophie is our daughter. Is it wrong for her to go back home?"
	"Is Rose wrong to go home? Is it wrong for her to go back to her room?" Grandma asked Chandler and Joy, "Both of them are your children and you can’t choose one to abandon. However, now that you don’t love Rose, I will love her!"
	"And Sophie is married. She is the daughter-in-law of Tanner's. She should stay in Tanner's, be filial to her parents in law and take care of her husband, instead of often coming to our house. If outsiders think she doesn’t have a good life in Tanner's, what will Tanner's think? Have you thought about that? "
	"Mom, it’s 2020. There’s no need to pay attention to these things."
	"But it doesn’t mean that Tanner's doesn’t care about this." Madam Linder retorted, and taught her son and daughter-in-law, "Don’t always be selfish. You should also think about others."
	Chandler and Joy couldn’t say a word, and they just sat there anxiously.
	"Rose, tell Grandma where you went last night?" Joy couldn’t refute grandma, so she had to start with her daughter she didn’t like.
	"As a girl, don’t you feel ashamed that you haven’t been home all night, do you?" Chandler also began to criticize Rose.
	Rose put a paper bag on the tea table, "I got up early in the morning to buy crystal dumpling in Old Folk Dim Sum for grandma. I remember this is grandma’s favorite."
	Fortunately, Rose prepared it in advance, otherwise it would be troublesome.
	"Rose is the best for me." Madam Linder laughed like a happy child, "Rose will live in the same room."
	Madam Linder had already made a decision.
	Rose said to Elena who was cleaning, "Elena, please clean up the things in my room, especially that bed. I don’t like the smell of others on it."
	With Grandma’s support, Rose was going to clean up Sophie’s things in the room.
	"Rose, these are all young lady’s things." Elena took a look at Sophie who looked pale, and she didn’t know how to do it.
	"You call Sophie young lady?" Madam Linder was angry, and her smile on her face also disappeared, "I tell you Rose is the eldest lady of this family. If you don’t respect Rose,you would be kicked out of here."
	"Yes, I know."
	"Sophie, since Elena doesn’t want to touch your things, I have to find a professional to deal with them. But I won’t be responsible for any loss." Rose picked up her phone and let the man who had been waiting outside the door get in.
	"How can you let outsiders move my things? Sister, don’t bully me..." Sophie bit her lips and her eyes turned red and wet.
	"If you’re worried, do it yourself." Rose reached out to help grandma, "Grandma, let’s go to breakfast."
	After the two left, Sophie sat down beside Joy angrily, "Mom, she bully me under the protection of Granny. As soon as she got home, she began to find fault. She not only bullied me, but also did not respect you. She have really gone too far. But I can’t do anything."
	"Sophie, don’t be angry about this thing. The most important thing for you now is to catch Sky’s heart, and you can’t let Rose take Sky away," Joy said worryingly.
	"Mom, Sky and I have a very good relationship. I’m the only one in Sky’s heart. Don’t worry." Sophie was confident in this.
	"You are silly, my daughter. You should pay more attention." Joy nudged Sophie’s forehead with her finger, "Sky was her ex-boyfriend. Their love to each other may revive again. Even if Sky really doesn’t like her, you can’t prevent her from trying to ruin your marriage. In that case, don’t come to me while crying.”
	"Mom, what shall I do?" Sophie suddenly had a bad feeling. She grabbed her mother’s arm, "Mom, you know, I can’t live without Sky."
	If Rose and Sky cleared up the misunderstanding, what could Sophie do?
	"I know. Therefore, the most important thing for you now is to give birth to a child for Sky. It is better to have a son, which will make Sky and his family think highly of you. With a child, the relationship between you and Sky will be stronger and closer." In a rich family, it was a well-tried tactic that mother depends on her child.
	"Sophie, you’ve been married to Sky for three years. Why haven’t you got pregnant?" Chandler asked.
	"I..." Sophie sighed depressingly.
Chapter 33 Waiting for You in City J
	Joy Young saw her daughter turn embarrassed, "If you have anything to say to us, just say it out loud and don't hesitate."
	"Elena, take the two of them upstairs to clean the things in my room to my previous room." Sophie Linder sent away their nanny first.
	Elena took them whom brought by Sophie Linder upstairs, leaving room for a family of three in the living room.
	"Dad, Mom, Sky's hospitalized for surgery and medication now. He was afraid that it would have a certain impact on our child. So that we had an agreement that we would not have a child at least in five years, or in ten years..." Sophie could not dare to say that it might be a lifetime decision.
	She could understand the thought of Sky Tanner, which was to make the right decision to bring up their excellent offspring.
	She loves Sky and she can even stay with him forever without kids. But it's another thing for her parents.
	"It's impossible!" Joy Young was shocked, "Sky has recovered better than many people after cure. Three years passed and it should be okay with him."
	"Mom, Sky said that bearing a kid's not buying items. It's barely impossible for us to return the kids. As parents, we need to consider the future for our kids, and parents can't be selfish who only think about themselves." Sophie repeated what Sky said.
	"But he's selfish to you on this kind of thing. Anyway, I don't agree that you delay bearing a kid all the time." Joy Young was more anxious than her daughter, "Sophie , I'm not forcing you. There's a truth that couples will be bored with each other one day if they don't have a kid no matter how loving they are before. From now on, you have to plan for yourself, not just following Sky."
	"You go ask him when he will prepare to have a kid, or ask his parents as well as doctor. Anyway, you need kids to maintain your name of Mrs. Tanner."
	"Sophie, what you said was reasonable for now. And you should go back to discuss with Sky on it." Chandler Linder also supported his wife.
	People of their generation do care about bringing up kids, it's s better to have a son who can inherit the family business. He cherishes his daughters, but it's somehow a pity that he doesn't have a son to inherit the Linder Family.
	"Alright." Sophie nodded obediently, but how should she ask that?
	"You must fight for your own happiness, or someone will take it from you." Joy Young held Sophie's hand tightly.
	"I won't let it happen. No one has a chance especially Rose Linder." Sophie held her mother's hand, "Dad and Mom, how can we let her far away from Linder Family? Granny won't let me home since she's here. What should I do?"
	"There's no way to let her go in the short term for Granny is at home right now." Chandler just adjusted the rimless glasses on his nose. He was quiet upset that his shameless daughter would only bring him shame at home.
	Sophie was really upset and said, "Mom, how about you?"
	Joy twisted her eyebrows and thought silently. Suddenly there was a flash of inspiration, she raised the corners of her lips, "I really have one which won't offend Granny, most of all, and get her out of Linder's house logically and leaving no trace."
	"What is it?" Both father and daughter were curious.
	Joy Young whispered to them, Chandler admired what his wife thought, "It makes sense."
	"Alright, we will take it up. You just make a good preparation with pregnancy." Only can Sophie possess her happy marriage life, Joy will be relieved and feel at ease.
	"Thanks daddy and mom, I know exactly you love me the most." Sophie flied into mom's arms acting like a baby.
	"Let's go have breakfast." Chandler Linder got up.
	Sophie took Joy into the restaurant, and all of them sat down to eat at a fairly peaceful atmosphere.
	After breakfast, Elena came back and said, "Madam, Mr, Mrs, Miss, the room has been cleaned up."
	"Okay."
	"Rose, come and help me out to sit in the backyard." Granny Linder took the crutches.
	Rose helped Granny go out from the back door of the living room. The sun was shining today, adding bright and brilliant to this winter day.
	After they turned around, they sat together and enjoyed the sunlight on the wooden long bench.
	Suddenly, Granny took out a bunch of photos from her jacket and handed it to Rose, "Dear, look at them first. Granny will arrange it for you as you like in a second."
	Rose took a look on the photos. They were all young men. Some were good-looking, some had extraordinary temperament, some were gentle...just she could name it.
	"Oh Granny, you're kidding me?"
	"I just want to look for someone to love and care you in place of me in the future. So that I will set my mind at rest."
	"But Granny, I don't want to get married yet."
	"Rose, don't be upset for someone who is not worthy as he brought you temporary heartbreaking. It's irresponsible for your own happiness." Granny looked at her seriously.
	"Granny, I didn't mean that. I just want to be by your side more when I come back."
	"If you don't mean it, then you go meet them. If you like one of them, just feel free to be in love with romance, or it's a chance for you to know more friends. It'll do good for you."
	"Granny, the blind date is out of fashion for now." She couldn't explain that she had signed a contract marriage which would piss her Granny off.
	"My good girl, just take a time to meet them, otherwise Granny will be mad at you."
	Grandma's more concerned as she's aged with disease and worried how Rose could get on by herself. She intended to select a reliable man Rose could rely on to take good care of her granddaughter and protect her from trials and tribulations.
	A phone message reminded Rose. She took out to check her phone. It was a flight information with her ID card.
	It said the destination of this flight is City J at 3 pm.
	"The smart like me has long farewell to innocence..."
	"Granny, I need to answer the call first." She got up and walked under a tree.
	It came out with low and soft voice from Bright Lee, "Miss Rose, you have already received the flight information. Remember to arrive at City J on time. I will let Bill pick you up."
	"Mr. Lee--" Bright hung up the phone without giving her a chance to speak, which made Rose upset and passive.
	She immediately dialed his number, but it showed that he could not be connected.
	[I boarded. And I will be waiting for you in City J. ]
	Waiting for you...
	Rose chuckled while seeing the message on her phone. Is it necessary for her to follow his words even though he's waiting for her?
	"What's it you're smiling at?" Granny came over slightly and stared at Rose with a sweet smile.
	"Am I?" Rose denied.
	"Go and buy new clothes with me in the afternoon, and you're about to meet the men one by one in those photos tomorrow." Granny was making all her effort to help Rose find her Mr. Right.
	"Granny, I have to go on a business trip to City J right away in the afternoon. I'll talk with you later when I come back." Rose would rather go meet the Demon King Bright than go on a blind date.
	"A business trip?"
	"Yeah, I know Granny will definitely support my work. And I'll go pack up first." Rose acted like a child to her Granny at her best.
	Finally agreed by Granny, Rose was taken a word that she would go on a blind date after a business trip.
	Rose then sent a provocative WeChat message to Bright [Granny wants me to go on a blind date, I cannot leave for City J.]
Chapter 34 Take Him Home
	Rose Linder was about to replace many items in her bedroom, especially her bed. She felt sick when thinking that Sky had had an affair with Sophie right on the bed for five years.
	She called a housekeeping company to clean up her room, and it should be done when she's back from business trip.
	After lunch, she took a nap with her grandma, then was ready to pack up and leave.
	"Are you leaving?" Joy Young came down from upstairs to encounter Rose with a 20-inches-size trolley suitcase.
	"Does Mom just want to push me away so eagerly?" Rose stared at Joy.
	"You shouldn't have come back." Joy Young stepped down gracefully along the stairs and paused in front of Rose, "You should go back wherever you belong to."
	"Mom, I was born and brought up in Linder Family. I belong to here." Rose did not show weakness at all.
	Joy Young snorted coldly, "Rose Linder, I really don't know what on earth we owe you!"
	"Mom, please take good care of yourself. I will be back after two days of business trip this time. And I will bring gifts to Granny, you and dad. Don't appreciate me too much and see you later." Facing Joy's meanness, Rose still smiled and turned around casually.
	The sun was shining at noon, and the warm sunlight stretched Rose's figure.
	Rose Linder got out of the villa and took a taxi to the airport.
	At three ten, the plane took off on time and arrived at City J Airport within two hours.
	After she stepped out of the exit passage of the airport, Bill Newman greeted her and took over the suitcase in her hand, "Hello Miss Rose."
	"Thank you Bill." Rose Linder followed him out of the lobby, and a black Mercedes-Benz car waited in front of them.
	The two got into the car and the driver drove the car away from the airport.
	"Miss Rose, I will take you to the hotel first, and then to dinner. We will go to the theater at nine o'clock tomorrow morning." Bill Newman told her the brief arrangement.
	Rose nodded, then checked the phone with message from Nora Cooper. It said Nora would meet her at about 7 pm.
	After checking in at the Four Seasons Hotel, Rose intended to take a rest first and said, "Bill, I wanna have a rest early, and I will take dinner myself."
	"I was told by Mr. Bright to take good care of Miss Rose." Bill picked up the customer-service phone, "What do you want for dinner? I'll order it for you."
	"It's okay." Suffering for a long time, Rose Linder wasn't a picky girl on food any more.
	Bill took the charge and ordered dinner for her, which was delivered soon.
	Rose also unpacked the suitcase and stepped outside in a loose long-sleeved T-shirt which covered her knees. She's a little bit surprised with a feast of dinner that was already placed on the table.
	"Miss Rose, here's for you."
	"Thank you Bill."
	Rose sat down and began to enjoy her dinner.
	After two bites, she saw Bill still standing there and asked him, "Bill, are you gonna stare me like that? What about having dinner with me?"
	"Sorry Miss Rose, please take your time." Bill finally left.
	After Rose finished dinner, she went outside to have a walk. After returning to hotel, she went into the bedroom, leaned against the bed, then opened laptop crossing her legs.
	She had to prepare for work tomorrow morning.
	When the doorbell rang after nine o'clock, Rose Linder wondered who would come at this moment?
	She initially didn't pay much attention to it, but the doorbell kept ringing that drove her mad.
	She put the laptop away, then went to open the door. It surprised her that it turned out to be Bright Lee.
	He was standing at the doorway with long-straight legs leaning forward, and one hand on the door frame. Wearing a striped three-piece formal suit, Bright looked drop-dead gorgeous, especially his deep eyes and brows, and a strand of hair hanging down his forehead. There's no doubt that girls always fall in love with heartthrob like him.
	Bright Lee arrived here unexpectedly and walked inside naturally.
	"You're drunk." He walked toward her with a scent of wine.
	"What were you doing? It took so long to open the door." He didn't answered but asked her.
	Rose closed the door and followed up, "Preparing for work."
	"Worked so hard?" He sat down on sofa, stretching out his long arms.
	"What is you here for?" Rose sat on a single sofa.
	"Come to see you conveniently after a social gathering." The upsurge of alcohol made him a little dizzy, and he rubbed his brows with fingers.
	"I'm fine, thank you for that." Rose's aware of his bad status, "Mr. Lee, are you okay? Or you should go home to take a rest."
	Bright Lee stopped rubbing his eyebrows, staring at her for a while, "It's time to go back."
	"Then I'll take you." Rose was secretly delighted when he intended to go back soon.
	Bright got up, and Rose hurriedly stepped forward to hold his arm.
	All of a sudden, he fell back to the sofa and even pulled her into it as well.
	The eyes of the two were facing each other, their breaths were intertwined. There's strong masculine aura surrounding her, and meanwhile he was attracted by the sweet fragrance on her.
	It's quiet and silent as well as inexplicable, there's something fermenting between both...
	"Mr. Lee, you okay?" Rose quickly got up while she pressed his arm.
	"I'm good." His voice was a bit hoarse. He also sat up and asked, "How about you?"
	Rose shook her head to show her peace: "Mr. Lee, where did you park your car? I'll take you there."
	Bright sat for a while, then slowly got up and walked away. Rose stepped forward to support him.
	Rose followed him all the way into the elevator, worrying about his condition. Thus she looked at him from time to time.
	They're down to the underground parking lot soon surrounded by dim lights. Then he led her forward to a black Bentley Mulsanne. It seemed there's no one in the car.
	"The driver is not here, please call him."
	Bright lightly let go of her hand, just walked to car tipsily, finally opened the driver's door and intended to slip into the seat.
	Seeing this, Rose immediately grabbed his arm staring at him with her beautiful eyes, "Mr. Lee, what are you doing?"
	"Driving home." He had half slipped into the driver's seat.
	"You are drunk, and definitely cannot drive the car." Drunk driving breaks the law that is much more serious than imagined. "I'd better call you a substitute for driving."
	As soon as Rose took out her phone to call, Bright stopped the call in a minute and put the key in her hand: "Do me a favor. Thanks for taking me home, Ginkgo Villa."
	"..." Rose looked at the key in her hand and couldn't refuse him more.
	Bright put Rose in the driver's seat, and changed himself to the copilot seat.
	Therefore, Rose could only fasten her seat belt and looked up at Bright. He leaned back in the seat and closed his eyes to rest.
	"Mr. Lee?" She tried to call him.
	He did not move, as if he was asleep.
	Rose had no choice but to lean over to fasten his seat belt. Then she followed navigation and drove the car to leave the hotel's underground parking lot.
	Because she's not familiar with road conditions, Rose concentrated on driving and didn't know there was a car behind her that had been following them since Four Seasons Hotel.
Chapter 35 Willing to Please Her
	Fronting sea and with a hill at the back, the Ginkgo Villa is an independent villa covering a vast area with a dense growth of evergreen trees.
	Rose Linder marveled at this sumptuous and ingenious creation excelling nature.
	The Lee Family truly deserves to be blue blood as the top of the one percent. There’s nothing she could use to describe its affluence.
	When the car arrived, the gate opened automatically and slowly.
	Rose Linder drove through a grape truss and a section of a quaint tree-lined road. Things became suddenly enlightening in front of her and the villa at a short distance gradually revealed its true appearance at night. The villa was brightly lit so that it seemed like the star twinkling in the dark night.
	She stopped the car steadily in front of the villa, finally breathed a sigh of relief. Then she took off her seat belt looking sideways at Bright Lee who was sleeping all the way and said, "Mr. Bright, we are home."
	No response from behind, Rose Linder pushed the door and got out of the car, then took out the phone following with WeChat messages from Nora Cooper.
	She tapped it then Nora's airy voice came out【Rose, where are you? Either you could not get through or no one answered? Were you kidnapped? 】
	【We are in the Club 1909, you’d better come soon once you see this message. And I will introduce you to several fresh-faced young hunks. That will help you be unavailable as soon as possible and piss off the scum Tanner! 】
	【Oh Nora, as you’re married, just pay more attention to your words and deeds. And I have something to do, sorry for that!】 After Rose responded, she heard a slight closing of the door behind her.
	She looked back and didn't know when he got off the car. Bright Lee just walked forward alone.
	Rose Linder quickly stopped checking her phone, followed him up the stairs and finally reached the door. At this moment, the door opened and a middle-aged man in his forties bowed to Bright Lee, "Sir."
	“Hmm,” said Bright in a low voice. Then he stepped into the room and put on the slippers prepared before.
	Rose stood at the door without moving, just looking at Bright Lee's straight sideways, "Mr. Bright, I’m leaving as you’re home safely."
	"Come in." Bright took off his suit slowly and handed it to the middle-aged man before walking inside.
	Rose was struggling, meanwhile the middle-aged man said to her, "Hello Miss, I am the butler of Ginkgo Villa. You can call me Paul. Thank you for driving Mr. Bright home. It’s late at night. What about coming in for a hot drink and leaving afterwards?"
	"Thank you Paul and sorry for bothering, you can call me Rose." said she in a polite manner.
	After they entered the living room, Bright just went upstairs and looked back at Paul, "Paul, I need Mary to cook some sober soup for me."
	"Sorry Sir, Mary’s sick. I’ll make it for you." apologized Paul.
	Bright thought for a while, then set his eyes on Rose, "You’re gotta do it."
	"Me?" Rose shivered after hearing that.
	Why she? Why did all the bad things happen on Rose Linder?
	"Because Paul has to take care of Mary." Bright Lee turned his attention to Paul, "You’re about to look after Mary, ‘cause the family needs both of you."
	"Sir, but it’s the first time for Miss Rose to be here. It’s not proper to ask her to do things..." said Paul.
	"It's okay for me, you just go take good care of Mary. I’ll handle it ‘cause it’s a piece of cake for me. Don't worry." Rose gave her words patting her chest.
	"Thank you Miss Rose."
	"I'll take a shower first." Bright went upstairs.
	Paul took Rose into the kitchen and left after reminding her of some details.
	It occurred to Rose to make sober soup in a simple and time-saving way.
	It took about ten minutes to make soup and Rose took it to the coffee table in the living room. Waiting for Bright to come down, she was kinda bored and browsed on WeChat Moments.
	Then taking two photos of the sober soup, she edited them and sent it on Moments followed by words that she made sober soup by herself which was perfect.
	Right at this moment, Bright Lee walked into the living room just after taking a shower with his wet black hair. And Bright looked sharp but attractive in a senior-ash silk nightgown.
	"It’s right time to have sober soup." Rose pushed the soup closer to Bright.
	Looking at the dark-brown soup, he frowned a little bit and asked, "What are the materials inside?"
	Was it toxic? He looked at Rose suspiciously.
	"There are mature vinegar, brown sugar and some ginger inside. It’s simple, time-saving and effective." explained Rose, "It takes a longer time to make with beans."
	Bright picked up the soup and took it closer to have a smell of it. It did smell of vinegar and ginger.
	He glanced at her while she encouraged him with a smile.
	He just tried to take a sip then frowned his brows more. It tasted sweet and sour mixed with a hint of spicy. What a strange and endless aftertaste!
	"How does it taste?" Rose was also concerned.
	"Wanna a sip of it?" Bright raised his eyebrows, wondering if she’s taking the chance to retaliate against him.
	"No need for me to take sober soup ‘cause I didn't drink." Rose shook her head and refused.
	This time, Bright held his breath and drank all up in one second.
	He put down the bowl, then reached and hooked his right index finger to Rose. His black eyes were deep, exactly like a deep and dark sea which attracted her to sink.
	"What?" Rose got up confusedly.
	Bright clasped her wrist and pulled her over with a strong force. She just unconsciously fell onto the sofa.
	He fixed her soft waist with one hand and clasped her chin with the other, pressing down his lips neatly on hers.
	When Rose finally realized what was going on, she was embraced in his arm tightly. And he’s already begun to make a great race for her.
	This time it was more insane and crazier than the last kiss. Her lips were so sweet and soft that he couldn't help himself kissing her. All he wanted was to deepen the kiss over and over again, he wouldn’t stop it unless she got blank with a mind, then forgot resisting and finally fell in with the kiss.
	Nothing she could do but only sink along with him.
	Draining up the air between themselves, he finally let go of her. Simultaneously, he's still chaotic with breath while her heartbeat so fast.
	All of a sudden, Rose pushed Bright away and grabbed her hair uncomfortably, not knowing what to say.
	"How does it taste?" Bright reached out one hand and flattened his wrinkled nightgown.
	"..." It was so shameless to even ask her how the kiss tasted...
	Rose bit her lips and folded her hands into a fist: "Bad technique. I didn't feel it and it tasted nothing."
	"One more?" No man will tolerate a woman saying that he has bad techniques, which is thoroughly an insult.
	Rose instinctively reached out hands to cover her mouth, she still felt numb at the moment.
	"Or Miss Rose likes the fresh meat, the young fresh-faced hunks who taste better?"
	What? He heard it all? Was he pretending to be asleep?
	Rose's face flushed and anxiously defended, "I didn't say that."
	"Actually, what I'm asking about is the taste of sober soup." his lips twitched full of wickedness, "It seems that Miss Rose is more concerned about the kiss. If you like it, I'm more willing to please you."
	"..." Rose blinked twice, "Why didn't you explain what you meant clearly before?"
Chapter 36 You Are Exactly The One
	Rose was a bit angry while Bright just stared at her face and smiled saying nothing.
	It's obvious that he was taking advantage of her by the excuse of sober soup, damn it!
	But Rose dared not say anything, she stood up and said, "Mr. Bright, since you're back and soup has been finished, then I'd better leave. Good night."
	"It's raining outside again," Bright interrupted her, "and it's late outside, thus it's better for you to stay here for one night."
	One night? Rose's afraid of his trap for her twice.
	"No thanks. It won't take long for me back to hotel by taxi. Most of all, it will lead a lot of inconvenience for all of my stuffs are stored in hotel." Even for now, she's still in a long T-shirt.
	"No need to worry about all of it, I will ask Bill to bring it for you." Bright warned her again, "Taking a taxi at night is not so safe. Think about it, a series of accidents happened on the taxi platform recently. And yet you don't have much money, aren't you afraid of being caught or assaulted? What if you’re raped, killed and later abandoned in the wilderness? The headline of news the next day will be that a girl—"
	"Shut up." Rose was totally terrified in a cold sweat.
	"There are many guest rooms upstairs, you're allowed to select one you like." Bright stood up, "Good night."
	After his leaving, Rose sat on the sofa alone until sleepiness struck.
	Rose didn't go upstairs to select a room but just lay down, wrapped her hands around her body, and fell asleep with a pillow on the sofa.
	Late at night, Bright Lee went downstairs, holding a light blanket in hand, walked toward Rose to cover her with a blanket.
	She sensed it and opened her eyes in a trance, but saw a tall figure standing there. Rose was so feared that she immediately sat up.
	"What are you doing standing here? Don’t you sleep at night?" Rose was nearly scared to death.
	"You thought I was a bad guy?" Bright sat down with a look of disdain, "Did you even regard my security system of Ginkgo Villa as a decoration where anyone could break in?"
	Those thoughts were revealed directly by him, thus Rose had to lower her head with a guilty conscience, "No offense. But why did you on earth stand here silently?"
	"So why did you not sleep in a room upstairs."
	"It's so big a house that I was afraid of getting lost."
	Bright Lee snorted and wouldn't believe her at all.
	"You have two choices, go upstairs by yourself, or I will hold you upstairs to sleep."
	"Sir, I'm not proper one going upstairs." Rose grabbed the light blanket tightly with her.
	"You are exactly the one." ‘cause you'll be my wife, "Or do you want to sleep with me?"
	After all, he has the final say in his zone while she can do nothing but give in.
	Rose Linder chose a guest room opposite to Bright Lee's. She locked the door, and then lay on the bed with peace and comfort.
	In the morning, Rose got up at exactly seven o'clock. Opening the French window, she stood on the balcony and simply stretched her body.
	She happened to witness Bright running in a white sportswear. It is said that men who love sports are the most handsome and exude full masculine strength.
	When Rose went downstairs, Paul greeted her with a smile, "Miss Rose, did you have a nice sleep?"
	"Yeah." Rose nodded with a sweet smile.
	"Miss Rose, how long have you been with Mr.Bright?" asked Paul curiously.
	"Paul, we just work with each other purely." Rose wanted to clarify the misunderstanding as soon as possible.
	"Mr. Bright is a lot outstanding. He has a lot of followers, but nobody can get a little bit closer to him. And you are the first girl brought into Ginkgo Villa by himself. It shows that you are special to him. Miss Rose, it's fair for you to think about the relation with Mr. Bright if you're available." she bet Paul’s selling that guy?
	"..." She's married without boyfriend though.
	At this moment, Bright Lee entered the living room and wiped the sweat from his forehead and neck with a towel.
	"Sir, breakfast is ready."
	Bright nodded, and his eyes swept across Rose, "Prepare hers first. I will go change clothes and no need to wait for me."
	"It doesn't matter. I'm not hungry as well." How dare she first.
	Bright Lee hurried to go upstairs. Paul went to prepare breakfast, Rose followed him, "Paul, let me help you."
	"Miss Rose, you are a guest."
	"Don't take me as a guest."
	After Bright took a shower and changed clothes, Rose had already arranged breakfast together with Paul.
	Bright Lee was in a white shirt with a dark tie which looked simple and neat as well as nice-looking.
	"We're going to theater after breakfast." He clipped his cuff links neatly and sat down.
	"Okay. But I had my clothes left in the hotel." Rose stared at her look for it wasn't proper for that place.
	Bill Newman arrived as soon as she finished her words, carrying a paper bag of certain famous brand in his hand, "Miss Rose, there are clothes for you."
	"Thank you."
	"It's Mr. Bright who told me to prepare that."
	Therefore, Rose had to appreciate Bright once more.
	Rose changed clothes after breakfast. She dressed in a white chiffon shirt, a chic suit with black and white, a pair of black straight drainpipe pants with high heels. The look made her perfectly elegant and decent.
	After the group got in the car, they started to head for the City J Theater.
	Bright Lee received a call as soon as he got out of the car, "Dad, what's the matter?"
	"Have you read the news this morning?" There was a trace of anger behind what Francis Lee said.
	"Something wrong?" Bright still asked his father calmly.
	Bill handed the phone to Bright, which said that the CEO of HY Group dated a beauty in a hotel at deep night, and both kissed each other rapturously in a car.
	Attached were some photos of them at the Four Seasons Hotel. It showed Rose Linder helping him fasten a seat belt and seemed like she’s kissing him. As both light and angle, it’s taken not so clear, especially unclear with the face of the girl.
	Rose saw it too, then she could recognize that it was herself.
	She raised her eyes and stared at Bright, but he still remained poised without any mood swings.
	"Don’t you dare say that ‘something wrong’?" Francis Lee was also looking at the photo. "You got married three years ago but haven't brought anyone back to me so far. What the hell are you exposed in this kind of scandal? If you truly care about both HY Group and Lee Family, you will never ever let this happen!"
	No one but members of Lee Family knew about Bright lee’s marriage. However, it was inevitable that a bit of clue would be caught by the media.
	"Dad, I will handle it perfectly." Bright also happened to look at Rose standing in front of him.
	"What’s your next step?" asked Francis, "let's talk about it."
	"Dad, if the girl in the photo is exactly Mrs. Lee... finally they’re not able to do anything with me." Bright curled up his lips with pride and confidence on his face.
	The girl of the photo is exactly Mrs. Lee? Is it her?
	Rose was totally surprised at the impossible information she heard just now.
	No! What mattered was that Bright was already married! Then why did he kiss her? This bastard!
	"Really?" Francis Lee was still skeptical, "You’re saying something true?"
	"Yeah." Bright behaved well this time.
	"Then just take her back to the Villa for dinner tonight and I would like to meet her." Francis Lee really looked forward to it.
	"Okay."
	As soon as Bright finished the call, he said to Rose, "My dad asked me to take you back to my family for dinner. Remember to dress up."
	Rose raised her hand and slapped it against his face——
Chapter 37 Are You Hiding From Me?
	Bright got to his senses in time and caught her hand in the air, “What are you doing?”
	“Let go of me!” Rose stared at him who knew nothing, the more she tried to break loose her hand the more his grip becomes and there’s no way to escape.
	“Are you unwilling to come dine at my house? It’s unnecessary to hit me for that reason.” Bright thought she was angry about that.
	“Mr. Lee, you’re married, it’s inappropriate to hold me like this, right?” Rose reminded him of his identity as a married man, “I don’t want to be your mistress.”
	“You’re not a mistress.” Bright’s face was attentive and serious, “Definitely not.”
	“Then Mr. Lee, do act accordingly with your identity, please.” Rose recalled him even kissed her twice without any regret and guilty.
	“You’re angry that I’m married?” He asked.
	“Mr. Lee, you think too much, your cheating not only hurts Mrs. Lee but also me. I never want to get involve with you other than for working purpose.” Rose only wished to hide far away but fate brought them together.
	“Ms. Linder didn’t hide anything from me?” Bright walked a step forward, looking right into her face, taking every change on her face into his eyes.
	A slight panic flashed in her eyes, she did hide her covenant marriage.
	This covenant marriage would soon come to an end and there was no need to tell him now that it may cause unnecessary trouble, more importantly, the reason she hadn’t revealed it was that the contract has stated specifically that she had no right to reveal this marriage to others.
	And that Doris……was in fact his own daughter.
	Thinking of such, Rose’s face grew white and changed the subject, “Mr. Lee, it’s time to work.”
	Rose tried once more to take back her hand and he loosed his grip too.
	She turned around and walked in stride with Bright looking at her tall and slim figure, the coolness on his face restored.
	It was only after the site visit and the discussion did Bright satisfy and waited for Rose to deliver the modified drawings back to him.
	As soon as the work ended, Rose was getting ready to leave.
	Bright didn’t stop her, “You may walk around in City J, tell Milan what you want to buy and I’ll pick you up for dinner at home after work.”
	“Mr. Lee, I have a busy schedule, I’ll head for the airport and fly straight back to City Y.” Rose was cool and calm.
	Plus, she hasn’t seen her daughter for two days and she missed her very much.
	“Ms. Linder, I suggest you not to be so impulsive.” Bright blocked her way with a turn.
	“Mr. Lee, it’s Mrs. Lee you should pick up for dinner at home, not me.” Rose frowned disapprovingly, “Mr. Lee, apart from work, let’s keep our distance, it’s better for everyone.”
	Rose walked past him in a cool manner, Bright caught her waist without moving his body, “Rose, only you can help me with this.”
	Rose took a deep breath to herself and felt the bitterness in her heart, “I’m so sorry, Mr. Lee, I can’t help you.”
	“You saw what’s on the news, it’s taking a great impact. People now are all guessing who the woman is in that photo. If we don’t handle it in time and allow them dig deeper, there will be consequences, have you thought of that? They will dig up every piece of information on you. Or do you wish to be identified?” Only then did Bright turn around, fierceness showed in his eyes.
	Rose’s face froze and she declared, “I just want a peaceful life.”
	Nevertheless, what he said made sense, this was the first time a woman got in a rumor with Bright Lee, how honored and unfortunate she was at the same time. She didn’t want to be exposed but she couldn’t run away from the fate of being disrupted.
	“It will depend on how well Ms. Linder cooperates.” Bright raised his eyebrow and spoke in a reasonable way.
	“If I go with you, isn't that an indirect confirmation of the inappropriate relationship with you?” Rose’s eyes were clear as water and her lips bit slightly, “If Mrs. Lee learns about this, she will accuse me as your mistress which I will have no way to argue for myself.”
	She couldn’t afford to bear the crime of breaking other people’s marriage and she certainly didn’t want her child to think that she was that kind of indecent woman.
	“Rose, you have to trust me. As long as you come home for dinner with me, I’ll solve this problem perfectly.” Bright saw she began to soften up so he spoke in a gentler way.
	“I…… can’t trust you.” Rose thought she couldn’t do it, at least not now.
	Had he not asked her to drive him home, she couldn’t get into such trouble, it was indeed unexpected trouble.
	“Even if I trust you, what about Mrs. Lee? What position you will put her? She is your wife.”
	Was it no love in the rich family’s marriage? That they could hurt each other casually?
	“Rose, as long as you trust me, I’ll handle everything.” Bright placed both his hands on her shoulder heavily, his clear eyes were seeming to melt her down, “Because today you’re Mrs. Lee. This is the best way.”
	“Mr. Lee, are you kidding me?” A big joke.
	She was Mrs. Lee, how was it possible?
	“I’m not joking.” He puckered his lips, standing in front of her, his magnetic voice was spreading on top of her head, “No one has ever seen Mrs. Lee, including my father. If I say you are Ms. Lee, you will be. As long as I or the Lee family release such statement to satisfy the public’s curiosity, then there will be no one digging you up maliciously, and more so I can use my relations to stop it.”
	“Then you can use your relations to solve it now. No need for me to pretend to be Mrs. Lee and accompany you to dine with your parents. It will only make things more complicated.” Rose slightly raised her head and met his eyes, “You can’t fake the real and the real can’t be fake. Mrs. Lee will meet your parents eventually.”
	“Your concern is unnecessary.” Bright was certain and sincere, “If you think this is unfair to you, then I’ll owe you one and you can ask for my favor anytime in the future. I, Bright Lee, will make it happen no matter what.”
	“Mr. Lee is indeed a businessman who can trade anything.” Rose’s lips parted slowly, a smile spread in her eyes but still there’s still coldness deep down, “I can’t do it.”
	She really couldn’t do it?
	She had sold her marriage once to save Doris.
	Was she able to bet on her dignity just for being a fake Mrs. Lee?
	“Rose, after this is done, your life will be no different to that of yours right now.” Bright took back his hands and stood upright, “You think about it.”
	Bright walked past her, got in the car and left the theatre.
	Rose stood on the spot, the sun light went through, stretching her shadow into a long shape.
	The sunlight was quite warm but she couldn’t feel it at all.
	What should she do?
Chapter 38 What’s Their Relationship?
	Rose got back to her hotel room and the back of her feet was scratched for the long walk in high heels.
	She found some ethanol to disinfect, put some ointment on it and put a Band-Aid on in the end.
	She took out the scheme marked on the site today and turned on her laptop to work.
	Bright was especially serious and hard at his work and his comments were very reasonable. It made her, a designer, have to make some changes accordingly.
	However, as a man, would he be too abominable as a husband?
	She still couldn’t figure out what kind of problem he and his wife might encounter that would allow someone else to take Mrs. Lee’s place.
	Did he have some unspeakable difficulty?
	But he was Bright Lee, he could turn the cloud into the rain, he was omnipotent, who could bother him?
	Rose poked her head with her pencil, why the hell did she think such things.
	At this moment, her phone rang with a video call request.
	She clicked ‘accept’ and her daughter Doris’s angel face appeared on the screen.
	“Holle, Mommy.” Doris was waving at her sweetly, “Have you been good today?”
	“……” Shouldn’t she be the one who asked that? How come she became the daughter and Doris became her mom?
	“It’s only 15:40 in the afternoon, you haven’t got out of school yet, right?” She peeked at the clock on the bottom right corner of the computer screen, how could she have the time to videocall her?
	“The teachers need to have a meeting early today, so we got off school early. I’m in Auntie Jane’s office. I miss you too much so I call you.” Doris picked up the iPad and showed her the room around just to prove she was not lying.
	Her daughter’s mouth was so sweet that it took all her trouble away.
	“Mommy misses you too.”
	“This I know for sure.” Doris raised her eyebrow proudly, “because I’m mommy’s baby.”
	Yes, her angel baby, her happy muse, a bright light in her dark life.
	“Today is the weekend, where are you going with Auntie Jane? What are you going to eat?” Rose was shining with a maternal warm light when she looked at her daughter.
	“It’s a secret.” Doris put her finger on her lip, acting mysteriously.
	“What a mischievous elf you are, even mommy can’t know?” Her look made Rose grinned.
	“Of course, there won’t be any surprises if I tell you.” Doris cupped her chin with her hands, her eyes most appealing.
	“Are you in a video with your mom?” Jane’s figure got in the camera, she put down the water cup and said hello to Rose.
	“What are you guys planning to do this evening?” Rose was intrigued.
	“A secret.” Jane put her finger on her lips just as Doris did, revealing nothing.
	Jane and Doris smiled at each other, other people might take them as mother and daughter.
	“Are you guys trying to squeeze me out as a stranger?” Rose pretended to groan.
	“You’re not a stranger and we miss you. Love you.” They both pout their mouths and put on a cute look.
	“I forgive you two, for I’m so pretty and a nice person.” Rose pointed her chin with her hand holding the pencil.
	“Mommy is the most pretty women in the world.” Flattery from Doris.
	“We’ve got to go, otherwise we won’t make it.” Jane waved her hand and ended the call.
	Rose looked at the black screen, wondering what was this secrecy all about, even her couldn’t know.
	She put down the phone and lost in thought for a moment before she continued her work.
	Suddenly she put down the pencil, got up and went to the bedroom, taking out a pink mid-sleeves long dress which outlined her sexy body, the end of her dress reaching her calf, both elegant and graceful.
	She did a peachy make-up on to match her pink dress, sweet and gentle, making her look approachable.
	Her long and slightly curly hair fell naturally on her left breast, displaying her feminine.
	She looked in the mirror and smiled satisfactorily when Bright called.
	“I’m on my way to the hotel.” The reason Bright was so certain must be that he didn’t see her flight information of leaving City X and that he assumed she decided to go home with him.
	“I’ll wait for you at the hotel door.” Rose took a deep breath, convincing herself not to care, “Mr. Lee, once and only, there won’t be a next.”
	“Alright.” Bright agreed instantly.
	Rose put away her phone, she changed her mind because of Doris.
	Bright was right, anything related to him would be the spotlight of media.
	If it was not handled well, she would be exposed. She was not afraid but she didn’t want Doris to get involved and brought her any harm, which will also lead to Bright’s suspicion.
	She could withstand everything but Doris was merely a child.
	For her daughter, she was willing to trust that Bright could handle it well and cool everything down.
	She put in order her working materials, grabbed her silver bag and cellphone, then left.
	She walked to the elevators and waited when the door opened, Bright was in the elevator. didn’t she tell him not to come up?
	Bright was standing in the elevator, tall with long legs, handsome and strong, attracting everyone’s attention.
	“What are you standing there for?” Bright reached out his hand and pulled her inside.
	Bright looked at the dressed-up Rose, full of approval and appreciation.
	“Ms. Linder, you look fabulous.”
	“Thank you.”
	After going down two floors, the elevator’s door opened, Rose was stupefied on the spot when she saw Sky standing outside of the elevator.
	They went into each other just like that, even Sky wouldn’t believe, both of them looked at each other’s eyes, full of surprise.
	Quick enough, Sky took his eyes away and restored his calmness, pretending not to know each other.
	Sky noticed Bright at the same time, “Hello, Mr. Lee.”
	“Mr. Sky Tanner, welcome to City J.” Bright greeted back.
	After they said their greeting, the elevator grew quiet as hell and it seems even more repressing with such a crowd in the small space.
	They didn’t speak during the elevator ride, as more guests came inside, pushing Sky towards Rose and Bright, Rose lost her balance and accidentally stepped on Sky’s foot.
	By instinct, Sky tried to hold her still by reaching out his hands, but Bright who was next to her held her still one step ahead, “Why weren’t you more careful?”
	“I’m alright.” She gently broke away his arms and raised her eyes to look at Sky, “Sorry.”
	Sky didn’t respond as though he hadn’t heard her.
	“Don't Mr. Tanner and Ms. Linder know each other? Why don’t you speak?” Bright saw that they both took each other for air.
	“We’re not well acquainted.” Sky tried to create a distance between Rose.
	“Mr. Tanner, your wife is my sister, and I’m supposed to address you as brother-in-law.” Rose decided to embarrass him.
	Sky frowned his eyebrow displeasingly.
	Brother-in-law……how disturbing it sounded.
	But he wouldn’t call her sister.
	Finally, the elevator reached the ground floor, guests went out one by one.
	Bright and Rose arrived at the hotel door, a dark Bentley Mulsanne was parked in front of her.
	He opened the door for her as a gentleman, what a match of a handsome man and beautiful woman.
	Sky watched them leave, and wondering about their relationship.
Chapter 39 Perhaps She was Pregnant?
	The Lee family’s house, situated in the south of the city, was an ancient Chinese mansion built with blocks and tires, covered with green vines, displaying a plain and dignified style and a historical touch.
	Judging from its location and its history, it was indeed priceless.
	Seeing the exquisitely-decorated expensive carpet, Rose didn’t dare to step on it.
	During her hesitation, Bright grabbed her hand which was holding the bag and walked inside the living room.
	The clean and polished carpet under the feet was very comfortable, the interior decoration of the house was not as nouveau riche as she thought before, but was both refined in details and elegant in style, those flower pots displayed everywhere seemed refreshing in its way.
	The furniture inside was decorated with Chinese carved patterns, the flowers and birds engraved on it were so vivid and lively. Lots of expensive Chinese paintings and calligraphy could be seen everywhere, showcasing a significant implication and style.
	She had heard that the Lee family was a family of the Confucian culture a hundred years ago, all the family members were highly educated and more cultivated than the nouveau riche nowadays.
	It was quite a shock to witness.
	How come such refined and cultured temperament was absent on Bright Lee that she could only notice the hooligan temperament on him?
	“Please have a seat.” Bright invited her.
	Rose smiled but she didn’t dare to sit on such antique, what if she accidentally broke it, she could not pay for the damage even if she sold herself.
	“Aren’t you fearless? Look how my house has scared you?” Bright saw that Rose was standing upright and her body even looked a little stiff.
	“I’m not afraid, it’s just I’m nervous seeing your parents the first time.” Rose tried her best to relax and lowered her voice, “And I’m also the fake daughter-in-law.”
	“What is fake and what is real?” Bright raised his thick eyebrow and a faint smile appeared on his face, “The one standing here is real.”
	Rose stared at him, “It’s easy for you to say.”
	A server brought two cups of tea to them, “Mr. Lee, Mrs. Lee, please have a cup of tea.”
	“Thanks.” Rose said.
	What Mrs. Bright, it was bullshit.
	She was like Cinderella in the fairytale, at twelve o’clock this beautiful princess would become Cinderella again.
	“Here you come.” A gentle and loving sound was heard.
	Then a graceful and elegant woman with a classical face and refined and beautiful eyes appeared.
	She had set her hair up and was wearing a dark green Chinese dress, cheongsam, which showcased her good figure and her posture, delicate and sophisticated as a woman from the south of China.
	She walked over with a smile on her face, “Bright, your father was writing and he will come down soon.”
	“Hmm.” Bright replied perfunctorily without lifting his eyes.
	The woman looked very young, around her 40s, and she certainly didn’t look like his mother but Rose didn’t know whether she was his sister or some family friend.
	Rose didn’t know how to address her so she looked towards Bright, hoping he could give her some hints.
	“Hello, I’m Hallie Hill, wife of Bright’s father.” Hallie noticed Rose’s uncertainty and introduced herself first, “Please have a seat, make yourself at home.”
	So she was Bright’s stepmother, how beautiful, elegant, nice and gentle she was, nothing like those arrogant wives in the rich family.
	“Mrs. Hallie, hello. I’m Rose Linder.” Rose was quite nervous, hoping she had addressed her properly.
	She was merely a few years older than Rose but seniority in the family。
	At this moment, the footstep sound was heard coming from the second floor, both Hallie and Bright stood up and Rose who never sat at all.
	Hallie walked around the sofa to help Francis sit on the sofa.
	Another two cups of tea were offered by a server who then retreated.
	“Dad, this is my wife.” Bright reached out his hand to hold Rose’s hand, “Are you satisfied?”
	“Mr……” Rose felt the added pressure from Bright’s hand, Bright corrected her, “You should call him Dad.”
	Only then did Rose recovered, this was Bright’s biological father and it was only natural that she called after him.
	“Hello, Dad, I’m Rose.” She almost stuttered with her tongue.
	Francis looked towards Rose who was standing by the side, he looked her up and down before he said, “We’re a family, why are you standing up, let’s have a seat.”
	“Thanks, Dad.” Rose behaved perfectly as a good daughter-in-law.
	Bright helped Rose sit down before he was about to sit as well, “I didn’t ask you to sit, you stand still!”
	“Dad, this is the first day I brought your daughter-in-law home, how improper it is to make me stand.” Bright continued to stand without sitting down though.
	“Now you mention it? You have been married with Rose for three years and it takes you this long to bring her home for once? Where is your manner? Now you make her think that we, the Lee family, are petty and we parents are illiberal……. You ask for it yourself.” Rose had made a very good impression on Francis.
	Such a lady standing there politely was comfortable to look at.
	The way she dressed and talked was decent enough without being pretentious, and she was even acting a little bit nervous from shyness, seem real and natural.
	“Dad, hasn’t I brought her home now? It was better than never, right? Don’t be too demanding.” Bright was about to sit next to Rose when he finished speaking.
	“I told you to stand, didn’t you hear me?” Francis was furious, “Or else I’ll break your leg.”
	“Don’t yell with such a loud voice, this is the first time Rose comes, you will scare her and she might not come again.” Hallie patted gently on Francis’s shoulder, and passed him the tea, “Here, take a sip, and cool down.”
	“Don’t you speak in his favor, see how you spoil him.” Francis pushed the cup of tea away, “Weren’t it not reported in the news, I suppose you would never bring Rose back home for us to see in this life time?”
	“I didn’t say that.” Bright denied.
	“But you obviously had thought about that.” Francis reached out a finger and pointed at Bright’s breast.
	“Dad, can you read my mind? how do you know what I think?” Bright started to think his dad was being unreasonable, “Dad, how long are you planning to be angry with me, seriously, don’t scare your daughter-in-law. You will need to deal with the consequences if you do.”
	Francis glanced at Rose with a bit worry and subdued some of his anger, “Rose, don’t take me wrong. It was my son who didn’t bring you home, not that Hallie and I don’t want to meet you. Please don’t be mad with us, if you are to be mad, be mad at him!”
	“Dad, why do you ask your daughter-in-law to be mad at me? You should ask her to treat me well……”
	“Shut up!” Bright was interrupted by his father.
	Seeing how Bright was scolded by his father, Rose was so surprised and it was actually kind of fun to see them argue.
	The Lee family was the most famous among the famous families but the Lee family was nothing arrogant and they were all nice and gentle without looking down upon her.
	“What do you mean by dealing with the consequences?” Francis recalled, “Is Rose pregnant?”
Chapter 40 Arrange a Wedding for Them
	Bright turned his head sideways, his sight fell on Rose’s flat lower abdomen, and Rose stroked her lower abdomen out of instinct, her fair face was blushed with redness.
	Rose had a guilty conscience, although she was pretending to be his Mrs. Lee and she was not pregnant at all, she did give him a daughter which was a fact.
	“Dad, we’re still young, we don’t need to be in a hurry. We’ve got time.” Bright stared at her shy face, denying it.
	They did not even have sex how could she be pregnant.
	“It’s been three years. What have you been doing?” Francis said disapprovingly, he turned to look at Rose, “Rose, tell me, is he always busy with work and that he has no time to with you?”
	Being targeted by Francis, Rose was faced with a dilemma, how was she supposed to answer such a tricky question?
	Rose clutched her fingers together and peeked at Bright behind, expecting some hints from him.
	However, she was busted by Francis, “Rose, what are you look at him for? Tell me the truth, if he dares to cause you trouble, tell me, I’ll be there for you.”
	Rose was on the edge of crying but she somehow retained her smile, “Dad, he has been good to me.”
	“Did he?” Francis’s words were full of suspicions, he looked at Bright reproachingly, “How come you don’t have a son or daughter after three years, I’ve been expecting to be a grandpa.”
	“Dad, I’ll have to leave such matter as having kids to fate.” Bright sat down in the meantime, taking Rose in his arms.
	They sat side by side, one was beautiful, the other was handsome, it was just like a magazine shooting, what a match!
	“Cut it off.” Francis stared at his disobedient son, “Do you know uncle Jim’s son? He’s two years younger than you and he is already a father of two kids. Uncle Jim is busy playing with his grandchildren all day and can’t stop praising them whenever he meets people……So tell me, Bright, when can I be grandpa?”
	“Dad, we will work harder.” Bright’s hand pressed harder on Rose’s shoulder, his eyes were dark and deep with emotion that she couldn’t make out, “Right?”
	Rose’s eyes met with his, feeling trapped again by him.
	“Dad, Don’t worry. He will make that happen.” It’s him, not them.
	“Rose, this boy is a trouble maker, I’ll leave him in your charge from now on.” With a daughter-in-law, he was happy to shift the burden, “No matter what, Hallie and I will stand on your side.”
	Hallie smiled without saying a word, it was inappropriate for her to talk about their relationship as a stepmother after all.
	“Dad just handed me to you, you must take responsible with me then.” Bright looked at her affectionately.
	Such Bright Lee seemed to be a good husband, it was as if she was the treasure in his eyes.
	Rose was able to melt down before she recovered her senses, taking her eyes away from him, “Don’t play a victim when you have taken advantage.”
	“Who has taken advantage?” Bright further demanded.
	Of course it was me, but Rose never spoke out loud and responded to him with a disdainful look.
	Seeing that they joked with each other, Francis showed a satisfying smile.
	Hallie offered him the tea, “You see how good they are together, you can relax now.”
	“I shall observe for a longer time.” Francis used the cup cover to filter the leaves on his tea, then took two sips.
	“Don’t scold Bright in front of Rose, it’s not good to damage his image.” Hallie suggested to her husband, “This is Rose’s first time here, we should be nice and harmonious. And we as the elder generation should behave in a cultured way.”
	Bright gave it some thought before he put down the tea and nodded.
	Hallie took out the present which was prepared in advance, and said to Rose gently, “Rose, this is your first time here, your father and I had prepared a gift for you, it’s a good gesture, please take it.”
	She stood up and offered the red velvet box, it was a green jade bracelet inside, the green color was clear and clean, highest grade by look.
	There was a price for gold but not for jade and a gift from the Lee family must worth a fortune.
	“This is too expensive.” Rose looked at the jade bracelet, shook her head and didn’t dare to take it.
	“This is the gift from Bright’s biological mother to her future daughter-in-law, it's only right that you take it.” Francis especially pointed out the value of the jade bracelet.
	“Yes, Rose, don’t feel pressured, his mother would be very happy that you take it.” Hallie convinced her with understanding, “Take it.”
	Rose sat there feeling restless, this was Bright’s mother’s legacy, how could she, a fake daughter-in-law, take away the very gift that his family gave to his wife?
	She felt like she was losing it, she was very anxious and she only wished to escape right away.
	Bright held her waist, not giving her any chance to escape, reached out to take the jade bracelet and put the lid back, “I’ll take it for her.”
	“Thank you, Dad…… Hallie.” Rose replied.
	“Rose, I see that you’re quite young?” Hallie changed the subject into something lighter.
	Rose was pretty, although she had given birth to Doris, she still had a young girl’s shyness and innocence in her, it would not be strange for people to mistake her as a college student.
	“I’m 25 years old already.” Such casual small talk made Rose relax a lot.
	“I couldn’t tell if you don’t say.” Hallie was surprised, “Are you working now?”
	“Yes, I am.”
	“What do you do?”
	“I’m a designer, mainly in the field of decoration.”
	“A designer, that’s good.” Hallie spoke to Francis, “So Rose is capable.”
	Francis agreed with a nod, then asked further, “So who else is in your family?”
	“Dad, are you doing a family background research? Aren’t you tired?” Bright saw them asking questions in turn and browned unwillingly.
	“Such a nice girl as Rose has been married with you for three years, don’t you need to greet their parents?” Francis said.
	“Dad, I make my own decisions, they won’t intervene.” Thinking of her own parents and her own home, Rose felt a coldness in her heart all of a sudden.
	But here, at the Lee family, she felt the warmth in a family, even though Bright and his father argued with each other a lot which reflected the indulgence a real family should have.
	Bright’s stepmother was a gentle and reasonable person, she didn’t take Bright’s distanced manner into her heart and would even speak for him, smoothing things out between the father and the son.
	This was a family, which she envied very much.
	“How can it be? We are your husband’s family and we should act accordingly. Otherwise, people would say we are lack of respect.” Francis’s attitude was firm, “Rose, see when suit your family and we shall dine together with both families, and we should also discuss about your wedding. Our Lee family will not allow you suffer.”
	What? A wedding? It’s getting out of control!
Chapter 41 Parents' Meeting Is A Must
	Rose Linder was shocked that the lie was about to be revealed.
	On the contrary, Bright Lee's calm as ever. As if he's nothing to do with it like an outsider, no matter it is.
	"Dad, the wedding is a must, but not for now." Bright Lee had already been aware of Rose's panic.
	"Not for now? Wait for another three years until when kids would be elder enough?" Francis Lee's pissed off to hear that from his son.
	"Dad, it's not the best time for a wedding." Bright Lee raised his eyebrows slightly and said in a calm tone, "This is our wedding, and I will work on it properly."
	"This is not just your wedding, it's also about the Lee Family and the relationship between both Families." Francis Lee's anger rose from the bottom of his heart, "And you're gotta screwed it up!"
	Francis Lee was picking up a cup on the table and smashing on Bright. A stream of white light flashed in the air. Bright put Rose in his arms and crushed her over onto the sofa. The cup hit the flower vase behind then broke in pieces.
	Rose felt her heart beating extremely fast, and she didn't even realize what happened.
	"OMG dear, what are you doing? What if you hurt Rose?" Hallie Hill's full of worries. Both Francis and Bright were sharp to each other, and neither of them was willing to take a step back.
	Francis exploded with anger and cried angrily, "Impossible! I'm always sure of everything I do!"
	"Look at you, you' re not a kid. Just calm down first and control yourself. As the doctor requested it for you with no anger." Hallie Hill comforted gently his sore chest, and looked at Bright and Rose, "Are you all right? ?"
	Rose gently pushed Bright away and took his arm, "You okay?"
	"I'm not that vulnerable." said Bright calmly.
	The cup would have hit on his forehead if he hadn't dodged fast. What’s worse, he might have even got bleeding for that.
	Bright was afraid of hurting Rose so that first reaction was to protect her, though the cup was not for her.
	Rose experienced ups and downs, and got shocked but moved inwardly.
	At this moment, an unconscious emotion spread across her heart.
	"Hey?" Bright was confused about her staring at him like this, she seemed to lose her mind.
	Rose shook her head quickly, and looked at Francis, "Dad, I don't want to have a wedding, and it has nothing to do with Bright. It's all my fault, just don't blame on him please."
	"Don't take his part, I know exactly who he is." Francis didn't believe what Rose explained.
	"Dad, that's me who ask him to do so. I do want to keep a low profile, all I want is to live a peaceful life. ‘Cause I don't wanna so much attention on me as Mrs. Lee. And I will be disturbed at work and even questioned for my ability. Dad, I know it's kind of selfish though. To be honest, all I wish is to live a happy life with Bright. I don't really care about the wedding for it's merely a formality."
	"Dad, could you give us more time on that?"
	Rose spoke a lot so sincerely. She even moved by every word from the bottom of her heart.
	"Dear, just let them go and I know they can handle it." Hallie also was moved and persuaded her husband.
	Francis glanced at his wife who smiled softly at him.
	"Alright, I'm old then and I stay out of it.The wedding is up to you. But there's no more discussion on the parents' meeting." He supported himself by the armrest of the sofa to stand up, "Let's go for dinner."
	"Okay." Hallie helped him to the dining room.
	Both Bright and Rose were still stuck on the sofa, and they had not brought back to themselves completely in shocks of what happened just now.
	"Let's go, dinner first." Bright Lee intended to pull her up.
	"But..." Everything's just out of imagination so that she had no appetite for anything. "Mr. Bright, have you ever thought of that matter and what's on earth your solution?"
	"Just go with the flow." It seems that there's nothing in this world that will panic Bright Lee.
	Rose looked up at him, "But now we're about to parents' meeting."
	"Don't worry, I'll take care of everything." Bright Lee smoothed her twisted eyebrows with fingers, kind of affectionate.
	Rose trembled her eyelashes slightly then took a step away uncomfortably, "Your parents are still waiting for us, let's go."
	After that, she lowered her head and bypassed him to move quickly.
	Bright stared at his fingertips and couldn't help shaking head with a smile.
	Then he behaved naturally to thrust a hand in his trouser pocket and strode to keep up with her.
	Inside the huge dining room was a round log table where Francis and Hallie were sitting next to each other. Meanwhile, the butler arranged a nanny to serve dishes on the table.
	Bright pulled out the chair for Rose thoughtfully, and wait for her to sit down before himself.
	Obviously there were only four of them at the table, but dozens of dishes were prepared.
	"Rose, I was told that you're from City H, so I asked them to prepare some specialties and home-cooked dishes of City Y. I hope you like it." Rose really felt at home for the kindness of Hallie.
	"Thank you, and sorry for bothering you." Looking at the dazzling array of delicacies, Rose thought it's kinda a waste of food.
	"Rose, we're a family, don't mention it." Hallie Hill pointed at chicken soup stewed with matsutake and yam, "Bright, serve a bowl of soup for Rose. It's better to have soup first."
	"Hallie, no need for that." How dare she? Bright Lee dipped soup for her? It's definitely what she couldn't imagine, "Let me serve soup for dad and you."
	Rose ladled soup in their bowls for both Francis and Hallie who showed an apparent satisfaction and admiration for the girl.
	At the time she was about to serve one for Bright, however, he took the ladle over from her and said, "It's my turn."
	Hallie smiled at Rose and told her to sit down.
	Very soon, Bright brought a bowl of soup to Rose, "Be slow and careful of the hot soup."
	"Yeah." Holding the soup in her hands, she could feel the warmth flowing from palms into her heart.
	Bright also served himself a bowl of soup which was indeed delicious.
	Then everyone followed the rule of not saying while at the table, and Bright would pick some farther dishes to Rose.
	The atmosphere was much more relaxing than before, so that Rose enjoyed dinner with them together as well.
	Honestly, Hallie was graceful in manners including having dinner.
	After dinner, Bright followed with Francis to the study to discuss matters, while Hallie stayed together with Rose to chat in the living room.
	Hallie's passionate to introduce some effective skincare products to Rose, telling her that women should learn ways of skincare and treat themselves better from now on.
	"This set of skincare products is a gift for you." Hallie's generous of selecting an international brand and said to Rose, "Just tell me once you run out of it."
	"Thank you. But it's so precious for me as a gift and I won't take it." Rose declined.
	"Do you think my gift is not as valuable as the gift left by his mother?" She pretended to be mad.
	"That's not what I mean."
	"Just feel free to take it." She stuffed it into Rose's hand.
	It' not easy for Rose to refuse the gift once again but accept it, "Hallie, thanks a lot. "
	"We are all your family here. You regarded me as an outsider if you keep saying so." Hallie Hill took Rose's hand and patted it gently, as loving as a mother.
	"Visitors at home?" At this moment, a young man and a woman entered the living room.
Chapter 42 There's A Huge Generation Gap
	Rose looked at them and vice versa.
	Hallie Hill raised her hand to greet both, "You are back, come here."
	The two came over and sat aside, but their attention was paid on Rose.
	"Zoe and Stefan, she's your second sister-in-law, Rose Linder." Hallie Hill introduced them to each other, "Rose, she's my daughter Zoe Hill. He's my youngest son Stefan Lee. And they are all in college now, one is a freshman and the other is a sophomore. You guys come and say hello."
	"Nice to meet you, Rose." said Stefan in a white shirt, neat and tidy. He's a little bit shy and cutie.
	Zoe was more overjoyed than unexpected and asked, "When did second eldest brother get married? I didn't even know that!"
	"Zoe, it's your brother's decision, don't be impolite." Hallie scolded her daughter softly, "Come and greet Rose."
	"Good to see you, Rose." Zoe greeted unwillingly.
	"Don't be like this if you don' wanna do that." There were footsteps upstairs and followed with a cold voice. That's Bright with a cold expression.
	"Brother." Zoe quickly stood up and called him in a bell-like and cheerful voice.
	"Brother." said Stefan.
	Bright just responded lightly, then walked towards Rose and naturally hold her hand, "Let's go home."
	"My brother, you finally came back once. Could you just stay here overnight and spend more time with dad?" Zoe felt lost when she saw Bright leaving.
	"It would be nice to have you and Stefan here." Bright had rarely stayed overnight in Lee's villa since he moved to Ginkgo Villa. "I won't stay here to bother dad. Out of sight, out of mind."
	After that, Bright intended to hold Rose's hand and leave. Meanwhile though, Hallie called Rose, "Rose, your gift."
Chapter 43 Give birth within wedlock
	Doris noticed that Bright was silent, she held onto his hand and tugged twice. Her beautiful cheeks framed her smile, “Uncle, you don’t have to feel inferior, it’s alright if you do not know them. Uncle, you are very handsome and this alone will let a lot of people envy to death.”
	She’s truly a cute and compassionate little girl. Bright was so amused by her that he smiled from ear to ear.
	“Have you eaten yet?” Bright looked at the time.
	“I ate on the airplane.” She answered.
	Bright frowned as the airline meals weren’t nutritious, “That’s unacceptable. You are in your formative years and need more nutrition. Let’s go, I’ll let you eat something delicious.”
	He held onto Doris’s hands but she pulled him back, “Uncle, thanks but there is no need.”
	“You thank me before eating?” Bright gently pinched her cheeks, “Uncle is also hungry, can you do me a favor and accompany me for a meal? We’ll go somewhere nearby. It won’t be too far off.”
	Doris looked at Bright with her big round eyes as if to say, really?
	“Silence means consent.” Bright carried Doris up.
	He looked at Doris who was in his embrace. Her eyebrows looked as if they were drawn, her eyelashes were long and curly. She blinked and blinked. She was so adorable.
	He has always been a cool person, but looking at Doris made him warm-up and felt close to her.
	He felt the desire to keep her within his embrace and protect her.
	“What do you feel like eating?” Bright didn’t drive and walked in big strides with her in his arms.
	They walked in the busy street in full view of everyone.
	“I’ll eat whatever uncle likes to eat.” Doris’s arms were around his neck and added, “I’m not picky. I’m easy to raise.”
	This made Bright laugh again and said, “Pigs are easy to raise.”
	“Then I’m the prettiest pig in the world.” Doris used her small finger to prop up her nose till it looked like a pig’s snout and then, “Oink, oink.”
	This soft and cutie girl, beautiful and adorable like a little fairy. Her smile and laughter can easily melt one’s heart.
	Bright felt that he couldn’t get enough of looking at her. His worries all melt away and felt very happy.
	Bright chose a family-themed restaurant and the waiter opened the glass door, “Welcome.”
	“Thanks,” Doris answered sweetly.
	At this time there were many patrons and when Bright carried the cute Doris in, they naturally became the focal point. They attracted the attention of those who were in the restaurant.
	Bright chose a table next to the window and after placing Doris onto the chair, he sat opposite her.
	The waitress came soon after and placed the menu on the table and poured two glasses of water. “Good day, Sir, what would you like?”
	Bright took a look at the menu and ordered, “One of this kids meal, plus a portion of prawns. I will have this set. A glass of lemon tea and a glass of milk.”
	“One moment please.” The waitress took down the order and before she left, she couldn’t resist and looked at them again.
	Doris placed down the panda toy and asked, “Handsome uncle, that Miss kept looking at you. I’m so cute and she only looked at me once!”
	“But I only have eyes for you.” Bright held onto his glass and said.
	“Handsome uncle, you really know how to joke…” Doris blinked like the stars, “If you keep doing this, I’ll switch sides.”
	She made an exception for her that her idol now was a handsome uncle instead of Dougie. This handsome uncle was far too dashing and handsome, he was so masculine.
	She would nearly have more feelings for Bright than Dougie, what can she do?
	“Who do you like more, me or Dougie?" Bright continued to ask her.
	“I really like you but you are too old. When I grow up you are already old. Uncle cannot stay single while waiting for me. Even if you are willing, your parents would not agree. I feel that it’s better that I choose Dougie. We are not too compatible…” Doris said softly and peeked at him.
	Bright wasn’t angry, he stretched his hand and stroked her hair, “How old are you and you’re thinking of marrying? Everyone says that a daughter is a father’s princess. Will your father agree to it?”
	“I don’t have a father.” Doris shook her head.
	“No father?” Has your father passed away or divorced?
	Doris took off her pink-colored backpack and took out a drawing from the bag and opened it.
	This was a drawing of a happy family that she drew the last time.
	Bright saw a lady holding onto the hands of a little girl on a grass field with a night sky full of stars.
	Doris pointed to the largest star on the drawing and said, “This is my father. She said that my father had turned into a star to protect us. I know that mom doesn’t want me to be sad and said this. Actually, I know that father is already dead.”
	Although Doris said it casually but her eyes radiated a sadness that she was fatherless.
	“Don’t be sad.” Bright doesn’t know how to console her. This was not his forte.
	“Uncle, I’m alright. Although my father can’t be with us, I will always be with my mother. I want to grow up fast and protect mom for dad. I won’t let her be bullied. I’m a strong girl.” Doris raised her arm to show that she was strong.
	She was clearly a cute little girl and yet she said that she was a strong girl.
	“How about this, if future you protect your mom and I’ll protect you.” Bright looked at the strong-willed cutie pie in front of him but his heart ached.
	Although he was not her father, he hoped that he can do these for her.
	“Okay.” Doris agreed immediately and stretched out her hand, “we need to shake on it.”
	Bright played along and shook her little hand. He grasped her tiny but chubby hands and it felt so right.
	They looked at each other and laughed. Thereafter the waitress served their meals.
	When the waitress served the meal to Bright, she looked at his dashingly handsome face and her heart raced, “Sir, your daughter is very pretty, she looks just like you.”
	We look alike?
	Bright squinted and looked at the cutie pie in front of him, but he wasn’t so lucky as to have such a cute daughter.
	“Thanks.”
	“Your daughter must have inherited all you and your wife’s good looks and that’s why she is so cute.” The waitress looked for an excuse to chat with him.
	Rose’s name flashed in his mind.
	If only they could have a daughter like Doris, except that she might not be willing to.
	Bright’s thin lips hooked upwards slightly, should he take out his marriage certificate to have a legally born baby?
Chapter 44 The child is lost
	“We are going to have our meal, miss, bye bye.” Doris didn’t like the way the waitress was looking at Bright.
	This was her handsome uncle and she doesn’t want to share him with anyone else.
	The waitress could sense from her tone that they don’t want to be disturbed.
	“Enjoy your meal, just call me if you need anything.” The waitress left unwillingly.
	Bright didn’t even take notice of her, it was as if she didn’t exist to him.
	“Handsome Uncle, are you married?” Doris picks up the fork and got ready to eat.
	“Why’s the matter?” His hands with a thin glove stopped and he looked at her suspiciously.
	“Then do you like me? How much do you like me?” Doris asked again.
	“Very much. So much that I would like to have a daughter like you.” He pondered and then answered.
	“Since you like me so much, can you love me and those associated with me? I’ll introduce my mother to you. Although my mom is a single mother, she is extremely kind, lovely, and beautiful. She can cook very well and will certainly be able to take good care of you.” Doris started to recommend her mother and she was really concerned about her mother’s marriage, “She will be a very good wife.”
	“I believe that your mother is an excellent lady but I am already married.” Bright endeavored to be tactful, he doesn’t want to hurt Doris’s feelings because, in the eyes of a little girl, her mom would be the best. “Your mother will definitely be able to find a husband who will love her as your father did.”
	“Handsome uncle, it’s okay. You and my mother are not destined to be together.” Doris was very compassionate. “I wish you and your wife a beautiful and blissful life. Quickly give birth to beautiful and cute baby like me!”
	Bright smirked and nodded, “Let’s eat.”
	He took the steamed shrimps, deshelled, and placed them on to Doris’s plate.
	Kids should eat more fish and prawns as they are nutritious and good for brain development.
	Doris quickly ate the prawns. Bright was very satisfied when he saw her eating obediently.
	After the meal, Bright paid and was about to leave with Doris when he saw her scratching her arm.
	When Doris noticed him approaching, she quickly placed her hands behind her back.
	“What’s wrong?”
	“Nothing, let’s go.”
	Bright didn’t believe her and bent down to look at her arm. Her snow-white skin had lots of red spots and looked like an allergic reaction.
	“Are you allergic to something? What can’t you eat?” Bright realized that he was too careless and didn’t ask her before the meal. “It’s the prawns, isn’t it?”
	Doris knew that she can’t hide it and nodded.
	“My mistake, I was too careless.” Bright frowned.
	“Uncle, don’t be so hard on yourself. I was greedy and forgot that I shouldn’t eat prawns.” Doris didn’t want Bright to be upset, “I love to eat prawns, I thought that I’ll be alright if I just ate a little, but it was so delicious and I couldn’t resist…”
	“Uncle will take you to the hospital now.” Bright picked her up and left in a hurry with a face full of worry.
	On the other end, Jane walked to the front desk and asked if Rose had checked in. Thereafter she contacted Rose but couldn’t find Doris.
	“Doris said that she will wait for me here. I just went in for a short while… Rose, I’m sorry, it’s my mistake and lost Doris…” Jane was so anxious that she almost cried.
	“It’s not your fault, I’m to blame as well. My phone ran out of battery.” Rose suppressed her anxiety and tried to console her best friend, “Let’s look for her, she must be somewhere nearby.”
	“We had gone round so many times but still can’t find her.” Jane started to panic and was increasingly fearful, “Doris is so obedient, she couldn’t have run away by herself. Did someone take her away…”
	Jane grabbed Rose’s hands in shock, “Rose, if Doris was to…”
	“Hush, it won’t happen, Doris is so smart.” Rose interrupted Jane, in fact, her heart was extremely worried.
	“Let make a police report. She is a kid and a person without capacity for civil conduct, I’m sure that the police would help.” Jane could only think of this option. They were not familiar with this place and they need all the help to look for Doris.
	“Looks like that’s the only option.” Rose was extremely worried about Doris.
	She was her only hope, she was her life!
	Rose and Jane took a taxi to the nearest Police Station to make a police report. But they had to show cause that the child may be in danger or the child could be assaulted before a case can be filed.
	But they didn’t have any evidence and it was not sufficient for them to just say so verbally.
	Rose was flabbergasted. The police asked them for a video or picture or a voice recording. They realized that the security cameras at the hotel might show some clues to her disappearance.
	They quickly returned to the hotel and informed the front desk and explained the situation to the manager who then agreed to let them view the security videos.
	They went with the time period of the disappearance to search for the video. But because the location of Doris to the nearest camera was a distance away, they could only make out a tall man carrying her away.
	At this moment, Rose’s breathing practically stopped. She felt her heart gripped tightly by a vice. She couldn’t control her tears and her nose ran.
	Jane was equally horrified and lifted her hand to wipe the tears.
	They downloaded the video and went back to the Police Station to make a report.
	“Officers, when can we find her?” Rose and Jane filled in all the forms and asked anxiously.
	“Don’t worry, the time from disappearance is not too long. There is a good chance that we will be able to find her. We will work quickly.” The officers assured them. “Why don’t you go back to the hotel to rest and we will inform you when we have any news.”
	Rose and Jane looked at each other, “We can’t rest even if we go back, we’ll wait here.”
	“When the kid is found she will need you to care for her. Now you should take care of yourselves.” The police officer said.
	Rose and Jane agreed. They can’t collapse in fatigue, otherwise who will take care of Doris.
	They returned to the hotel thereafter. Jane looked at Rose and felt extremely guilty about the situation. “Rose, I’m truly sorry.”
	“Jane, I should be the one apologizing. I’m not a good mother and didn’t carry out my duty as a mother. I kept asking you to look after Doris, I’m sorry…”
	The usually strong Rose started to tear and Jane couldn’t resist and hug Rose. Both of them started to cry inconsolably.
Chapter 45 She is the Child's Biological Mother
	"Rose, it's all my fault; you can hit and swear at me all you want. You trusted me to take care of Doris, but I didn't, it's my fault!" Jane said as she bawled; the more she thought, the more guilt she felt. She raised her hand, ready to slap herself in the face.
	Rose grabbed her hand, her eyes clouded by tears, "What are you doing!"
	"You’re not the only one to blame for losing Doris; I am her mother, so my fault is greater. Besides, now is not the time for blame. We must find Doris as soon as possible."
	"OK, let's go out and check again." Jane wiped away the tears on her face and helped Rose to get up.
	The two walked out of the hotel room to try their luck again.
	As long as there was a glimmer of hope, they would not give up, even if they had to walk until their feet wore out.
	Meanwhile, in the hospital, Bright and Doris had no clue that Rose and Jane were ready to turn the world upside down in search of Doris.
	"Doctor, how is she?" Bright brought Doris to City J Women and Children's Hospital.
	The doctor took off his mask and said, "It's just allergies, but luckily, she got here in time; it’s nothing serious. You can go home after the IV drip."
	"Thank you, doctor." It felt like a huge burden was lifted from Bright's shoulders.
	A nurse escorted Doris out of the emergency room and moved her to a ward. Bright went along, his gaze fixed on Doris in fear that she would disappear the next second.
	Doris raised her eyes and saw Bright's worried look, grinned at him in hopes to remove his worries.
	Inside the ward, Bright carefully placed Doris on the hospital bed. The nurse hung the drip bag on the rack in the room.
	"How are you feeling? Any discomforts? Let me know." Bright carefully covered a blanket over Doris.
	"I'm pretty good," Doris also blamed herself, "Sorry for making you worried."
	"Nothing else matters, as long as you are okay." Bright reached out and stroked the bangs on her forehead, speaking softly like a father.
	"Then stop blaming yourself and stop worrying." Doris said playfully as she took his hand.
	As she looked at the pair acting lovingly, the nursed was touched and said, “You father-daughter pair must have a great relationship.”
	Bright and Doris looked at each other, but neither corrected the nurse.
	After the nurse left, Bright sat beside the bed and helped her tuck in the blanket as he asked, "Want to drink water?"
	Doris shook her head.
	Bright asked again: "OK, then, do you want to hear a story?"
	"Okay." Doris agreed, so that they could kill some time.
	Bright took out his phone to find a story, but suddenly there was a call from Rose.
	He motioned Doris not to speak, then answered the phone, "It’s Bright."
	"Mr. Lee, can you do me a favor?" Rose's voice sounded bad at that end.
	"What's the matter? Is something wrong?" Bright felt Rose was holding back tears.
	"Doris, the little girl you saw in City Y who called you handsome uncle, was kidnapped by a man. Can you help me find him?" Rose was blinded by worry; with Bright's social status in City J, it could be said that he could get anything done.
	She should have thought of asking for his help long ago, but she wasted too much time worrying in vain.
	"Doris was taken by a stranger?" Bright lowered his eyes onto Doris, who laid on the hospital bed.
	"Yes, can you help me find her, please..." Rose was about to collapse; every passing minute and second felt like torture for a mother.
	"Doris is--" Before Bright finished, a knock on the ward’s door interrupted him.
	He looked up and saw a uniformed police officer.
	"Wait for a few minutes, I'll call you back." Bright ended Rose's call first, then looked at the policeman who entered, "Is something wrong?"
	The policeman asked with a serious face, "Mr. Bright?"
	"Yes, what do you want?" Bright had questions of his own, but he remained calm.
	"We suspect that you are related to a missing child’s case, please follow us back to the police station." The policeman made a polite gesture.
	In their eyes, Bright was a celebrity in City J; how could he possibly abduct children? But they still had to follow the rules.
	"Officer, is there some mistake? A missing child’s case?" Bright stepped back, "I was with this child in the hospital this whole time."
	"Yeah, Mr. Officer, I can prove that he’s been with me this whole time, he’s not the bad guy you’re looking for." Doris's eyes were bright and full of innocence.
	The policeman looked at Doris on the bed, and his eyes slightly widened. Then he took out a photo from his pocket to compare it with Doris, "It's you."
	"What, me?" Doris asked in surprise.
	"The missing child is you. Doris Linder, five years old..."
	"That’s right, but I’m not missing, I've been together with my uncle." Doris looked baffled, how could she be related to the missing child’s case.
	"The people filing this case are named Rose and Jane, do you know them?" The officer asked her.
	"Yes, that’s my mom and her friend." Doris nodded.
	“Child, let me confirm, Mr. Lee didn't threaten you or hold you hostage?" The officer said again, "The police are here, so you have to answer seriously."
	"No, Mr. Lee’s been very good to me; he took me around to eat, play, and took care of me in the hospital." Doris said as she laughed.
	"Alright, we informed your mother that you’re here." The officer said after he jotted down some notes, "Seems this was a misunderstanding. In the future, no matter where you are, you must tell your mother or relatives, so that they won’t worry."
	"Yes."
	The police remained until Rose and Jane arrived at the hospital.
	"Doris-" Rose blazed by like the wind to Doris’s bedside and hugged her, "What's happened to you?"
	"I'm okay." Doris comforted her mother.
	"I didn't know she was allergic to shrimp, so... I'm sorry." Bright took the initiative to explain.
	Rose turned her head to Bright and stood up, her teary face full of anger, "What's the matter with you? You took Doris away without saying anything, and gave her shrimp to eat? Did you know how worried I was that she was kidnapped? How could you do this..."
	Rose began to bawl aloud, like a fragile flower battered by the harsh winds.
	"Sorry--"
	"It's my fault, I went to go play and didn’t tell you."
	"I'll teach you a lesson later!" For the first time, Rose threw a big temper at Doris.
	"Doris’s mother, the most important thing is that the child is okay, treat her with care." The police persuaded Rose.
	Bright's eyes narrowed slightly, and asked, "Are you Doris's biological mother?"
Chapter 46 He could well be the Child’s Doting Servant
	Bright's expression was cold and solemn, his eyes like a dark abyss; his gaze was like countless silk threads bound on Rose, which made her feel as if she couldn't breathe.
	Even Jane, who was on the side, did not dare to move.
	"Officers, thank you." Rose did not dare to answer his question directly and quickly changed the subject.
	"It's fine, as long as the child is okay." The officer smiled lightly.
	"Wait..."
	"Is there something else, Miss Linder?" The officer asked.
	Rose couldn't think of anything for a while, then she said, "Since this was just a misunderstanding, do I still need to go to the police station for any procedures?"
	"No need." The officer said and left.
	"They’re gone, no need to keep looking." Bright said as Rose still longingly gazed at the police’s backs.
	Rose felt frozen in place by Bright's cold stare.
	"Good, then I'll check on Doris." Rose evaded.
	As soon as she turned around, Bright grabbed her wrist, "Answer my question."
	"I..." Rose struggled. She didn't want Bright to know that Doris was her daughter, and she especially didn't want him to find out that Doris was also his daughter.
	"Mr. Lee, I want to drink milk now, can you buy it for me?" At the moment of Rose’s need, a soft voice chimed in with a request; it was so sweet that no one could refuse.
	Bright especially couldn’t refuse Doris; he looked at her cute little face and said, "Right away."
	"Thank you; my mom and aunt must be thirsty too; could you buy some water? And I want to eat fruits; apples, bananas, strawberries..." Doris escalated her demands.
	After she finished listing her requests, she pointed her index fingers on her cheek and smiled at Bright.
	Even Bright knew that Doris was doing this to drive him away from questioning Rose, but he still couldn’t bear to refuse, "Okay."
	Bright’s stare set on Rose again, as he said with a serious tone, "Stay until I return; if you dare to run away...I’ll still find you at the end of the day."
	These were not threats nor intimidation, but the truth.
	Rose felt tiny in front of Bright.
	"Did you hear me?" Seeing that she didn't respond, he asked again.
	Rose could only nod, and Bright let go of her hand, his sharp eyes still frightened her.
	Since he felt that Rose would comply, Bright turned and left.
	Such a dignified president now became an errand boy for a five-year-old child; if word got out, everyone would either call Bright a laughingstock or be envious of Doris.
	After confirming Bright had really left, Rose and Jane breathed a sigh of relief.
	"That was scary." Jane exhaled and patted her chest with her hands; that sharp gaze could make people fall down in minutes.
	"There are scarier parts you don’t know about." Rose patted Jane's shoulder to comfort her.
	Jane turned her face to Rose and narrowed her eyes, "Oh, like what parts?"
	Rose was stunned for a moment, and then saw a sly look in Jane's eyes.
	She stretched out her hand and pushed Jane's forehead with her index finger, "What are you thinking about, you pervert!"
	"You two had a baby after just doing it once; he must be pretty good in that area." Jane lowered her voice down so that only they could hear.
	"Stop speaking nonsense, my daughter’s right there." Rose became flushed with shyness.
	"She can't hear us." Jane assured.
	"I don't want to talk to you." She bypassed Jane and walked over to Doris.
	As she met Rose's gaze, Doris obediently said, "Mom, I was wrong."
	"Do you know how worried we were? What if you were really taken away by a bad guy?" Rose said lovingly and with authority, "Do you know? I don’t want to lose you."
	Doris nodded heavily, "I know, just like I can't lose my mother."
	Rose smiled and stretched out to hold Doris’s hands, whose big eyes were full of guilt, which made her mother sad.
	"I'll go back and write a letter of repent."
	"You better."
	This was the rule between the mother-daughter pair; if they made a mistake, they must write a letter of repentance.
	"You better think about what to say when he gets back," Jane stepped forward, "I don't think he will give up until he gets an answer. Rose, what are you going to do?"
	Rose was silent; she didn't know what to do.
	How did things end like this?
	"I have an idea." Doris's eyes lit up.
	"Then I'll leave it to you." Jane gave her a thumbs up, "I never expected that the dignified and powerful Mr. Lee would listen to Doris so obediently. So..."
	"Mr. Lee sure has the potential to be a servant for his daughter." Jane whispered closely into Rose's ear.
	After a while, Bright returned with two big bags filled with fruits, water and milk.
	"What do you want to eat? I will give it to you." Bright asked while putting down the bags.
	"I want to drink milk."
	Bright took out a carton of milk, put a straw in, and handed it to Doris, like a loving father who devoted his undivided attention onto his daughter.
	No, he was a loving father.
	"Drink slowly, there’s still more."
	After she drank all the milk, Doris wanted to eat strawberries; Bright didn't even have time to question Rose.
	Faced with Doris’s demands, Bright was not impatient at all; in fact, he enjoyed it.
	Rose watched Bright's stern face soften over Doris, and her eyes filled with pain.
	It was clear that Bright truly cared for Doris. Maybe it was due to the bond in their blood that made them meet.
	"Okay, rest and eat later, or you’ll overstuff yourself." Although Bright doted on Doris, he did not spoil her to no end.
	"The drip is over, I’m sleepy and want to go back." Doris took a glance at the drip and yawned at the right time.
	Rose called for a nurse to pull out the needle.
	"Take it easy, don't mess up." Bright reminded the nurse before she pulled out the needle.
	"I'm not afraid of pain." Doris said bravely.
	With Bright present, the nurse didn’t dare to make the slightest mistake, and she became more cautious.
	Then Bright picked up Doris, "Let's go, I’ll take you back to the hotel."
	Bright drove as Rose and Jane sat in the back seat. In the cramped space, coupled with Bright’s dominating presence, no one dared to talk much; only Doris was at ease.
	When they arrived at the hotel, Bright sent the three of them to the hotel room.
	"Thank you, Mr. Bright, we ladies are going to rest now." Doris did not give Bright the opportunity to question Rose.
	Bright waved at Doris, then turned to Rose, and the smile in his eyes were gradually replaced by coldness.
	The look in his eyes seemed to say to her: You can run, but you can’t hide.
Chapter 47 The Taste Of Love
	Bright Lee left the Four Seasons Hotel and drove all the way back to Ginkgo Villa.
	Peter stood at the door of the villa, waiting for his return with a smile, "Mr. Lee, welcome back."
	"Yep." Bright Lee went into the house to change his shoes and took off the coat of his suit.
	Peter took the suit over and followed Lee into the living room.
	Hearing the sound, Megan came out of the kitchen, "Mr. Lee, I cooked some red date and lotus soup with some tremella in it, which is still warm in the kitchen, do you want one? I will get it for you."
	"I’m fine, you guys should go and have a rest. In the future, if it's too late, just don’t wait up!" Bright Lee walked to the stairs while untying his tie.
	Bright Lee got upstairs and went into his bedroom, he took off his clothes and showed the perfect body figure due to his self-discipline and long-last exercise. The tight eight abdominal muscles were so sexy that they could even make people nosebleed.
	He went into the bathroom and took a bath comfortably.
	About ten minutes later, he came out wearing a silk robe with the colour of classical gray and wiped his hair with a white towel.
	He sat on the sofa and turned on the computer on the coffee table.
	He put down the towel, with his fingers fast moving on the keyboard, he entered "Burning boys" in the searching engine of the website, which came out the result that it was the young idol group organized by XF Entertainment Company, so far this group consisted of 3 people, which is Austin Simpson, Marcus Baxter and Dougie Gallagher. On June 6, 2016, they officially started their career and issued their first EP《Dream of stars》 ...Now they are the most popular idol group.
	Moreover, the youngest member Dougie Gallagher, is only 13 years old now, while Austin Simpson and Marcus Baxter are 14 years old.
	Becoming the national idol at such a young age, that’s quite amazing!
	"Dougie is my favorite..."
	Doris’ childish words of innocence appeared in Bright Lee's ears.
	He clicked open the pictures of those three and found Dougie Gallagher in it, the 13-year-old boy was wearing a white shirt, the facial features of his were full of juvenile’s handsomeness, but somehow he was still very immature.
	Apparently they are still children, however they are attractive enough to turn a bunch of grannies, mothers and sisters into their fans, and the childish fans like Doris.
	Bright Lee picked up the cell phone on the table and made a call to Bill Newman.
	After three rings, Bill Newman picked it up, with a trace of drowsiness in his voice, "Mr. Lee, it's already so late. What can I do for you?"
	"Why did it take so long?" Bright Lee was a little unhappy about that.
	"Mr. Lee, I'm kind of enjoying my sleep with my wife. The call you made was really..." Bill Newman was whining pitifully. Being disturbed while the couple enjoying the sweet dreams made him want to curse.
	“……” Bright Lee was irritated by his affection of love, "Well, I think maybe Africa is more suitable for you."
	"Come on, Mr. Lee, that’s really uncalled for, if you have something to say, just say it." Bill Newman felt even more pitiful, he changed the topic as quickly as he can.
	The biggest wish of Bill Newman right now was Bright Lee ---the chief executive of the company would find a wife to end his single life quickly, so he can get to feel exactly how he feels right now.
	"I heard that the Burning boys will have a concert in City J tomorrow night. Help me find out what products or activities under ours group that suits their images, I want to sign them up to advertise for our company. And no matter what it takes, I want to see them in my office by 12 a.m. tomorrow. Make that happen or don’t bother come to see me." Bright Lee's eyes were fixed on a group photo of three people. It’s Dougie Gallagher he was staring at.
	"Seriously, Mr. Lee, in such a hurry?" Bill Newman was confused. The big boss of the company is actually a fan of an idol group now? And a fan of teenage stars?
	"Cut the shit and stop wasting time! You’ve got 13 hours." Lee said harshly.
	"Sure," he said.
	"And help me to have a check on Rose Linder. Her interpersonal relationship in City Y, see if there’s anyone close to her." whatever Bright Lee wants to know, he will always find that out.
	"Miss Rose?" Bill Newman rolled his eyes and smiled secretly, "OK, consider it done."
	This was the first time, oh no, the second time that their CEO had taken the initiative to investigate a woman.
	The last time there was a woman who set him up five years ago, however at this time, it should be the president who was falling in love with someone. He has already smelled the taste of romance.
	Bright Lee hung up the phone, and answered the e-mail, after that he went to bed to sleep.
	In the morning, he still got up early and went jogging as usual, then after taking shower and changing clothes, he finished his breakfast and then drove to HY Group.
	Bright Lee kept being busy until midday, then Bill Newman knocked at the door of his office. After got permission, he went in and reported, "Mr. Lee, Burning boys arrived."
	Bill Newman raised his eyebrows a little, with the pride in those eyes, he seemed to wait for Bright Lee to praise him.
	"Show them the way to my dining room, I'll be there in a moment." Bright Lee didn't even raise his head, just waved to Bill Newman.
	Bill Newman took the order and left, while Bright picked up his phone to call Rose Linder.
	On another side of the phone, Rose Linder saw that it’s Bright Lee’s number on the screen, all of sudden she’s about to freak out.
	Both Jane and Doris were staring at her.
	Rose Linder struggled for quite a while before she picked up the phone, and she chose her word very carefully, "Mr. Lee, we are still revising the drawings, once we done with that we will send it to your e-mail immediately."
	"Rose Linder, my driver was already on his way to the Four Seasons Hotel, take Doris and her Mom to come with you." Bright Lee's tone was non-negotiable.
	"Why Doris has to go to your company?" Rose Linder took a deep breath.
	"There’s something we need to discuss in person, and I have a surprise for you." Bright Lee stood up from his swivel chair and cleaned up the table, "I have got something to do here, see you later."
	He put his phone away and put his suit on, then stepped out of the office.
	In the personal exclusive dining room of his, he even invited the international chefs to cook for them.
	Once Bright Lee arrived, Burning boys and his agent all stood up.
	They shook hands and greeted each other, then Bright Lee greeted them to sit down.
	"The reason why I invited you guys here while you’re so busy, is because there’s a chance of cooperation for us. We want Burning Boys to advertise for our company." Bright Lee sat comfortably with his long legs crossed. "This is a document you should have a look at. However, I am sincerely looking forward to working with you guys. The advertisement fee of those will be considerable."
	"It's quite an honor to cooperate with HY Group and have the chance to even meet Mr. Lee. But today we’re really busy, we have to prepare for the performance. I want to take our time to read the contract when we’re home, then we will get back to you, how about that?" The agent knew exactly what to say, while having all the smile on his face that he couldn’t hide.
	There are so many famous stars who are trying to cooperate with HY Group, but somehow it’s Burning Boys who had such a fortune, what an unexpected surprise.
	And for Burning boys, it could increase their popularity and help them to get to the next level of their career.
	"Sounds good." Bright Lee nodded and ordered people to serve the agent and Burning boys some red wine and juices.
	Bill Newman went down to pick Rose Linder, Jane and Doris up, at the moment when they saw Burning boys sitting there in the dining room, they were all shocked.
	She even stared at Burning Boys with her mouth wide open, afraid that they would disappear while blinking.
	Until then Bright Lee got up and held Doris's hand, "wipe your mouth."
	Doris finally came to her sense, she jumped into Bright Lee's arms, raised his head and asked him, "is this really happening?"
	Bright Lee Held Doris up and gently pinched her tender face, "how would you thank me for this?"
	Doris hugged Lee’s neck intimately, and kissed him twice on the face, she whispered in his ear, "my handsome uncle, this is my first kiss. I plan to save it for Dougie Gallagher."
Chapter 48 What Are You Afraid Of
	Hearing those words, Bright Lee twisted his eyebrows, really？It’s her first kiss?
	"Thank you, handsome uncle. I love you so much." Doris reclined her head acting like a smart kid, cute as hell.
	Looking at Rose Linder and Jane who were still standing at the door, Bright Lee said, "come on in and have a sit."
	Bright Lee came to the long table with Doris in his arms, he put the Doris on the second chair on the left side, which right opposite to where Dougie Gallagher’s sitting.
	Meanwhile Rose Linder and Jane sat on both sides of Doris
	"Mr. Lee, is she your daughter? What a beautiful little princess she is." Asked Mr. Liu, the agent of Burning boys.
	Instead of denying, Bright Lee started to introduce everyone, "Allow me to introduce, this is -"
	However Doris interrupted him, "Uncle, can I introduce myself?"
	Bright Lee sat in the master's position and made a gesture of "go ahead" to Doris, "please."
	Doris slipped down from the chair and quickly sorted out her white princess skirt, and until straightening out the two ponytails of her hair, she slowly walked to Burning boys.
	She reached out to hold her skirt by both sides, straightened the left leg and bent the right knee, saluted them like an elegant princess.
	"Brother Simpson, brother Baxter, Dougie, hello, I'm Doris Linder, I'm five years old. You have no idea how much I love you guys. I'll come to the concert tonight to support you!"
	"Hello, Doris. I'm Austin Simpson."
	"Hello, Doris. I’m Marcus Baxter."
	"Hello, Doris. I'm Dougie Gallagher."
	Each of them shook their hands with Doris, as young as those boys, they still acted as quite gentlemen.
	"I want to take a picture with you guys, is that okay?" With those fingers crossing on her chest, the big eyes of hers were full of innocence so it seemed nobody could reject her request.
	"All right."
	"Here, I'll take picture for you guys." Bright Lee got up and took over the Polaroid camera which Bill Newman had already prepared for him.
	Doris and Burning boys took pictures together, and she also took pictures with each of them. Of course, most of the pictures she took were with Dougie Gallagher.
	In the picture Doris was so happy, the smile on her face was even brighter than the flower of sunshine.
	And all members of Burning boys signed on those pictures.
	The chef also prepared lunch during this gap, each one of them has different styles.
	And nobody enjoy this meal better than Doris, with Dougie Gallagher by her side, she had such a good appetite.
	She really hoped that this moment would be frozen and last forever. Without anyone else in this world, just the two of them, looked at each other in the eyes, while smiling.
	And the quality times always pass very quickly. As the lunch was over, Burning boys will have to leave, ‘cause they have to prepare for the concert and showing the audience the best of them.
	For them today’s time was kind of waste, however if it was not Bright Lee's invitation, they probably wouldn’t show up easily, let alone fulfill Doris’s dream.
	Seeing that Dougie Gallagher was leaving, Doris was particularly reluctant, as a girl who always smile, she couldn’t even hold her tears.
	"Brother Gallagher, wait a minute, I have a favor to ask." Doris finally summoned up the courage and step forward, she called Dougie Gallagher who was about to step out of the glass door.
	"Anything I can do for you." Dougie Gallagher turned and squatted down.
	"Can I hug you?"
	"Of course." Dougie Gallagher gently opened his arms and softly hug Doris in his arms.
	"Brother Gallagher, I like Burning boys, but I like you even better, god I like you so much, I couldn’t help myself from loving you guys. Please remember me, I will grow up very soon, wait for me until I can be your friend, will you?”
	No, not only I want to be your friend, but also I want to be your bride.
	"Doris, I will never forget that." Dougie Gallagher released her, with all the sincerity in his eyes.
	"Then I'll give you this." After a while of searching, she could only find a hairpin with a red bow on it and put it in his hand. "Although this is not very precious, but please keep it with you."
	"I will." Dougie Gallagher put the hairpin in his bag, then took off his necklace and put it on Doris’s neck, ”this is my gift.”
	It’s a silver necklace, at the lower end of it there’s his name ---DG, two letters attached with each other ingeniously, looks very pretty.
	"This is the keepsake of ours. With this in our hands, even in the future we can still recognize each other." Doris clenched the pendant, from this moment on, her Dougie and her are bond to each other closely.
	"Will do."
	"Goodbye!"
	"Bye!"
	Bill Newman sent Burning boys and agent Liu away, while Doris watched them left, with all the sadness on her face.
	"What am I suppose to do? I think I love Dougie even more. He’s so nice and warm-hearted. "
	"Don't feel sad. You can still see them at the concert tonight, remember?" Bright Lee looked at Doris who was about to cry, his heart was almost broken. "And I have changed your seats into the best VIP positions, by the way, with those two extra tickets, we will all be there for you while you’re watching it, so when the moment comes, you will have your chance to send flowers to your Dougie."
	"Really?" Doris put away her tears at the very next second, acting like an anthomaniac, "Uncle handsome, you are not fooling me right? I can send flowers? "
	"Of course it's true, when did I ever lie to you?" Bright Lee reached out to pinch the tip of her nose, "don't you cry, it would make you ugly, in that case your idol Dougie won’t like you anymore."
	"My Dougie will never be that superficial." Doris kept touching the necklace, while feeling confident and proud.
	“……” Did she mean that he is superficial?
	Doris had already gone to watch her photos with her Dougie in it, from now on she finally had something to show off.
	"Miss Jane, why don’t you show Doris around, we have something to discuss right now." Bright Lee looked at Rose Linder as a hint that she should go with them.
	"Do your things, and don’t worry about us." Jane waved towards them.
	Only after Bright Lee, the man with his compelling aura left the office, she could finally relax.
	As soon as they got back to the president's office, Bright Lee sat right into the black leather sofa to relax, while Rose Linder came forward and said to him, "thank you for everything today."
	"I meant to make Doris happy. It's not about you, so instead of you, it should be Doris who come to thank me.” Crossing his legs on the chair, Bright Lee stared at her with a fierce look, "or should I ask, in what name that you think you can come to thank me on behalf of her?”
	Rose Linder felt the exact aggressiveness in Bright Lee's tone, to which she couldn’t even resist.
	It’s so warm and kind of him just then, somehow in the next minute he turned so ferocious?
	To which she said nothing and slightly closed her eyelashes. Seeing her being so quiet, Bright Lee was a little displeased, the gloomy eyes of his turned even darker.
	Gently pulling the tie on his neck, he breathed out lightly, "Rose Linder, is there anything you want to tell me?"
	"I had brought the drawings, how about you take a look first, and if you find something you don’t like, I'll revise them, or --" said Rose Linder.
	"That’s enough!" Bright Lee was so angry that he directly stopped her, there is a coldness in his eyes, “Rose Linder, you are the biological mother of Doris, why don’t you have the guts to admit it? What are you afraid of? "
Chapter 49 Who is Her Father
	Facing Bright's question, Rose was silent but lowered her eyelashes.
	"Look up at me and tell me what you're afraid of?" A trace of irritation rose in Bright's heart because she kept silent about the question like an ostrich.
	Rose raised her eyes slightly, then looked at him guiltily.
	His eyes were deep and dark, and there seemed to be a strong appeal that sucked her in, which was fathomless and made her feel at a loss.
	Rose remained in silence, so did Bright.
	The two stared at each other like this, as if they were measuring their fixity.
	Bright raised his fingers to pinch eyebrows. As soon as Bill came this morning, he submitted the information about Rose to Bright.
	It clearly stated that Rose came to City Y with a baby five years ago, who's now growing up, Doris. Obviously, Rose's biological mother of the little girl.
	Jane, however, is a teacher of Doris in kindergarten and a friend of Rose. The two have maintained their friendship all the way.
	Jane often assisted Rose to take after Doris which reduced a lot of pressure on Rose.
	"Still don’t want to tell me?" Bright closed his eyes and sounded disappointed and exhausted, "Is it difficult for you to tell the truth? Or you have never told me a truth since the beginning! "
	Rose pressed her lips tightly, without a word.
	"Do you think you could deceive yourself and others forever if it's kept in secret?" Bright opened his eyes again, deeper and darker, "The lie will be revealed once I order someone to investigate you in City Y. Is it funny for you to tell a cock-and-bull story?"
	"Are you investigating me?" Rose finally brought herself back, with her eyes opened wide, shocked, angry, and somehow relieved.
	It's within her expectation that Bright would take this step.
	The secret she wanted to keep was actually vulnerable in front of him. But Rose was really deceiving herself and others, even enjoying it. She even thought that Bright would never know who Doris was unless she finally told it.
	At the moment, Rose wanted to burst out laughing, for she herself was completely a joke.
	"I know you don't want this but I have to." Bright was generously frank without concealing anything.
	"What makes you do this?" Rose was irritated after hearing such an answer, then she was like a hedgehog covered with thorns and pores all over her body were on guard, "No matter who she is, or who she belongs to, it's totally none of your businesses. who do you think you are?"
	Rose's attacking words indeed stabbed Bright, making him speechless to that.
	Yeah, who is he?
	Yeah, both Rose and Doris have nothing to do with him!
	"It's indeed none of my business." Bright said indifferently, with thin lips curled up, "Then, who is Miss Linder related to?"
	"Doris is my daughter, and it is naturally related to me." said Rose in a cold voice.
	"Can you give birth to a child alone?" Bright snorted coldly, as if pointing that she was really something.
	"It has nothing to do with you." She turned away slightly, "Can you stop this ever?"
	"Who is Doris's father?" asked Bright.
	All of a sudden, a strong headache hit Rose when she was asked by him.
	Biting lip with teeth, Rose reacted to be stubborn and unconvinced. In fact, however, her heart had already begun to collapse.
	Did he know something? What on earth drew him to ask about Doris's biological father?
	"Doris doesn't have a father." panic flashed across Rose's eyes.
	It was really difficult for her to deny the fact face to face, cause Bright was Doris's biological father.
	But in any case, Rose wouldn't tell him the truth. Otherwise it will be revealed that she once set him up five years ago. What's worse, she gave birth to Doris and then save another man without telling him. She's afraid he would hate her so badly for what she did.
	In addition, Bright liked Doris a lot so that he would take her from Rose without hesitation once he knew the truth. If it really happened, Rose had no idea how she fights against Bright!
	"Yeah, her dad has become the biggest shining star in the sky guarding her and her mom." said Bright in a cold and calm tone.
	How did he know that? From Doris?
	"Is there any problem with this?" She asked him back, trying her best to calm herself down and not show any clues to Bright.
	"You have never been married to anyone." Bright pointed out directly to reveal her lies.
	Except that Rose married Bright before. However, both of them have not met over the past three years because of hidden marriage, let alone an opportunity for them to give birth to children.
	"The law doesn't stipulate that I cannot gave birth to a child without getting married." said Rose.
	"The girl's father has not become a star at all, but someone else's husband?" Bright got up from the sofa, standing tall and straight.
	He stepped forward approaching Rose while she could only step back under the pressure from him...until she reached the edge of his desk, there was no way to step back.
	At the time She wanted to run away, Bright put both hands on the edge of the desk, trapping her between him and the desk.
	His charming with masculinity swallowed Rose, who was already messed up to be a lot more distraught.
	"Both you and Sky Tanner have been in love with each other since childhood, but he married your sister, Sophie Linder...that's why you left City H and move to City Y." it's only Bright's speculation.
	He remembered that night Rose sent him back to Ginkgo Villa, her friend happened to mention "Piss off the scum Tanner!"
	With the addition of the day they met Sky Tanner in the elevator, when he picked up Rose in the Four Seasons Hotel. It's normal for friends to greet but there's a quite strange atmosphere between Rose and Tanner.
	Besides, they should be closer for their relationship as sister and brother-in-law, but it's like they didn't want to see each other at all.
	With these messages, Bright felt that Sky Tanner had something to do with it.
	"There are some things Mr. Bright should let go. I said it's nothing to do with you." replied Rose ambiguously.
	Rose wouldn't draw him back to the truth since Bright positioned Sky Tanner as Doris's biological father. It might be better that he stopped digging deeper in search of somehow an answer.
	It's a fact that she broke with Sky Tanner after giving birth which became a scandal, but people had a short memory after all. Time flies, few people have remembered that and Rose herself clearly over the past five years.
	Concerning the family shame, both the Linder family and the Tanner Family dealt with the matter in a quick response. It would remain a secret as long as nobody didn't go into it.
	"So do I." Bright finally acquiesced to accept Rose's answer.
	He retracted his arm and drew himself back to free Rose.
	"Miss Linder, just help yourself."
	"Thank you, Mr. Bright." Rose was relieved to breathe after that.
	She turned and left without looking back.
	That's it, the entanglement between them ended from now on, but why was there a slight astringent from the bottom of her heart?
Chapter 50 A Caring Man is not Bad
	Rose and Jane took Doris back to the hotel. Later on, Doris was watching "Peppa Pig" in the living room.
	Rose began to pack her things while Jane sat on the edge of the bed watching her fold her clothes. But it turned out Rose couldn't fold a piece of clothing in order.
	In the end, Rose messed up the clothing and almost threw it into luggage. At that time, Jane grabbed the clothes in her hand and folded it for her.
	Rose continued to pack up others, she seemed to be in a bad mood without saying anything.
	"What's wrong with you? What did Mr. Bright say with such impacts on you?" In Jane's opinion before, Rose had always restrained her emotions.
	Only once she panicked and collapsed when Doris fell ill at the age of one or two while Rose had no money and a friend by her side.
	Rose tried hard to pull herself together and finally contacted Jane only for her sick daughter Doris.
	So when Jane rushed to the hospital then saw Rose, who was like a corpse. Jane scolded her, and then stayed by her side to get through the most difficult time.
	"He... didn't say anything." Rose started but broke off.
	"How would you be so abnormal for nothing?" Jane glared at Rose tightly. 'Cause Jane only believed what she saw.
	"..." Rose looked back at Jane's eyes full of questions. Was it obvious from her behavior?
	"Doris is not here, so don't keep everything inside." Jane handed folded clothes to her, "just tell me about it."
	After Rose put clothes in the luggage, she briefly explained the matter to Jane when sitting down by the bed.
	"He thought Doris's your daughter with Sky Tanner?" said Jane in a surprise, "Why did you he get the scum involved?"
	"That's fine. Once he gets the answer, he won't pursue the truth anymore." Rose thought it's pretty good. But there's definitely something wrong.
	"In that case, let's be it. I am really concerned the more you two entangle, the easier it is to lead to problems. I know he likes Doris and treats her as his own daughter. Maybe it's called blood attraction between the family which will never fade away." said Jane, then thought silently for a while, "I can't never imagined that the cold and ruthless Bright would show such a tenderness... I'm afraid I was wrong……"
	"What is it?" asked Rose.
	"Maybe you can actually try to be with Mr. Bright if you want to give Doris a family." Jane was shaken, "A man who can be so caring for children should be not bad."
	"You change your side?" Rose chuckled, "You used to worry about it a lot before."
	"But he really favors Doris. He can still have this kind of love without knowing that Doris is his daughter, so I'm afraid there's misunderstanding for him. " Jane began to review what she had thought about before. She used to believe in the surface description of Mr. Bright from others, but it's quite different between the rumors and what she saw by herself this time.
	What she saw was a gorgeous and warmhearted man who favored and spoiled his daughter.
	What's more, he's so charming that even Jane was attracted by him.
	"Don't be boy-crazy." Rose pushed Jane's shoulder slightly, "I don't wanna take a risk. All I want is simply a peaceful life with Doris only."
	Jane stopped saying for she knew Rose had been hurt once left with a deep wound on her heart.
	Doris was looking forward to the Burning boys’s concert, though it would start at 19 o'clock.
	Both Rose and Jane took Doris to walk around for a while first. Later they had some food at 17:30 then were about to the concert.
	When they were enjoying their dinner, Bright called in and Jane firstly recognized the name "Mr. Lee".
	"Don't wanna pick it up?" Jane saw Rose cutting the steak pretending she couldn't hear it, "Or I'll pick it up."
	"So do I." Doris interjected in after filling her mouth with a strawberry.
	Rose looked back at Jane and motioned to her to pick it up.
	Jane picked up the phone, cleared her throat, and then clicked the button, "Hello, Mr. Lee—"
	"Where is Rose? Make her answer the phone." As soon as Jane spoke, Bright knew she was not Rose.
	"She went to the bathroom. It's the same that you tell me anything you want." Jane lied when she glanced at Rose who was still having dinner indifferently.
	"Where are you now?" Bright did not insist anymore.
	"We are in a restaurant not far from the City J Sports Center, and we will enter the concert in a while." Jane touched Doris on her head who was sitting by her side.
	"Wait for me. 'Cause I promised Doris that I would take her to the concert today." Bright paused and added, "Send me the position on WeChat."
	"Okay." Jane had no choice but agreed.
	After hanging up the phone, Jane sent Bright position via Rose's WeChat, and returned the phone to her.
	Rose still had dinner with her head down without any mood swings.
	Jane felt that Rose was quiet as if she lost her soul.
	As soon as they finished, Bright arrived and paid for their orders.
	"Mr. Lee, did you have your dinner?" Jane was polite to greet him for Bright had paid for them.
	"Everything's okay for me." Bright ordered a bowl of fried rice with eggs, which may be the simplest dinner in his life.
	"Uncle Handsome, just slow down." Doris patted Bright's back tenderly, "And have some soup."
	Looking at considerate and adorable Doris, Bright curled his lips and took sips from the bottle.
	However, both Rose and Bright didn't look at each other straight from the beginning to the end which was really embarrassing and made the atmosphere colder than usual.
	Bright spent ten minutes finishing the fried rice with eggs. A few moments later, he handed a bunch of flowers from the car to Doris.
	Doris received the bouquet that it blocked her face, "Thank you, Uncle Handsome."
	The four left together towards the City J Sports Center across the road.
	Bright took Doris in his arms and treated her well as if nothing had happened before.
	They stepped into VIP channels for they were arranged in VIP positions.
	Bright and Rose sat on both sides of Doris, while Jane sat next to Rose.
	Sitting together like this, they looked like a family of three.
	At seven, the concert finally started.
	With the gorgeous stage, the dazzling lighting and the wonderful performance of Burning boys combined with the enthusiasm of the fans. The opening show pumped up everyone here full of excitement and screams.
	With a light board of words "Dougie Gallagher" on Doris's head, she also screamed hard, "Dougie, I love you——"
	Bright felt that his eardrum was about to be broken by the little girl, and he reached one of his hand to touch her hair.
	"Uncle Handsome, am I crazy?"
	"With so many people here, he definitely cannot hear you no matter how hard you scream. It's better to keep your energy for a while when you go to the stage to present flowers." Bright was really afraid that she would lose her voice, and she wouldn't call him in a bell-like and pleasant voice.
	"Yeah, you're right!" Nodding straight around, the words on the hairpin shook with her movement, "Save my energy."
	Pulling Bright's sleeves then, Doris asked him quietly, "Uncle Handsome, I have a question for you."
Chapter 51 She Liked Him
	What was the kid thinking?
	"You can ask me if you have some questions." Bright withdrew his sight from the stage.
	"Have you already known that my mother is Rose?" Doris was very clever.
	Today, after coming back from this handsome uncle, her mother was very abnormal as if she had been lovelorn.
	For example, if Dougie didn’t talk to her, ignored her, or even didn’t like her, Doris would be very sad.
	Bright thought for a moment, then nodded, "Yes. But I really want to criticize your mother. She not only lied on her own, but also asked you to lie, which is very wrong."
	Yep, Rose taught some bad things to her children, and made people around her help her to lie.
	Most importantly, she cheated on him.
	His tone was so solemn that Doris worryingly looked at him, "Uncle, will you ignore my mother?"
	"Doris, it is a thing between adults, and we’ll deal with it well. Just watch the concert and be happy." Bright didn’t answer the question directly. He chose to evade.
	Of course, he was angry that Rose had lied to him. And Doris was her and Sky’s child, which made him fail to calm down for a moment.
	Doris still wanted to speak for her mother, "I know it’s wrong for mom to lie, but she really didn’t mean to. She may have some reasons she can’t tell others."
	Did she have reasons to lie?
	What kind of reasons did she have? Why was she reluctant to admit her own daughter?
	Bright’s dim eyes were dyed blue by the stage lights, "Don’t be distracted, and take a good look at your Dougie. If he knows you are absent-minded, he will be unhappy."
	This sentence brought Doris’s attention back to the stage. She stared at the person she liked, with her eyes full of love and happiness.
	At the end of the two-hour concert, Doris could come to stage to send flowers, which was a chance Bright had won after communicating with the Burning Boys team.
	Bright took Doris to the stage and she ran straight to Dougie who was standing on the right.
	She gave Dougie the bunch of flowers in her arms. Dougie also recognized her and gave her a big hug with a smile, "Thank you."
	"Dougie, you’re wonderful. I love you!" Doris raised her hands and folded them on the top of her head to make a heart shape. She tilted her head slightly, looking so cute.
	Bright sent a bunch of flowers to Austin and Marcus respectively.
	Just like snow flying, the colorful gold paper was scattered on the top of the head, reflecting the gorgeous light.
	These five people took a photo together, and the concert finally ended successfully.
	Back at the hotel, Bright got out of the car. Doris stood in front of him and looked up at him, "Uncle, give me a hug."
	Bright squatted down and reached out to hug her. And she also embraced him, unwilling to say goodbye.
	"Uncle, when can I see you again?" Doris suddenly felt sad. She had been happy and satisfied, but why this separation from Bright made her feel so sad.
	"Doris, uncle is very busy. Don’t disturb him." Rose thought they would never see each other again.
	"Although I’m busy, I’ll meet you when I’m free. You must take good care of yourself." Bright’s fingers bent and rubbed the bridge of her nose.
	Maybe he didn't have much time to meet Doris in the future. But he would miss her, and he would remember that a lovely girl had appeared in his life.
	"Don’t lie to me." Doris’s eyes were shining like stars.
	"Doris, say goodbye to uncle. We’ll be late for the plane." Rose reminded her daughter.
	"Goodbye, uncle." Doris waved to Bright and couldn’t help hugging him again, "Uncle, mom is very unhappy today. I think she certainly likes you just as much as I like Dougie."
	Then Doris let go of her own hand and ran away. She took Rose’s hand and went into the hotel.
	Bright stood outside the hotel, looking at their back… She liked him?
	Then why she liked him while she cheated him.
	Bright turned to get in the car and left.
	At 11:00 p.m., the plane took off from City J and took more than two hours to get to City Y. And then it took some time to get home from the airport. It was already two or three o’clock in the morning when getting home.
	Doris had already fallen asleep on the plane, and Rose felt very sleepy. She had not slept so late for a long time.
	After washing, she went to bed quickly. Although she was very sleepy, she could not fall into a deep sleep for a long time because of other things in her mind.
	The next day, Rose returned to YM Group and attended the morning meeting of the design department. Because she didn’t sleep well last night, she was very uncomfortable.
	After the meeting finished, she made a cup of coffee and drank it quickly. Just after making the second cup of coffee, she received a call from Mylo.
	She hesitated for two seconds to pick it up. She kept her courtesy to the client and said with a smile, "Hello, Mr. Barker."
	"Miss Linder, I’m sorry about what happened last time. I apologize to you." Mylo, who had always been a rascal, changed his style now, making Rose uncomfortable. Then he added, "I have asked the finance department to pay the balance due."
	"Thank you, Mr. Barker." Rose responded politely.
	"Well. Then I won’t disturb your work. Goodbye." Mylo hung up in a hurry as if she were a virus.
	It was strange. Was she so terrible?
	Well, forget it. It was great to settle the balance.
	Rose put away her mobile phone and returned to her seat with coffee. Then, there was a message of the MSN on the computer, "Designer Linder, come to my office."
	What did William want to do?
	After taking a sip of coffee, she got up and went to William’s office. She knocked on the door, and William let Rose go in.
	She pushed the door in and went to William’s desk, "What can I do for you?"
	"I heard that you have applied for transfer to City H? You’ll leave here soon." William pointed to the chair in front of the desk and let Rose sit down.
	"Yes." Rose pulled out the chair and sat down. She was concerned about him, "You should take more rest. You don’t have to rush to work."
	"When did this happen? Why didn’t I know?" William frowned, his expression was very terrible.
	"Half a month ago, I met with CEO Dong directly." Rose remembered the time.
	"Why didn’t you tell me? And I’m afraid I’m the last one to know about it?" William felt that he didn’t seem to matter at all in Rose’s heart.
	She didn’t tell him about her application for transfer.
	"You were in the hospital at that time, and it really wasn’t an important thing." In Rose’s opinion, it was just a small matter. There was no need to make it known to everyone.
	"But in my opinion, it’s important. I don’t even know my wonderful designer has applied for transfer. If I don’t come back, you’ve been transferred." William’s eyes were full of disappointment.
	"I’ll tell you."
	"But it is not now, right?" William pursed his lips and restrained his emotion. Then he said slowly, "Can you stay?"
Chapter 52 I Miss You
	William looked at Rose, with his eyes full of expectation and hope. And he also swallowed nervously for fear of her refusal.
	With clear eyes, Rose looked at him, tried to ignore the expectation in his eyes, and said with a smile, "I’m sorry, I have to leave."
	Sure enough, she turned him down. William’s eyes became dim and dark, "Why do you have to leave? Isn’t it good to work here, is it? There are so many familiar colleagues, and I am also here...... Do you really want to leave?"
	He tried his best to persuade her to stay, because he wanted to see her every day.
	"Mr. Quinn, all good things will come to an end. Greetings and farewells are repeatedly recurring in our life. So this time, I will say goodbye to you." Rose was still a little reluctant to leave, but she really had to go. So she could only put this reluctance in her heart.
	"Besides, City H is not far from City Y. It takes only three hours to get there by plane. I will always welcome you in City H."
	"Rose, have you really decided?" William asked her again.
	He thought she must have been impulsive and wanted to leave without adequate consideration.
	"I’ve decided." Rose nodded heavily, "And my transfer application has passed. I will get the transfer letter from CEO Dong by tomorrow, and then I will leave for City H."
	"As long as you want to stay here, I will handle everything. So don’t be worried that your change of mind will make CEO Dong unhappy. And I promise that you won’t be blamed." William thought she was worried that she would be punished by CEO Dong for going back on her words, "Just believe me."
	"Mr. Quinn, I really appreciate your care, help and guidance over the years. If I hadn’t met you, I don’t think I would have succeeded like this. I will always remember your kindness. As long as you need me, I will go through fire and water for you." For Rose, William was a very important person in her life.
	"I don’t need you to go through fire and water for me. I just don’t want you to leave." William was excited at the beginning, but gradually he expressed his heartfelt wish calmly.
	Although his words were calm, his heaviness could still be felt.
	"I’m sorry." Rose’s eyes turned red and moist, so she could only avoid looking into his eyes and say sad words.
	William was silent. He failed to keep her.
	"It’s OK. You can go out to work," William said after taking a deep breath.
	"Well." Rose got up, bowed to William, and turned away.
	William looked at Rose’s back and couldn’t help calling her, "Rose..."
	"Is there anything else?" Rose turned around to ask William, her hand on the doorknob.
	"Shall we have a meal together when you leave?" He swallowed and bore all the bitterness and sorrow.
	"Well, I’ll treat you," Rose said with a smile.
	The moment the office door closed, William got up from his chair and paced impatiently. He was in a state of extreme agitation.
	It was so painful to lose a person.
	After work, Rose picked up Doris. And Jane was asked to return home by her parents.
	"Honey, we’re home." Rose put on her shoes, "You can go to the living room to have fun for a while, and mom is going to make dinner."
	"OK." Doris raised her right hand and made a gesture of obedience.
	Doris took out the paper and colored pen, thinking about what to draw. At this time, a picture flashed in her mind, "Mom, can you give me your mobile phone to check the picture?"
	"What are you looking for?" Rose asked her in her apron.
	"It is a secret." Doris took her cell phone and opened it, "You’ll know in a moment. Go and cook. I’m hungry."
	Doris opened the web page and input the words "wedding dress". After browsing some pictures, she started to draw on the paper.
	Suddenly, Doris had an idea. She took the mobile phone, opened the WeChat, and looked for something.
	"How could I be so stupid that I forgot to ask that uncle’s name," Doris looked at the picture marked Mr. Lee and said, "Mom and Jane both call him Mr. Lee. That’s right. "
	Doris typed "I miss you" in the message box and then sent it to Bright.
	Then she stared at the screen and laughed.
	A second passed…
	A minute passed…
	Five minutes passed…
	Why did he not reply? Did he not see the message because of work? But it was time for him to leave work.
	Again, Doris sent "I miss you" to Bright. However, until Doris finished the painting, Bright did not reply.
	"Doris, wash your hands and have dinner." Rose put the dishes on the table.
	"OK." Doris got up and ran to wash her hands.
	When Doris came back, Rose was looking at her painting, "What did you draw?"
	"When I grow up, I will marry my beloved Dougie, wearing beautiful wedding dress." Doris raised her eyebrows triumphantly. "I can’t help it if you want to be single all your life. We will be filial to you in the future."
	“……”
	Rose was startled.
	The mother and daughter sat on the chair. One bowl of rice for each of them, and two dishes would be enough for them.
	"Here are scrambled eggs with tomatoes that you like. And this is stewed beef with carrots. Eat more carrots and your eyes will be bigger and brighter." Rose gave Doris a piece of carrot, "You have to eat it up, and then you will be more beautiful."
	“……” Doris didn’t believe her, "I don’t like carrots..."
	"Does Dougie know you are so picky?" Rose picked up the carrot and chewed it slowly. It tasted delicious. "A good boy like Dougie is certainly not picky about food and certainly dislikes a picky girl..."
	“……” Doris put the carrot that her mother was about to take away back in her bowl, "I will eat it."
	Doris could eat carrots for her beloved Dougie.
	Seeing Doris eating the carrots, Rose smiled with satisfaction.
	Dougie was the weakness of Doris, and Doris could do everything for him.
	After dinner, Doris helped Rose clean up the table. After finishing, they went out for a walk.
	They went home to watch TV for a while, and Doris went to bed at 9 o'clock.
	Lying next to her mother, Doris held the panda doll. Rose was about to tell her a bedtime story.
	She chose some fables that were simple and easy to understand, "Today, I’m going to tell an idiom story called Wait for Windfalls…... From then on, he stayed by the tree all day, hoping to wait for a rabbit killed by accident. However, for many days, the miracle had never happened again. On the contrary, because he did not deal with the affairs of the farmland, the field was full of weeds and became more and more barren day by day."
	Doris soon fell asleep. Rose walked out of Doris’s room, went back to her own room and began to wash and rest.
	At this time, the doorbell rang.
	Rose took a towel to wipe the water stains on her face. At this time, who would come?
Chapter 53 He Suddenly Appeared
	Rose went and looked through the peephole. Why did he come?
	“Rose, are you here? I’m looking for you.” With no answer from Rose, the person outside knocked on the door several times.
	“I’m here.” Rose opened the door and standing at the door was William, “why are you here?”
	“I need to talk to you.” William went through countless internal conflicts and struggles before mustering sufficient courage to look for her, “May I come in?”
	“Come in.” Rose backed off for William to enter and she closed the door behind him. “Mr. Quinn, I’m sorry that I don’t have slippers that suit you, I hope you don’t mind.”
	“No worries, I’ll use shoe covers.” William saw some disposable shoe covers and put them on.
	After he put on the shoe covers, William walked to the living room. Rose said, “Please have a seat. What would you like? Water, juice, or coffee?”
	“Water will do.” William sat on the soft sofa.
	Rose went to get the glass of water. He looked around. It was a simple two-room apartment. Though it isn’t big, it was very warm and cozy. She had a lot of succulent plants and soft toys which were mainly animals.
	On the wall were pictures of Rose and Doris, who were smiling from ear to ear.
	William’s heart warmed up when he saw their smiles.
	Rose poured two glasses of water and placed one in front of William, “Is there any urgent matters that brought you here at this hour?”
	William was not a brash person. His personality was good and very capable, that’s why everybody was impressed by him.
	“Rose, I just can’t accept this.” William was a little embarrassed, “I can’t understand why things can get to the extent that you are willing to give up everything here and leave.”
	“I’m from City H and all my relatives are over there. My grandmother is already very old and wishes for my presence. What’s even more important is there are some issues that require me to attend to.” Rose looked very stern and serious.
	“Are you in some form of trouble? I can help you.” William thought that she was in trouble and looked worried.
	“No, it’s not any trouble. It’s just that these can’t be done by anyone other than me.” Rose rejected him, “thanks for your offer.”
	“What’s there to thank, I have not done anything.” William shook his head and suddenly felt the distance between him and Rose, “Rose, don’t be too hard on yourself.”
	“I know.” Rose was touched but couldn’t repay him, “You too, you need to take care of yourself after I leave.”
	William nodded, at that moment the two became sullen and the mood became tense.
	William got up, “I’m sorry to disturb you, have a good rest.”
	“I’ll see you out.” Rose placed her glass down and walked William to the door.
	William went out the door and turned around, and looked deeply at Rose with his pair of jet-black eyes.
	The moment was tender and melancholy, enough for anyone to tear up.
	“Rose, I… I like you.” William could no longer contain his feelings, he reached out to gently embrace Rose.
	His chin rest on her shoulder, “Rose, I would like to take care of you and Doris, I know that I’m still not good enough but please give me a chance. I will do my utmost best to give you happiness.”
	“I don’t believe that you can’t see my feelings towards you. I believe that you also want someone that you can lean on and a family and I want to give that all to you.”
	“Rose, be my girlfriend…”
	That gentle, moving proposal was thick and full of affection drifted into her ears…
	Rose wasn’t a cold-blooded person and naturally will be moved, but she has yet to reach the level of love.
	“Mr. Quinn, you are very talented but now we are only friends and colleagues. I am also not prepared for a relationship, I’m sorry.” Rose rejected him cruelly and squashed this budding love affair.
	“I can wait if you are not ready. I’ll be here waiting until you are ready.” William was very careful with this relationship.
	But Rose did not want him to lower himself, “Don’t wait for me, I won’t be back. You will find someone you really like. Don’t waste your time on someone unworthy.”
	She didn’t want to give him false hopes because she also can’t see any hope.
	William’s enthusiasm was doused somewhat by her but he persisted, “Waiting for you is my choice, you are the person that I really like, someone I want to wait for and someone I want to marry.”
	He became more determined with each word, expressing his determination not to give up.
	“What if I like someone else?” Rose saw that he wouldn’t give up and became even crueler.
	“…” William stared at her and couldn’t continue, “if you want me to give up, then say no more.”
	William took a deep breath and composed himself, turned, and was about to leave.
	At this moment there was a figure at the staircase. It's was unable to make out the person due to the lighting of the stairwell but his ominous presence could be sensed.
	That person came from the staircase and with each step, his identity was revealed.
	Long legs, business suit, elitist… and dashingly handsome.
	William looked at Bright walking towards him and felt surprised and threatened.
	“Why is Mr. Lee here?” William said first.
	“The legs are mine and I can go wherever I want. Mr. Quinn can’t control me, can you?” Bright was direct and blunt. He didn’t bother with William.
	Rose didn’t expect Bright to come and this was her home.
	How long has he been here? Was he standing there all this while? Did he listen in to their conversation?
	There were too many questions and made Rose fluster.
	Bright stood by the door and looked at Rose, “I flew for two hours, spent fourth minutes on the road to get here… aren’t you inviting me in for a rest?”
	“Why are you here?” Rose didn’t move and just questioned him in return.
	“Someone sent me two messages and I’m here. I just wanted to ask if this is real.” Both of Bright’s hands were in his pockets, he smirked under the light and his laughter looked devilish.
	“Messages? What messages?” Rose looked confused at him and looked terrified.
	Bright took out his phone nonchalantly, and launched Wechat and said, “I miss you, I miss you. Twice.”
	“Who sent that?” Rose asked and her heart was pounding.
	“Isn’t this you?” Bright placed his phone in front of her for her to look.
	“Mr. Lee, please don’t harass Rose.” William stood between them protecting Rose, “Please leave.”
Chapter 54 So Did You Miss Me
	Bright looked at William who was blocking his arm and standing between him and Rose. He didn’t like it that William considered himself a protector of Rose.
	He frowned and glared in disapproval, “Mr. Quinn, what right do you have to ask me to leave? If I didn’t hear wrongly, Rose rejected your proposal so now you are out of the game.”
	“You…” William was stumped, “yes, Rose hasn’t accepted me but I will convince her to agree based on my actions.”
	“Mr. Quinn, your constant harassment is meaningless. Aren’t you forcing her?” Bright said sarcastically, “and who she misses is me.”
	“Who missed you?” Rose said angrily, the problems arrived one after another. She felt so tired of it.
	“I know that you’re embarrassed.” he looked at Rose and smiled.
	Bright pushed William’s outstretched hand down, “You must be tired, rest for a while.”
	William was agitated and thought that Bright wanted to lay his hands on Rose. He stepped forward and blocked him, “Mr. Lee, it’s late now, I’ll walk you out.”
	“I’ve no intention of leaving since I’m here.” Bright squinted and projected his displeasure.
	These words were too provocative to William. To him, Bright was a scoundrel.
	“Rose, don’t worry, I’m here, I’ll protect you. I will not let him harm a single hair on you.” He was determined to protect Rose.
	Rose was moved but it was not because of love. She knew that she can’t make use of William’s good intentions.
	“Move aside!” Bright warned and threatened him.
	“No!” William was not intimidated by Bright. Perhaps this was the power of love. It can surpass a person’s perceived strength.
	William didn’t display any weakness and did not move. The two of them just stared each other down.
	Rose looked at the two of them ready to fight and became very worried.
	Bright wasn’t a bad person but neither was he good. Things can get bad quickly if he is offended.
	She won’t be surprised if he punched William in the face. No one dared to block him.
	“Mr. Quinn, you should leave. I will resolve this.” Rose didn’t want William to be hurt.
	“I will leave when Mr. Lee leaves.” William continued to stare into Bright’s eyes.
	“Mr. Quinn, don’t push your luck,” Bright said coldly with a threat.
	William laughed coldly, he will push his luck today.
	Bright knew the meaning of his laughter and was poised to strike, they look ready to …
	“Oh… handsome uncle?” A cute and tender voice that sounded tired and sleepy.
	Rose stepped aside and a small and tender body ran over and hugged Bright’s long legs.
	Doris tucked aside her hair to reveal her face and looked at Bright’s face.
	“Hehe, I’m not dreaming. Handsome uncle is real.” Doris laughed sweetly when she ascertained that she wasn’t dreaming.
	In that instance, Bright’s serious expression changed immediately to one of gentleness.
	That version of Bright will only appear in front of Doris. To everyone else, he was the chilly high and mighty important director.
	“Of course, it’s me. Are you surprised and happy?” Bright squatted down and hugged Doris.
	“I’m so happy! I just dreamed of handsome uncle.” Doris wrapped her hands around his neck.
	“See, your dream came true.” Bright used his finger to tap on her nose.
	“Why are you here?” Doris was now elated and she was no longer sleepy.
	“I know that you miss me and that’s why I came.” As Bright said this, he didn’t forget to glance at Rose.
	Rose’s heart skipped a beat when he looked at her.
	“I am thirsty.” Bright hinted at Doris.
	Doris understood immediately and released Bright, stretch out her little hand and grabbed his large hand, “Then come in for a drink, I’ll personally serve you.”
	“Doris, you cannot let him in.” William broke his ploy.
	He looked at Bright in contempt for making use of a kid.
	“Why? Handsome uncle is my friend. He came from so far away to see me. As a host, I need to invite him into my house. Furthermore, didn’t you hear that he is thirsty? How can I let him stand at the door? Mom and teacher have said that this is very rude.” Doris was like an adult, “Mom, am I right?”
	“…” Rose was mentioned, “It’s correct, but…”
	But she couldn’t find a reason to refuse Bright from entering.
	“You adults find fault over everything.” Doris was getting upset. “Uncle Quinn, this is my house, I want to invite my friend in.”
	Doris pulled Bright to the door. William was unable to block and was afraid of hurting her little pure heart.
	William felt uneasy and remained at the door.
	“Don’t worry, Doris is around,” Rose assured William.
	“Mr. Quinn, aren’t you leaving? I won’t see you out.” Bright said as he saw William about to leave. He then told Doris, “Doris, say goodbye to Uncle Quinn.”
	“Uncle Quinn, bye-bye.” Doris waved her hand at William.
	William took back his step and looked inwards, and said softly to Rose, “I’ll be downstairs in my car. Call me immediately if you need me.”
	“No need, go home to rest.” Rose didn’t want him to be involved any further.
	“Remember, I’m downstairs,” William repeated before leaving.
	Rose closed the door and walked to the living room and asked Doris, “Why did you wake up?”
	“I was in the bathroom and heard your voices,” Doris said.
	“Go to bed now, you have school tomorrow.” Rose walked over and wanted to pull Doris away.
	Doris lunged towards Bright and said, “I want uncle to carry me to bed and read me a story.”
	“Okay, whatever you say.” Bright carried the little Doris and went to her room.
	The little princess’s room is pink and has several chimes, seashells, some were metallic and some were glass… The room had a lot of other toys.
	Bright placed her carefully onto the bed and covered her with a blanket. He picked up a book of nursery rhymes and started to read.
	His deep and pleasant voice was mesmerizing which sounded like piano music, it slowly charmed Doris into a deep sleep.
	He closed the door as he exited the room and Rose asked, “How did you find your way here?”
	Bright turned and leaned into Rose with her back to the wall.
	He lowered his head and glared into her eyes, “Did you miss me or not?”
Chapter 55 I'm Always by Your Side
	Bright raised his tone lightly, which sounded particularly seductive.
	His warm breath felt prickly over Rose's delicate, fair skin.
	She felt uncomfortable with him so near her. He was so close that the tip of his nose almost touched hers, and their breaths resonated off each other.
	His deep eyebrows were before her, and his deep gaze looked like an endless ocean, and also like the starry night sky, which intoxicated and lured people to give in to him.
	“Did you miss me?” His seductive voice rang in her ears again and enticed her heart.
	Against Bright’s aroused state, Rose had no resistance at all; she puckered her lips and nodded, almost as if she was hypnotized.
	With her nod, Bright’s heart pounded, and a surge of excitement began to churn inside him.
	"Good girl." Bright stretched out his hand to lightly hold her beautiful chin with his index finger and thumb.
	He lowered his head, and pressed his lips against her cherry lips; a strong, burning passion swept over them, like dry wood which came into contact with ember, instantly sparking a fire.
	He kissed, flirted, and grasped onto her tightly; his kissing skills made her unable to resist at all, as if her entire body was intoxicated in his kisses, and allowed him to have his way with her.
	The kissing grew stronger and stronger like a raging storm... The flurry of kisses became erratic.
	As he kissed her, Bright led her towards the master bedroom; he kicked open the door, and pressed on top of her over the soft bed.
	Bright did not give her a chance to refuse, and continued to entangle his body against hers, and left her no time to think. His large palm slipped underneath her clothes and stroked her tight, silky skin.
	Rose suddenly snapped to her senses, and immediately stopped Bright's advancements.
	"Stop, stop—you have no right to do this to me!"
	But Bright didn't stop, "Rose, I have every right!"
	She couldn't fight against Bright's gentleness, and felt as if she was about to be overwhelmed by him again. Out of desperation, she bit down on his lips.
	The bite was so hard, Bright was forced to let her go due to the pain.
	Rose took advantage of the moment to muster the strength and used her hands and feet to kick Bright out of bed.
	Caught off guard, Bright fell off the edge of the bed.
	Rose quickly sat up and pulled up the clothes that rested on her shoulders, her chest rose and fell, and her heart was beating like thunder.
	Bright sat on the edge of the bed with one leg outstretched and the other leg bent; his arms rested on the knee of the bent leg. His hair was slightly messy, and with blood on his lips, he looked like a wounded cheetah, with a dangerous, haunting beauty to him.
	"You’re the only one who’s dared to kick me out of bed." Bright licked the wound on his lips with his tongue.
	“That’s because you crossed the line.” Rose was like a white rabbit on full guard.
	“I can cross it even more.” Bright stood up sharply, like a big, bad wolf ready to pounce on the little white rabbit.
	"Bright, I'm married!" Rose couldn't hide it anymore; this was the only reason she could think of in hopes that he would let her go.
	Sure enough, Bright stopped, stared at her, and curled his lips, "You’re married? Then why do you try to seduce me, again and again?"
	"I... How did I seduce you?" Rose retorted, but her face was flushed.
	"You sent the message [I miss you] twice, and just now, I asked if you missed me, and you nodded." Bright accused her.
	"I didn't send it." Rose denied, "Neither message is on my phone."
	"Oh, don't tell me that your account was hacked!" Only an idiot would believe this excuse.
	"I..." Rose was at a loss of words for a while, "but it’s true that I’m married."
	"Then who’s your husband?" Bright sat on the edge of the bed, relaxed, "Let's talk about it."
	"Why should I tell you?" Rose rebuked.
	She has never seen her mysterious husband either, but how could she tell him that?
	"Did he become a bright star in the sky? Or you can't tell at all!" Bright was an impeding force, his words pressed closely to Rose’s heart.
	Rose was completely helpless; she bit her lips and breathed deeply.
	"Rose, even if I believe that you have a husband, why are you telling me this now? Are you playing around with me?" Bright's voice gradually rose, and the more it did, the more Rose couldn’t bear the pressure.
	"I can't and don't want to explain to you the reasons, but it was my fault just now. But I never had any impure thoughts." Rose didn't know how she was bewitched by Bright and admitted that she missed him. "I apologize."
	Bright listened earnestly; in fact, he wanted to test Rose's thoughts on the marriage contract.
	"Mr. Lee, please go back." Rose said.
	Not only did he not leave, but Bright also lied down on the bed and said, "I'm tired after sitting on the plane for so long."
	Rose's beautiful eyes slightly widened; does he mean to stay over tonight?
	"Mr. Lee, I already explained everything to you, please go." Rose couldn't possibly accept this.
	Bright turned his back on Rose, as if he complied.
	"Mr. Lee..." Rose looked at Bright's broad and strong back, "Mr. Lee... you can't sleep here."
	Bright didn't budge; his breathing was stable. Could it be that he fell asleep already?
	Isn't he afraid of wrinkling that expensive custom-made suit?
	Rose looked on at this scoundrel, filled with anxiousness and anger in her heart.
	She got up from the bed and passed him carefully, but just as she was about to reach the door, she stopped, furrowed her eyebrows, and reluctantly pulled a blanket over him.
	Rose left the bedroom and went to Doris's room, and shared the same bed with her daughter.
	She shouldn't have been softhearted and given him a blanket; such people should catch a cold and suffer.
	After Rose left, Bright slowly opened his eyes, and wrinkles around the corner of his eyes appeared as he smiled.
	Rose did abide by the contract, and did not say anything; she made herself into a woman filled with misery and grievances.
	But my dear wife, your husband is right here; I am your husband.
	If you knew that I was always by your side, what kind of expression would you make?
	Bright said to himself quietly in his mind.
Chapter 56 What Does my Woman have to do with You
	In the morning, the sun climbed up slowly, its rays spread in a mystifying and beautiful manner.
	Rose couldn't sleep and got up extra early to make breakfast.
	Bright always woke up early by habit; he wore a white shirt and was in good spirits. It felt like ages since he last had such a restful night’s sleep.
	"Morning." He smiled and greeted Rose.
	Rose had dark circles under her eyes, and she was in no mood to pay attention to him.
	She put breakfast on the dining table, then went to Doris's room to wake her up.
	As Rose led Doris to the dining room, Bright already sat down at the table, studying breakfast.
	"Morning, Uncle Handsome." Doris climbed onto a chair by herself.
	"Morning, sweety." Bright smiled lightly, then pointed to a round cake on the plate. "What is this?"
	"That's my mom’s pumpkin pie; it's delicious." Doris picked one up and took a bite, with a very satisfied expression.
	"Then I have to taste it." Bright picked up a fork and was about to pick up a piece.
	Rose reached out and took away the plate before him; she sat next to Doris and said, "Mr. Lee, we only have some odds and ends for breakfast; I'm afraid it’s not to your liking, so I didn't make you breakfast. This is my breakfast."
	Bright looked at the emptiness in front of him, then squinted his eyebrows at Rose.
	"Doris, hurry up and eat breakfast, otherwise we’ll be late." Rose urged, hoping Doris would also ignore Bright.
	But Doris pushed her plate towards Bright. Due to her short hands, the plate only reached halfway between the two of them, "Uncle Handsome, I’ll share my breakfast with you."
	"You are a growing child, eat up." Rose said.
	"But Uncle would go hungry without breakfast. Wouldn’t it be better if we both shared a little with him?" Doris suggested.
	"..." Rose started to eat, "He’s an adult; he’ll figure something out. Besides, he only eats expensive seafood abalone porridge... He’s not used to our breakfast."
	Bright scooped up a piece of pumpkin pie on the plate, "Let me just take one."
	"Really?" Doris asked.
	"Of course. Uncle's assistant will prepare breakfast." Bright didn't want to compete with Doris for food.
	After breakfast, Rose took her bag and walked out, and Bright followed.
	Rose held Doris's hand, and Doris held Bright's hand. They looked like a family of three.
	When they passed by some neighboring aunts, the aunts looked on in shock at Bright.
	"Rose, is this your husband? He looks so handsome, much more handsome than my son." An aunt praised.
	"Hello, ladies." Bright called out.
	The old woman smiled from ear to ear, "If my son was as handsome as you, he’d already be married by now."
	Rose’s lips jerked; is this mother really related to her son?
	"Rose, you’re quite blessed."
	"Right, right; it would be nice if my daughter could also find such a good husband."
	"Boy, do you have any brothers in your family? Introduce one to my daughter."
	"I do; he’s a freshman in college this year. How old is your daughter?"
	"My daughter’s twenty-four..."
	"My brother is only eighteen..."
	“Any cousins or nephews around the same age?”
	"I’ll have to go back and ask."
	"You must let us know if you have any news."
	...
	It was like the scene of matchmaking service.
	"Aunties, we have to go to work and school, chat next time." Rose pulled Bright's sleeve and motioned him to leave.
	"Goodbye, aunties." Doris said with good manners.
	After they pulled away from the group, Rose distanced herself from Bright: "Goodbye, Mr. Lee."
	"Let me send you and Doris to the school." Bright said as he looked at a car that approached them.
	"No need." Rose held Doris’s hand and headed for the subway station.
	At this time, a white BMW stopped in front of Rose; the window lowered to reveal William's face, "Rose, get in the car."
	Bright was very unhappy at the sight of William. How did this person appear everywhere?
	When Rose saw that Bright was about to walk over, she hesitated for a second, and then got into William's car with Doris.
	William immediately accelerated to leave; Bright was one step late and didn’t stop them in time.
	After they dropped Doris off at the kindergarten, only William and Rose remained in the car.
	"Thank you today." Rose leaned against the back of the car seat, exhausted.
	"Rose, do you like Bright?" William raised his eyes to look in the rearview mirror, and saw the sadness on Rose's brows, the worry on her face, and the expression of uncertainty on her face.
	Clearly, she appeared to be troubled by her feelings, but hadn't she noticed it yet?
	"I don't like him." Rose denied.
	"Rose, you guys came out together early in the morning..." William concealed the stinging sensation and sadness in his eyes, "He spent the night with you, right?"
	"William, it’s not like what you think." Rose explained anxiously, but then suddenly realized something, "Did you stay here all night?"
	That's how he appeared so soon this morning; how could he be so stupid.
	"William, you really don't need to do this. I don't want to owe you even more." There was no way she could pay it back.
	"I just want to protect you." William said, "Did he bully you?"
	Rose shook her head, "You’ve also seen that he likes Doris, and Doris likes him. They’re now close friends."
	"Doris is so cute, of course he likes her. I also like Doris." William envied how Bright came into the picture much later than himself, but now Doris was so deeply attached to him.
	"Doris likes you too." Rose added.
	William added a comment in his mind, But not more than Bright.
	The rest of the ride remained silent all the way to YM Group; Rose got out the car early in order to avoid any unnecessary misunderstanding.
	William parked the car in the company's underground parking lot and took the elevator up.
	The first thing William did when he arrived at the office was to call Bright, who sounded cheerful when he picked it up, "William, I was just about to call you, but you called first."
	"Mr. Lee, let me remind you again not to bother Rose. You’ve caused her a lot of trouble. If you really cared for her, stay away from her and leave her in peace." William was clear and indignant.
	"Is that what she said?" Bright raised his eyebrows.
	"She said she doesn't like you." William was out to extinguish Bright's arrogant attitude, "Mr. Lee, you’re a sensible person, not a stalker."
	"William, as long as I'm here, there’s no way she will like you." Bright snapped back, "And why do you care what I did to my woman?"
Chapter 57 Rely on Herself in Future
	Bright's tone was full of confidence and pride, and he didn't seem to be a liar. Besides, there's no need to lie.
	"Yours? Who belong to you?" asked William.
	"Want the answer? It depends on my mood." Bright hung up.
	William stared at the screen in panic when the call was over. The feeling of powerlessness that hopes raised but then was replaced by disappointment, gradually swallowed him like a tide.
	William squeezed the phone tightly and sank back into the swivel chair in frustration.
	Rose was called to the president's office by CEO Dong early in the morning, and gave her a letter of transfer: "Miss Rose, your achievements over the past few years are obvious to all. I hope you can do better in City H. If you perform well, I will grant you a satisfying position."
	"I appreciate it that company give me this opportunity. I will definitely live up to the hopes of the company and Mr. Dong." said Rose gratefully.
	"When are you going to leave?" asked CEO Dong, "I will hold a farewell party for you tonight if you're not in a hurry."
	"Mr. Dong, no need for that actually. 'Cause my only work here is the project of City J Theater. Now that I have received this transfer letter, I wanna leave as soon as possible. As for the farewell party, I thank you for your kindness. I just want to leave quietly." Rose had never been a high-profile girl, and there's nothing necessary to be high-profile.
	"So you gotta leave today?" asked CEO Dong.
	"Yeah, I'll book a plane ticket in a while and face new challenges in a new place."
	"Good luck."
	"Thank you."
	After Rose left the office, CEO Dong made a phone call and said, "She decided to leave today as soon as possible."
	"Thank Mr. Dong." The other side was satisfied with the result.
	"It's a luck for Miss Rose to harvest the love of CEO Lee." CEO Dong sighed that it's always the girl, even for Mr. Bright, "I'm not being rude but just wonder, what is the relationship between you and Miss Rose currently?"
	"You will get the answer about the relationship between me and her when it's appropriate. And I owe you a favor, you're welcomed to honor a promise from me at any time, as long as I can help you."
	"Thank you CEO Lee." CEO Dong chuckled.
	It's best for a designer like Rose to work in the headquarters so that it's not the intention for CEO Dong to let her go. However, it happened that Bright called him and wanted Rose to leave here.
	Naturally, CEO Dong didn't want to lose such a capable subordinate to benefit other competitors. Therefore he responded that Rose was transferred to the branch company in City H, which was to be in line with Rose's application and his retaining of talent.
	Bright didn't object that. As long as Rose didn't work in the same company with William and under his leadership, Bright would be OK for the transfer.
	Resting at noon, Rose packed up her personal belongings with no one else in the office. She brought it for the security inspection, and then left the headquarter of YM Group.
	It's where she worked for four years and where she grew up. She thanked everyone who once helped her. But from now on, she would rely on herself to fight and struggle.
	Farewell to William and dear colleagues who once helped her.
	Rose also bid farewell to Jane after she went to the kindergarten to pick up Doris.
	"Rose, I know your purpose of going back, but I still hate to part with you." Jane hugged Rose with tears on her face.
	"Well, come to City H when you're available and so do I." Rose patted her friend on the back and said with deep affection, "Jane, thank you."
	"If you say so one more time, I'll fall out." Jane immediately let go of Rose and responded with a cold face.
	At the moment, Rose raised one hand and patted her left atrium. She would keep everything at the bottom of her heart.
	"And you little Doris, don't forget Auntie Jane." Jane squatted down and hugged Doris one more time.
	"Auntie Jane, whenever you have a boyfriend, you need to bring him to me, and I will examine it for you." No doubt that Doris was the best cheering group.
	"Okay." Jane was recently forced by her parents to go on a blind date, which led her to a headache.
	Farewell is always painful. Our paths shall cross - God willing.
	After a three-hour flight, Rose and Doris landed safely at City H Airport.
	They walked out of the aisle with two max-sized and one small-sized luggage.
	Nora Cooper waved at them in the crowd, "Rose, I'm here."
	"Doris, she's Auntie Nora, mom's childhood friend." introduced Rose.
	"Good to see you Auntie Nora." Doris greeted politely and cleverly.
	"Wow, what a little beauty." Nora was surprised at Doris's transparent and snow-white skin and watery eyes. She adored the little girl from the bottom of the heart and said, "Come here, give me a hug."
	Doris was not afraid of Nora and gave her a hug.
	A black Range Rover was parked by the side of the driveway. Jayden, with his legs crossed in the car, immediately got out of the car and helped them with luggage when he saw Nora and Rose approaching.
	"This little girl is your daughter?" Jayden asked when he put luggage in the trunk.
	"Hello Uncle, I'm Doris Linder, you can call me Doris." Doris generously introduced herself.
	"Hello I'm Jayden, boyfriend of your mom." Jayden winked at Doris.
	"It's a male friend." corrected Rose.
	"Let's ignore him, a strange guy." Nora turned around and took Doris into the car.
	Jayden hurriedly got into the car, and drove directly to Nora's house.
	"Does Ryan agree on my arriving?" Rose was a bit worried that it would have an impact on their marriage life.
	"He rarely comes back. What's more, I own this house, and it's good to have a nanny here to look after Doris. It's more proper for you to take Doris back after you arrange everything." Nora didn't want Rose to be mentally burdened. "Well, Jayden's always here if it doesn't work."
	Jayden put the three luggage in place and said, "Do you mean that I will not only be a free driver but also a nanny for you? Oh I'm really a poor guy. Rose, how will you comfort me?"
	He leaned his head on Rose's shoulder with a sad look.
	"Enough." Nora pushed Jayden away and sat between him and Rose.
	"I'll go on a dating." Jayden got up and waved away at them.
	The nanny brought three glasses of juice and a glass of water.
	Nora took a sip of the juice to moisturize throat, but she never moved eyes on Doris who had been playing on the side. "You're totally identical. She's so adorable!"
	"Since you adore a baby girl so much, why don't you give birth to one?" Rose saw Nora staring at Doris with eyes gleaming.
	Nora curled her lips, "I don't want that."
	"Don't you? Is it the same for Ryan?" They had been married for five years but nothing happened about a kid.
	"I'll tell you more about me later." Nora turned face away with a little sadness in her eyes.
	"Nora, don't you forget him yet?" asked Rose softly.
	Nora put fingertips through the hair in front of her forehead, and raised her bright red lips with a smile, "He's passed for so many years, I should get over him."
	She showed naturally and chicly, but Rose saw the entanglement from her eyes.
Chapter 58 Don't Have to Rub it in
	Yeah, it had been six years since he was burned to death by the fire.
	They all remembered the fire that burned the night sky, lighting up the darkness around.
	At that time, Nora looked at the raging fire in horror with bloodshot eyes. She wanted to rush in to rescue him, but was stopped by someone and prevented her from entering.
	Rose was also frightened by that fire. Later then, Nora cried on Rose's shoulder with tears streaming down her face.
	He was turned into fire, ashes, smoke... and he's gone away forever.
	Nora loved him unreservedly and innocently when she's only nineteen years old. But what she loved and cherished were destroyed by the fire.
	Could she forget it? Was it as easy as she acted?
	"Just forget it, everyone has to look forward and grasp the current happy life." Rose sighed that time forced all of them to step forward.
	The person she saw in City Y that time must have been a mistake.
	Nora's doing pretty well now, Rose didn't want to remind her of sadness.
	"Happy? What does "happy" mean?" Lowered eyes, Nora looked at the juice in her hand and shook it gently, "Rose, do you think it's happiness marrying love or money? As you look, am I happy now? And are you happy now?"
	Rose was stopped by Nora's question. She couldn't answer what real happiness was, because she herself hadn't found it yet.
	"Rose, neither of us is happy." Nora smiled bitterly, "Or it's not the happiness we want."
	"For those years I loved him deeply. I thought I would be happy with him, but he died. A year later under my parents' arrangement, I married a man who they were satisfied with. The marriage was more a cooperation of the interests between two families."
	"Nora, you can say no." Rose's pupils were dyed with sadness.
	"He died, I couldn't marry him. So it made no difference for me to marry anyone." Nora burst into a charming smile, and took a sip of the juice by her red lips.
	It didn't matter at all who she marry if she couldn't marry the one she loves the most.
	Rose deeply understood that Nora was thoroughly heartbroken for what she said.
	Just as Rose was set up by her own sister and betrayed by Sky Tanner, she was desperate as well at that moment. But she looked forward to being in love with others.
	"Nora, you're torturing yourself. You can say no if you don't really want to marry him. Maybe someone will come to you in future, he'll protect and cherish you... It's early for you to give up." Rose persuaded Nora, but couldn't persuade herself.
	"It's okay Rose. And I enjoy my life now." Nora put down the cup, leaned her arm on the sofa and bent legs, then looked at Rose, "I don't have to do anything, but I get everything I want. It's on my call to pay for everything with gold cards and VIP cards. Money really matters in current society. It’s hard to do anything if you don’t have it."
	"Now back on you. You have to work hard to earn money by yourself. At least I don't have to work hard in a company for food and clothing. I feel quite relaxed, all I do is to dress myself as a princess."
	Rose looked at the glamorous Nora, felt like the girl in front of her seemed to be no longer the Nora she once knew, but it's still someone she's familiar with.
	Nora's still her good friend, she would still do her best and stand out for Rose.
	But something changed that there's no love from Nora's eyes.
	"Now that you're back this time, you have to hold everything tight that belongs to you. And don't be silly once again. What we hold in hands is more reliable than men." Nora raised one hand, and fist her fingers in front of Rose.
	"I got it." Rose knew exactly the purpose of coming back.
	Five years of patience and humiliation were pure to serve her back journey this time.
	"Please take good care of Doris." Rose checked the time and was about to back Linder House.
	"Don't worry. I will definitely take good care of the baby girl." Nora got up and sent Rose off.
	Rose walked to an empty area behind the sofa. There were a lot of things for children to play, which Nora had specially vacated for Doris.
	"Dear, mom is going back to see your great grandma first, tell her about everything, and then take you home. Is that okay?" Rose worried that she would scare granny if she didn't tell her ahead of time but take a baby back.
	"Okay." Doris still had questions for that and she was unwilling to part with mom. But she still followed mom without asking.
	Rose hugged her adorable daughter, and then kissed her on the forehead.
	Nora ordered the driver to drive Rose back. It only took a few minutes as the Linder Villa was close to here.
	It's also convenient for Rose back here if she left Doris in Nora's house.
	"Call me if there's something wrong, I will arrive there as soon as possible." Nora made a gesture of calling to Rose who had already sit inside.
	Rose understood and nodded then.
	Soon Rose arrived at the Linder Villa. The driver drove her to the door of the villa and helped her bring luggage to the door then leave.
	Elena opened the door and looked unnaturally when she saw Rose, "Miss Rose, welcome back."
	Nothing wrong with what she said. But Rose felt that Elena didn't welcome her back sincerely. After all, Elena was scolded by Grandma Linder because of Rose.
	"I promised granny to come back. After all, it's granny who told me that. Besides, I'm free to leave and go home." Rose stood at the door with a chuckle, "Elena, am I right?"
	"Yes, Miss Rose." Elena didn't dare to say no.
	"Then please bring me the luggage inside. It's really tiring after a few days of business trip, I need to take a shower to relax myself." Rose stretched a hand to gently push Elena away who had been blocking the door. She stepped inside with a master's posture.
	Elena looked at the two luggage left at the door. She felt resentful, but dare not to show up, all she could do was to bring them in.
	Rose came back at three o'clock in the afternoon, so there was only grandma at home without anyone else.
	"Dear granny, I'm back. Did you miss me?" After seeing grandma, Rose hugged her tightly and acted like a baby.
	"Definitely I missed you so much. Finally you're back. How inconsiderate you are for leaving so many days!" Grandma pushed presbyopic glasses on the bridge of her nose.
	"Granny, I was working and handle with something wrong. But you see, here I am!" Rose kissed grandma's wrinkled face, "And I transferred all my work to City H. From now on, I'll work here and stay by your side."
	"Well, that's good. Then it's proper time for granny to start your blind date." Grandma was satisfied with it.
	"..." Rose smiled stiffly.
	Granny really didn't have to rub it in.
Chapter 59 She Deserved A Better Man
	Rose let go of her grandmother and said, "Grandma, I'll come back after organizing my things.”
	"Alright.” Grandma replied.
	Rose let Elena carried her suitcases into the room.
	After going upstairs and shutting the door, she returned the clothes and utilities in her suitcases to their original position while she was humming a song. She seemed to be in a good mood.
	After she had tidied up her room, she enjoyed a comfortable bath and changed into a new set of clothes, looking elegant and beautiful.
	She looked at the clock and then went downstairs while clutching a paper bag.
	Grandma was watching the television, and by now Joy had returned, and Sophie was holding her arm. The mother and daughter duo was having a good time shooting the breeze.
	"Mum, you're back.” Rose watched the lovely interactions between the mother and daughter and an uneasiness seized her heart. She wanted them to feel uncomfortable too since she herself was feeling uncomfortable.
	Joy and Sophie noticed Rose who was descending the stairs slowly and their smiles immediately vanished from their faces. Their expression turned into one with dismay and they obviously didn't welcome her presence.
	Rose already knew they would react like this, but she paid no attention to it.
	She was wearing a white dress with a deep V-shaped cut on her chest. The fluttery dress had brought out her quiet charm.
	Standing beneath the chandelier, she was sparkling, and her tiny face was smudged slightly by the light. Her brows were perfectly coupled with her seductive figure, and this made her look incredibly beautiful.
	She was exuding an elegant and outstanding aura just by standing there quietly, and this was making Sophie hateful and envious of her.
	"Why are you back?” Joy had noticed the slightly increased pressure applied by Sophie's fingers which were clutching her arm.
	She looked towards her daughter's pale face, and she couldn't help but feel distressed that her daughter had to feel pressured by Rose.
	"This is my home too, I'm just out for some business.” Rose stepped off the last flight of stairs and walked into the living room and sat beside grandma, "Am I correct, grandma?”
	"Joy, as a mother why are you spouting nonsense? Is there any way to talk to your daughter?” Grandma knitted her brows while scolding her daughter-in-law, "I have told you before that you can't choose to only care for one of them.”
	Joy didn't reply, she just signaled Sophie as they were prepared to go upstairs. But she was stopped by grandma, "Joy, I am talking to you now.”
	"Mum, I heard you.” Joy said in a mellow tone. "I have something to do with Sophie, we'll go upstairs now.”
	"Mum, what has happened for you to be in such a hurry? Why don't you sit down here and see what I have brought you.” Rose showed a faint and harmless smile and said, "Sister, you should sit down too.”
	Joy and Sophie were rooted to their spot as they didn't leave the living room right away.
	Grandma added, "You should just listen and sit down, why are you still standing there.”
	"Mum, what are you guys talking about?” Chandler's deep voice drifted in from somewhere nearby, and it was followed by his appearance in the living room.
	He immediately noticed Rose who was sitting on the sofa, and his initially smiling face was now flashing a hint of displeasure.
	The whole family did not like her at all, so it was as if they had seen a ghost whenever they lay eyes on her.
	Rose on the other hand was smiling so brightly. The more they disliked her, the more she wanted to enforce her presence around them. She wanted to make sure they were suffering, and this would make her happy too.
	Although this was a childish mindset, and she could gain nothing from doing all of these, but it was worth it as long as she could be happy.
	"Dad, you should sit too.” Rose's voice was sultry and showed indifference towards their displeasure towards her. "I have brought you a gift when I was on a business trip in City J. It was something introduced by Mr. Lee. Let's see if you guys will like it or not.”
	Rose handed a present to grandma, and she gave two presents to both Joy and Chandler.
	"Elena, this is for you.” Even Elena had a gift from her.
	Elena was shocked when she knew there was a present for her. She had gotten a present, but not Sophie, wouldn't this be too awkward?
	"Oh, Sophie, I didn't buy anything for you because I thought you're not at home.” Rose looked innocent while emphasizing that she did not forget it on purpose.
	Sophie smiled faintly and couldn't care less about that. She took this opportunity to retort, "It's okay, Sky would buy me anything that I want, he loves me very much.”
	"Oh, speaking of which, I have met Sky in J City, and we were staying in the same hotel. His room was just one floor below mine, it was such a coincidence. I have met him while taking the lift, and during that time the lift was too crowded that I almost fell down. Luckily Sky had given me a helping hand,” Rose described her encounter with a lively expression, especially when she came across Sky's name.
	During this time, Sohpie's expression gradually darkened. She bit her lips while clutching her bag hard.
	"Is that so? He is always so kind, he even treats injured cats and dogs by himself sometimes. Besides, Sky calls you sister after me, like how I am calling you. Maybe you don't know that there are girls who will throw themselves at men that they like on their own, but my husband only treasures me in his heart, so he will never be tempted by other girls.” Sophie was hinting that there was no difference between Rose and those cats and dogs. They weren't something Sky should be too concerned about.
	"Is that so?” Rose lifted her lips and replied, "Then sister, you have to keep this man, otherwise you won't be able to find such a good husband anymore.”
	"Sister, you are right, Sky and I always love each other. We could only love each other with all of our heart.” Sophie was an expert in showing off her romance.
	"Sky must have prepared a present for you, you won't be missing my present. I'm sure you won't blame me for this.” Rose had found herself a good excuse this time.
	"Of course I won't blame you, it is the best kind of happiness to receive a present from my husband. I hope that you can also find the right one for you soon, so that I will have a chance to attend your wedding.” Sophie was not planning to back off in their verbal war.
	"Of course she will.” Grandma interrupted them. She always viewed Rose as the best child, "Our Rose deserve the best guy out there.”
	"Grandma, that's for always loving me. I feel like I'm the happiest girl in the world with your love.” Rose held grandma's arm and replied to her while leaning her head lightly on grandma's shoulders.
	Grandma patted Rose's shoulder lightly and said, "Grandma will find you someone better that Sky and make you happy."
	Sophie immediately felt dissatisfied at grandma's words as she protested for Sky's sake, "Grandma, what you said sounds like Sky is not good enough, is he not good enough? He is the one who has gotten you and grandpa's acknowledgement.”
	"Sophie, it's not that I am saying bad things intentionally, Sky did get our acknowledgement, that's because we thought that he would make Rose the happiest woman alive and love her for the rest of her lives. The day that he had abandoned Rose, he would never be good enough anymore in my eyes.” Grandma was fuming now that she was talking about Sky, "And you, Sophie, you chose to love Sky out of everybody, and you were even married to him. Aren't you afraid that he will abandon you one day?”
	"Grandma, Sky will not ever treat me like this.” Sophie retorted hurriedly, "Sky had broken up with sister, why couldn't Sky marry another girl? And why couldn't I marry him?”
Chapter 60 Stolen Happiness
	Sophie was biting her lips as her body started to tremble, "Grandma, you are always biased.”
	"History always repeats itself. Nobody could guarantee that he will never do that again. I just don't want to see you repeat your sister's mistake.” Grandma was giving solemn advice as she sighed emotionally.
	Grandma's words were right on the mark. Rose had no confidence about her future… after all, this was stolen happiness.
	As long as Rose was still single, Sky would always have his opportunity.
	The best way to resolve this right now was to get Rose into marriage before Sky could discover the truth. It didn't matter who the groom would be.
	She couldn't stand Rose appearing in front of her anymore, especially hearing Sky's name from her mouth.
	Her husband would always belong to her completely. He was hers alone.
	"I will make sure that I'm happy, grandma, you don't have to worry about this. As for sister, you should introduce a good candidate for her, so that she will not always be lonely.” Sophie changed the topic and continued, "Grandma, I will look forward to you finding a good guy for sister.”
	"I will choose the man carefully this time.” Grandma held Rose's hands while saying, "Rose, leave this to me.”
	"Grandma, I always listen to you. You can do anything as long as you are happy.” Rose held grandma's hand affectionately and her eyes were full of gratitude towards her. "I will try my best to be happy so that you won't worry too much about me.”
	"Alright, you are always the best granddaughter.” Grandma felt relieved at her words, "Let's go, I'm hungry.”
	Grandma didn't utter a single word after this as she let Rose helped her on the way to the dining room.
	Chandler, Joy and Sophie remained in the living room as they stared at the two presents on the table, feeling a little distressed.
	"Dad, mum, you have to hurry up in finding the guy, otherwise if grandma starts to arrange blind dates for her, then it will be a shame.” Sophie tugged at Joy's arms, "We can't let her be so arrogant.”
	"You can be rest assured, we will arrange for it.” Joy and Chandler exchanged a glance as she took in a deep breath, "From now on, we have to make sure she thinks that we have accepted her, if not she won't be so good to listen to our words.”
	"Mum, I will listen to you no matter what.” Sophie did not deny her mother's suggestions. She knew that in order to take Rose down, she had to pay some price.
	Joy opened the gift box, and inside it lied a peacock-shaped brooch, which was very beautiful.
	Chandler opened his gift box too and found a tie inside. Its design and colour suited middle-aged men like him, and wearing it could showcase his maturity and generosity.
	The three of them got up and entered the dining room. When Joy had taken her seat, she flashed a smile towards Rose, "Rose, we have seen your present, and we love it very much. Thanks for putting us in your heart.”
	Joy's change in attitude had shocked grandma slightly, but she immediately smiled, "This is how a mother should look like.”
	"Mum, you don't have to be so polite, we are family after all.” Rose was very forgiving too as she didn't find fault at them for what had happened in the past. "I am your daughter after all.”
	"Yes, you are right,” Joy nodded, "I used to have a bad attitude and it was because something was bothering me all along.”
	"Rose, please forgive mum and me, we will change our ways.” Chandler had softened his stance as he showed his fatherly side.
	"How could I blame you? You have given me my life, that was something to be forever grateful of.” Rose looked like she was "touched” as a moist film developed on her eyes, "You don't have to mention it, I understand everything.”
	Rose was actually feeling awful and disgusted while spouting this.
	She was astonished at herself for being able to spout such nonsense naturally.
	"It's good that we have talked things out, a family should always be happy together.” This was what grandma always wanted to see. This was how a family should look like.
	Grandma and Rose had been enjoying themselves during this meal, but Joy, Chandler and Sophie were still upset deep in their hearts, but they had to put on a good façade for the time being.
	After dinner, Rose accompanied grandma to take a walk to help with her digestion, before helping her to wash up and prepare for sleep.
	When she was upstairs again, it was already nine thirty. She was intercepted by Sophie suddenly when she reached the second floor.
	"Rose Linder, I need to talk to you.” Sophie directly called out her full name.
	"Grandma is not around, so we don't have to pretend anymore. It was so tiring anyway.” Rose stood by the door while looking at her sarcastically.
	"I feel the same.” Sophie stood opposite her and what separated them was just a narrow corridor.
	"Speak up. If there's nothing else I want to go to sleep.” Rose let out a yawn.
	"Rose Linder, let me warn you, don't ever think of seducing Sky, your struggles will always be useless. He loves me now, and I'm his wife. You are nothing!” Sophie warned her in a serious tone because she had almost reached her limit.
	"What? You are already so restless when I said that he had helped me a little?” Rose retorted with disdain, "Sophie Linder, let me warn you too, what you have taken away from me I will take it back again with double the suffering for you.”
	"You dare to do that!” Sophie exclaimed, looking visibly shaken.
	"Why would I not do that? Since the day you had snatched him away from me, you should know that one day he will no longer belong to you.” Rose was really cruel, "Sophie, I'm back now, you should wake up from your delusions!”
	"And besides, I don't even need to seduce him, he's the one who had volunteered to help me in that crowded lift.” The curve at the corner of her lips gradually deepened.
	"Impossible! He won't even look at you!”
	"You are right, he won't look at me for just once… he wants to eye me more than once, hehe, don't you know that men are always putting on a fake front and couldn't be trusted?”
	Her deprecating laugh that drifted into Sophie's ears had caused a headache, "Enough! Rose Linder, I don't believe you. You better not be too smug, I will let you be gone from this place.”
	"Oh… is that so, I look forward to it.” Rose arched her eyebrows and replied, "I want to sleep now, please get as far away from me as possible.”
	Rose didn't want to talk nonsense with her, so she pulled open the door to her room.
	"Rose, wait.” She stopped her in her tracks.
	At this moment, a voice could be heard downstairs, "Miss Sophie, Mr. Tanner has come to pick you up.”
	"Alright, let him come up here.” Sophie crossed her arms in front of her chest, as if she could finally claim victory over Rose as long as Sky was here.
	After a while, Sky went upstairs, but he slowed down his pace when he saw Sophie and Rose standing opposite each other in a confrontation. His gaze swept over both of them before he quickened his pace and came to Sophie's side.
	"Let's go.” Sky held Sophie's hand naturally.
	"Sky, did you buy me any present this time?” Sophie leaned intimately against him while locking her fingers with his.
	"Of course, I would never forget that.” Sky said in a soft tone. "I'll show you at home.”
	"Did you buy anything for sister?” Sophie asked with anticipation.
	"There's no need for that.” Sky replied coldly.
	"We are family in the end, why not I give sister the present that you planned to give me?” Sophie asked Sky ambiguously. Nobody knew what she was getting at.
Chapter 61 Mr. Lee Announces Marriage
	Sky looked at Sophie’s bright smile and didn’t show any sign of hesitation. “Why did you give the gift I bought you to someone else? Can’t she afford things herself?”
	Sky now referred to Rose as someone else.
	Of course, Rose didn’t mind because her feelings towards Sky disappeared five years ago.
	No matter what Sky said now, she didn’t feel pain or waver.
	She just stood there, looking at Sophie and seeing what tricks he would play.
	“Oh, I didn't mean that. I thought I should share what I have with my sister.” Sophie grumbled.
	“You have to share with someone else? Then are you planning to share me with someone else?” Sky frowned, very unhappy.
	Seeing Sky's cold face, Sophie shook his wrist. “My sweetheart, I'm sorry, I didn't mean that. You only belong to me. How can I share you with someone else?”
	“The people and things that belong to you can't be shared with someone else. Not everyone is worthy of your kindness.” Sky looked at Sophie as she acted in a spoilt way and reminded her solemnly.
	“Okay, I understand.” Sophie deliberately showed her affection in front of Rose.
	She wanted Rose to see that Sky's heart belonged to her, and they loved each other very much.
	“Sister, I'm sorry, next time I will buy a gift for you. Don't be angry.” Sophie appeared as if Rose was making things difficult for her.
	“How can I be angry? I'm not used to picking up the trash that someone else used. If my sister likes it so much, she should keep it and use it herself. You don’t need to thank me for not fighting over it with you because trash is dirty.” Rose smiled, and her tone was ironic.
	Sky’s face turned sullen as he heard Rose’s words. Sophie couldn’t maintain the smile on her face either.
	Trash? Rose actually said he was trash!
	“Rose, who are you calling trash? Don't go too far!” Sophie couldn't maintain her elegant composure.
	“The people or things you use are trash, including yourself.” Rose’s smile reached the corner of her eyes.
	She stretched out her hand and pushed open the door, and didn’t bother to get in too much of a conflict with Sophie anymore.
	“Rose, you are trash!” Sophie's chest heaved up and down. Her complexion was poor. She shook Sky's arm again. “Sky, look at her... she crossed the line.”
	As she spoke, tears of grievance surfaced in her eyes. Sky couldn’t bear looking at her pitiful expression.
	“Rose, let's chat alone.” Sky stopped Rose as she was about to enter the room.
	Rose turned around slightly, facing Sky, smiled, charming and sincere. “Sister and brother-in-law have a separate chat? That’s not very appropriate, right?”
	Sophie also grabbed Sky's arm immediately, and her eyes showed disagreement. “Sky...take me with you, okay? I am your wife, not an outsider. Is there anything I can't hear?”
	She couldn't let Sky and Rose stay alone because that would only create opportunities for Rose.
	“Don't worry. I will finish chatting with her soon. You wait for me in the bedroom or in the living room.” Sky patted the back of her hand twice with his palm so that she could relax.
	But Sophie felt guilty in her heart. Naturally she would not agree, but she couldn't find a reason fast enough to stop him.
	Sky wanted to let go of her hand, but she firmly grasped it and didn't want to let it go.
	“Sky, my head is a little dizzy...I feel uncomfortable...” Sophie tilted her body, weakly leaning against Sky.
	Sky had to stretch out his hand and hold her soft body. “Are you okay?”
	“Maybe I caught a cold...let's go home.” Sophie wanted Sky to leave with her.
	“I'll take you to the hospital.” Sky saw her stroking her forehead with her hand and frowning as if she was uncomfortable.
	“No, it's just a bit of a cold. There’s no need to get too many people involved. I'll be fine once I go back and take some medicine.” Sophie stretched out her arm and hugged his neck. “Let's go back.”
	Sky glanced at Rose, who turned to enter the bedroom and closed the door directly.
	“Sky...” Seeing Sky looking at Rose's bedroom door and becoming absent-minded, Sophie called out to him twice.
	Sky came back to his senses and helped Sophie downstairs.
	In the bedroom, Rose walked to the balcony outside the floor-to-ceiling windows, admiring the lights in the distance.
	This time she would never let Sophie scheme against herself again.
	Rose saw Sky help Sophie get into the car before him getting in the car and drive away from the Linder family villa.
	He was still the same boy from her childhood, but he was no longer her boy.
	Goodbye, her past, the boy from the past.
	This night, Rose slept very well because her mood was very good.
	When she got up, she changed into a nude-coloured shirt and a black pinstripe small suit. Her long hair was tied into a low ponytail with a strand of her. Together with elegant light makeup, she showed off her capable and beautiful side.
	She went to her grandma's room and helped her grandma to the dining room to have breakfast. As soon as she sat down, Joy and Chandler came.
	“Dad, mom, good morning.” Rose greeted them politely.
	“Good morning to you and mom.” They responded.
	Chandler picked up the newspaper on the table and Joy brought him the porridge. “Don't read the newspaper when you eat. It will affect your digestion and it’s bad for your stomach.”
	Joy spoke as she grabbed the newspaper in his hand.
	“Don't take it away!” Chandler squeezed the newspaper and pulled in the opposite direction. “Big news!”
	“What big news?” Joy asked.
	“Bright announced that he is married and has been married for three years.” Chandler pulled the newspaper away and squinted slightly at the words on it. “And has received blessings from his family, so the so-called scandalous hostess in the parking lot isn’t his girlfriend, but the real Mrs. Lee…”
	“What? The Mr. Lee who came to wish mother a happy birthday is married, and it happened three years ago?” Joy was stunned.
	“Yes. I didn't expect that he has been married for three years at a young age, and maybe one day it will be announced that his child is one year old.” Chandler folded the newspaper and put it down.
	Joy took a sip of porridge and looked up at Rose, who was calm. She was not surprised at all. “Rose, aren’t you close with Mr. Lee? You knew about his marriage, so you are very calm, right?”
	It should be disappointment.
	If she had anything to do with Bright, she would be turning from a crow into a phoenix.
	Fortunately, Bright was now married, so Rose had no chance anymore.
	“Mr. Lee and I only had contact at work. How would I know about his personal affairs? I heard the news when dad was reading the newspaper. I don’t know it earlier than you guys.” Rose still drank the porridge calmly.
	Bright’s method of clarification was to directly admit that she was Mrs. Lee in those photos, dispelling everyone’s curiosity to dig deeper. She knew it a long time ago, but she couldn’t say. She couldn’t say that she was the woman in the photo, pretending to be Mrs. Lee.
Chapter 62 Scaring Your Suitor Away
	“From the perspective of your work relationship, Mr. Lee should at least send you a wedding invitation so you can catch some good luck.” Joy picked up a piece of crystal dumpling and blew on it before putting it on the plate in front of Chandler.
	“I'm also looking forward to it. There’ll be food and drinks.” Rose ate the dumplings.
	“Why doesn't this picture of Mrs. Lee show the front of her face? Plus, it’s so dark. Who can see clearly? I wonder which woman is lucky to marry into the Lee family and become Mr. Lee’s wife.” Chandler glanced at the newspaper beside him again.
	“No matter who Mrs. Lee is, she is definitely not an ordinary person. Someone like Mr. Lee is like a dragon and someone who can match him would naturally be like a phoenix, a celebrity among the girls.” Joy looked at Rose on the opposite side from time to time. “Rose, you and Mr. Lee have been in touch for a while. Why didn't you make use of your chance and let the Linder family benefit?”
	“Mom, Mr. Lee is already married, so it's better not to say that. Besides, we are just working together, so don't think too much.” Rose clarified her relationship with Bright.
	“That's really a pity.” Joy's brows and eyes showed “disappointment”.
	At this time, Jennifer spoke. “What’s there to pity? Rose is great, what’s there to worry about not finding someone better? Although I wanted to match Rose and Bright, it's just that they have no fate. Since there is no fate, we should look forward to the future, and there will be someone better.”
	“Grandma, let’s not talk about this.” Rose picked up a small dumpling for her grandma. “Enjoy it.”
	“I just want to say, I arranged for the eldest son of the Fan family to have dinner for me today. Make sure you dress up a little bit and surprise them.” Jennifer looked at the dress Rose wore today. “You can't wear this. You should wear a dress, so you look cuter. Remember to change.”
	“Grandma, I'm going to work today.” Rose chose to dress formally on the first day to make her look professional.
	“You won't have too much work on the first day. In the afternoon, remember to arrive on time, otherwise grandma won’t talk to you again.” Jennifer appeared serious.
	“Yes.” Rose didn’t dare disobey.
	Rose drank the last sip of porridge. “Grandma, take your time. Call me if there’s anything up. I'm going to work first.”
	“Yeah. Don't work too hard.” Jennifer urged her.
	Rose picked up the lemon yellow purse and got up. “Dad, Mom, I’ll be leaving now.”
	“Chandler, don't you also need to go to work? You can give Rose a ride and pick her up when you come back. Remember.” Jennifer looked at her son, who was still eating slowly.
	Chandler wiped the corners of his mouth with a tissue. “Rose, I’ll give you a ride.”
	And so, Rose did not refuse to get in Chandler's car.
	The black Mercedes-Benz drove out of Linder's house, all the way out of the villa area, towards the center of the city.
	“Rose, the boy that grandma introduced to you should be quite nice. Make sure you seize the opportunity and don't let grandma worry.” Chandler spoke earnestly.
	“I will, dad, don't worry.” Rose obediently replied.
	When they arrived at YM Group’s branch in City H, Rose got off the car.
	It was her first day at a new company, so Rose was ten minutes earlier than when work started. She waited in the rest area until the general manager of the branch arrived. After that, she met with her new boss, Matthew Sue, under the guidance of the secretary.
	Matthew wore an iron-gray suit. His face was a little rectangular-shaped and he wore rimless glasses. He was about forty years old or above. Although he wouldn’t border on the handsome, he was still good-looking, especially after a few more glances.
	Moreover, his appearance did not reflect his actual age at all. Although there were a few fine lines around the corner of his eyes, it did not affect his charm as a middle-aged elite man. On the contrary, men of his age were more masculine and attracted girls who liked middle-aged men.
	“President Sue, hello. My name is Rose. I look forward to our working together.” Rose took the initiative to introduce herself and handed him the transfer letter with both hands.
	“Miss Linder, hello. I have long been looking forward to meeting you.” Matthew took the transfer letter and put it down. “Your future is full of promise given that you were able to become the main designer of City H Theater.”
	“It was a result of everyone’s hard work. I dare not take the credit all by myself.” Rose sat down. “I will work hard in the future.”
	“Head to the HR office to go through the formalities, and then familiarize yourself with your work. There will be a morning meeting later and you also need to attend.” Matthew summarized what Rose needed to do.
	Rose completed the entry procedures under the guidance of the secretary, and then sat down in the office of design supervisor under looks of envy from everyone in the design department.
	In the face of everyone's scrutiny and speculation, she turned a blind eye.
	There was indeed not much work on the first day, and Rose was not used to it.
	When she got off work, she met Matthew again. “Where is Miss Linder going? I can give you a ride if you won’t mind.”
	“I need to go to Country Hotel.” Rose did not refuse. “If it’s not the same way as Manager Sue, then I won’t bother you.”
	“It just so happens that I also need to go to Country Hotel. Get in the car.” Matthew invited her.
	Rose opened the rear door and got into the car, keeping her distance.
	“What is Miss Linder doing at Country Hotel?” He turned the steering wheel half a circle to the left with his right hand and drove into the main lane.
	“Blind date.” Rose was candid.
	Matthew was a little surprised by her straightforwardness and glanced at Rose through the rear-view mirror. There was no special expression on her face, so it didn't look like she was forced.
	“Ms. Linder is so beautiful but doesn’t a boyfriend.” This surprised Matthew.
	“I have a 5-year-old daughter.” Rose didn’t bother to hide it.
	“...” Matthew shook his head lightly. “Miss Linder really dares to say anything. Is this how you scared your suitors away?”
	“Of course not, I really have a daughter.” Rose's expression didn’t show that she was joking at all. “That's why no one dares to pursue me. Of course, my daughter and I live happily and don't need a man. But my grandma thinks differently. I do this all to reassure the elderly.”
	“Miss Linder is very filial.” Matthew guessed that Rose might be a divorced or widowed single mother.
	She was good-natured and straight-forward. There were not many honest women like this, and she was very independent.
	“My grandma has loved me very much since I was a child. Even if everyone doesn't believe me, she would still be on my side. How can I ignore her feelings? And she’s doing it for my own good. I am willing to try things that make her happy.” Whenever Rose talked about her grandma, she would become a little moved and tears would fill her eyes.
	“Ok.”
	As they chatted, they arrived at Country Hotel.
	“President Sue, thank you. Next time I invite you to dinner.” Rose waved at him after getting out of the car.
	“Miss Lin, you're too polite. But I’ll remember about this meal.” Matthew stopped the car.
	Rose saw Joy approaching as soon as she entered the hotel but did not see her grandma. “Where is grandma?”
	She said that she would accompany her to meet her blind date. Why wasn’t she here?
Chapter 63 End the Blind Date as Soon as Possible
	“Grandma suddenly didn’t feel well, so she didn’t come. I’ll stay with you.” Joy explained.
	“Grandma is unwell? What's wrong with her?” Worry appeared on Rose's face when she heard that her grandma didn’t feel well.
	“It's chronic. Don't worry too much.” Joy calmed Rose.
	“No, I’m worried. I'm going to see grandma.” Rose turned to leave.
	Joy stretched out her hand and stopped her, slightly displeased. “Grandma said that you should behave and bring her a grandson-in-law, and she will be much better. Besides, everyone from the Fan family is here. It wouldn’t be appropriate if you just ran away.”
	“I don’t care that much. All I care about is grandma.” Rose wanted to withdraw her wrist.
	But Joy held on tighter and did not let go at all. “Grandma is at home. She took the medicine and lay down. There is a family doctor at home with her, and Elena is also there. What are you worried about?”
	“If you run back so capriciously and let all of your grandma's hard work go to waste, do you still have face to see grandma? You forgot what grandma said this morning?”
	“Your blind date will only last as long as it takes to have a meal. After you eat and go back, grandma would be awake. Wouldn't it be better for you to talk to her then? Otherwise, what are you going to tell grandma? You want to leave them and run away? Do you want to make her faint again?”
	Although Joy's remarks used her grandma to force Rose, they also made sense.
	It would indeed be in appropriate for her to run away and leave everything behind.
	“Your dad arranged the Fan family upstairs. Don't let them wait too long.” Joy finally let go. She knew that Rose heard her words and calmed down.
	“Let's go.” Rose took a deep breath in secret.
	Only as long as it takes to have a meal – she would end the blind date as soon as possible.
	“Why didn't you listen to grandma and change into a dress?” Joy only noticed Rose's professional attire and was a little speechless. “There is no time to buy clothes now. Let's go quickly.”
	“In fact, this is not bad.” Rose didn't think there was any problem.
	Sometimes the fate between people was not determined by a dress.
	Rose followed Joy upstairs and headed into the first suite on the corner of the second floor.
	Joy opened the door and led Rose into the suite.
	The Fan family and her father Chandler were already sitting at the table and chatted.
	When everyone saw Rose's arrival, their eyes fell on her.
	“Let me introduce, my eldest daughter Rose. Rose, this is Mr. Fan, Mrs. Fan, and their son Timothy.” Chandler stood up.
	“Mr. Fan, Mrs. Fan, hello.” Rose appeared easy-going.
	“Mr. Linder, your daughter is so beautiful and easy-going.” Mrs. Fan praised Rose.
	Joy and Chandler looked at each other. It seemed that their first impression of Rose was very good.
	Indeed, after all, Rose born with a cute face, so many people had liked her since childhood.
	“Thank you for your praises, Mrs. Fan.” Joy said politely. “Rose, young people should sit together so you guys can chat.”
	Rose was arranged to sit next to Timothy, and she smiled politely at Timothy beside her.
	This smile was brilliant in Timothy's eyes, as if the sun was shining. What a stunning woman, even her smile was so touching.
	“He...hello.” Timothy stammered, staring at Rose, who was so beautiful as if she came out of a painting.
	Rose felt that the man's eyes were a little too much, a bit lustful and a bit greedy, which made her feel nauseous.
	It was just that her self-cultivation allowed her to restrain herself well, as she pretended to sit up straight without paying attention.
	However, she could still feel that Timothy's gaze seemed stuck to her body and she couldn't get rid of it.
	The parents of the Linder and the Fan family looked at them, and they seemed very satisfied.
	But Rose didn't really want to meet a man through blind date. She was just here to get things over with because of her grandma.
	Chandler asked the server to bring the dishes, and soon a dazzling array of dishes arrived on the round table.
	“Timothy, pour some wine for Rose.” Mrs. Fan beckoned to her son. “You are a man, so you should take care of the girl.”
	“Mom, I know.” Timothy picked up the red wine and poured it for Rose.
	Chandler invited the Fan family to eat. Rose looked at the table full of food but had no appetite.
	“Timothy, pick up some food for Rose.”
	“Okay, pick up food.” Timothy picked up a piece of chicken wings and placed it in Rose's bowl, and then picked up beef...
	Rose couldn't eat it on-time, and soon there was a hill in the plate in front of her.
	“There’s no need. It’s too much. Why don’t you eat?” Seeing that he was going to pick up more food for her, Rose became a little “panicked”.
	“Rose, eat more.” Timothy chuckled. His gaze as he snuck looks at her body was too perverted.
	Rose lowered her head and took a sip of soup.
	“Kids, don’t just eat. You can chat about anything, hobbies, work, and all that.” Joy saw that Rose had nothing to say and seemed unsatisfied.
	But this was the blind date they carefully arranged for her. How could they give up?
	“Mom, I can't eat anymore, I want to go back to see grandma.” Rose said suddenly, disrupting Joy's plan. “Mr. and Mrs. Fan, I have to take my leave. My grandma is sick at home, and I am very worried. I hope you could understand that my heart is worried.”
	“Mrs. Linder is ill?” The Fans were surprised.
	“Well, she fainted.” Rose continued.
	“There is someone taking care of her at home, don't worry. Rose, why don't you go after dinner.” Joy persuaded Rose, while feeling panicked inside.
	Her ultimate goal had not been achieved yet. How could she feel at ease without ensuring this blind date a success?
	The suite door was pushed open, and Sophie’s cheerful voice came, holding a glass of wine in her hand. “Mom, dad, sister, Mr. and Mrs. Fan, my name is Sophie. I am having dinner next door with Sky. I came over after hearing you guys are here.”
	“Yes, we also attended the wedding of you and Sky.” The Fan parents said.
	“Sister, grandma is okay. She asked me to tell you to dine with Mr. and Mrs. Fan. Don't worry about her.” Sophie raised the wine in her hand to Rose. “Sister, I wish you happiness.”
	Everyone was here. It would be too immature of Rose if she didn’t drink.
	Rose reached out, took the glass from Sophie's hand, and put it down. “This isn’t sincere enough.”
	She took the wine from the table and added some more for Sophie. She handed it back to her and clinked the glasses. “Thank you.”
	Rose drank the wine first while Sophie drank the wine after hesitating for a second. It was just that there was something wrong with her expression yet Rose still caught it.
Chapter 64 Take Me Along
	Rose saw Sophie's panic in her eyes, but she didn't make her move.
	“Since my sister came late, she should be fined one more glass.” Rose picked up the wine and poured it for Sophie.
	Sophie looked at the once again half-full dark red wine, her face was worse than before. “Sister, uncle Fan and everyone won’t mind.”
	“How can my sister be like this? Are you looking down on us by not drinking?” Rose glanced at Timothy beside her.
	Seeing that Rose was embarrassing Sophie, Joy naturally wanted to help her beloved younger daughter. “Rose, your sister can’t drink a lot. Don't persuade her.”
	“Really? I heard that when my sister got married, she drank for the bridegroom. I think it’s my brother-in-law who can’t drink a lot, but my sister can.” Rose came prepared and would not let Sophie off so easily.
	“That...that was a special situation. Everyone knew that Sky’s health wasn’t good, and Sophie felt bad for Sky. She had to take more responsibility. She seldom drinks alcohol otherwise.” Joy explained forcefully.
	“I still remember several times when my sister got drunk at home and cried and made mother feel very distressed.” Rose said what she had seen with her own eyes.
	“Sister, why don't I remember such a thing? You can't talk nonsense about this, it will make uncle and aunt laugh. Besides, today, you are the protagonist, if someone to drink, it should be you and me.” Sophie reached out to the wine to pour some for Rose.
	But Rose stopped her hand and looked at Timothy on the side. “You just had a drink with me to wish me happiness. Shouldn’t you have a drink with Mr. Fan and wish him as well?”
	“Oh, I know my sister is shy, so why don’t Mr. Fan to offer her a drink first?”
	Timothy also stood up, holding a wine glass in his hand and raising it to Sophie, with a complex light flashing across his eyes. “Miss Sophie, I will toast first.”
	He brought the glass to his mouth, and drank it without leaving a drop.
	Sophie bit her lip slightly, and the hand that held the wine glass trembled slightly, but Rose still caught the slight change.
	“Sister, Mr. Fan finished drinking and is waiting for you. You are being rude like this.” Rose's gaze was filled with smile.
	Sophie looked at Rose's smile, but she felt as uncomfortable as being stabbed with a thorn. She couldn't pull it out, but she still felt terrible.
	In the end, Sophie could only drink the glass of wine. Since she drank a little urgently and was in a bad mood, she sat down and felt unwell.
	Joy looked at Sophie as she placed one hand on her stomach and asked with concern. “Are you feeling very unwell?”
	“It's okay.” Sophie shook her head, more because she didn't want to see Rose smile so brilliantly.
	Five years ago, she finally won over Rose and threw this heavenly girl into the pit. Why would she come back five years later? And she came back to compete with her over everything.
	Sophie was not content. She just wanted to push Rose to the bottom of her life once again. She could only be happy and firmly grasp happiness once Rose could no longer get back up.
	While eating, the Fan parents and Linder parents both found excuses to leave. The purpose was to create opportunities for Rose and Timothy.
	Sophie curled her lips and got up to leave but was stopped by Rose. “Sister, I don’t feel well. Can you help me?”
	Rose raised her hand and rubbed her forehead, looking troubled.
	“Why don’t I help?” Timothy took the initiative.
	“I don’t want to bother Mr. Fan. My sister is here.” Rose rejected his kindness.
	Timothy withdrew his hand and glanced at Sophie. “Then I will leave first.”
	A light of craftiness flashed across Sophie's eyes, and she stepped forward to support her. “Sister, why don't I help you go to the lounge inside to take a rest.”
	“Thanks sister.” Rose was a little unstable and half-leaned on Sophie’s body, deliberately pressing herself against Sophie, making her uncomfortable.
	Rose didn't seem to be fat. But Sophie felt that Rose was so heavy that it was very difficult for her to help her walk.
	Sophie complained in her heart until she helped Rose into a separate lounge in the suite, and she sat on the bed.
	Rose collapsed on the big bed and closed her eyes.
	Sophie, who had been spoiled since childhood, was extremely tired even though she didn’t walk a long distance.
	She also sat down on the edge of the bed, flicking her arms while looking at Rose, who was sleeping on the bed. The evil thoughts in her heart grew stronger.
	Sophie moved her arm, stood up, looked at Rose condescendingly and sneered.
	But there were bursts of discomfort from her lower abdomen, as if there was a small flame burning.
	Then it burned vigorously little by little, and there was a gust of heat wandering through Sophie’s body, making her feel thirsty wherever it went.
	This feeling was familiar yet unfamiliar at the same time, making Sophie fluster and short of breath. She stretched out her hand to grab her chest, panting.
	She must leave here. She was about to take a step forward but heard a voice from behind. “Sky…Sky…Don’t go…I know you love me…”
	Sophie recognized that this voice only belonged to Rose. And what did she mean?
	She stared at Rose's slightly closed mouth with red eyes, and she became more irritable and uneasy with her physical discomfort. “Rose, Sky’s name is not for you to call out! Not you!”
	“You can listen to me clearly. The person he loves now is me, and I am his wife.”
	“You are dirty, and you have given birth to someone else's child. He won't love you anymore! No!”
	Sophie screamed with all her strength in the end, but her words did not arouse Rose's reaction at all.
	But she had exhausted her strength. Her knees became weak, her body was weak, and she fell to the ground.
	She was uncomfortable, so uncomfortable. Her whole body started to get hot, her forehead began to sweat, and her face became crimson.
	She was like a fish exposed to the sun on the beach, suffering and uncomfortable.
	She wanted water, water...
	She knelt on the ground, climbed to the side of the coffee table little by little, reached out and took the glass jug to pour water into the glass. Her fingers were weak and trembling, so she knocked over the water. She ended up picking up the jug and drinking it directly with her mouth.
	She drank half a jug of water, but it didn't work. She fell to the ground uncomfortably.
	She...how could she drink that glass of wine. It was Rose's wine that had been drugged, but why was it her who was uncomfortable?
	She stared at the ceiling and blinked weakly.
	At this moment, Rose stretched and got up from the bed. She walked to Sophie's side, glanced at her, and turned to leave without saying anything.
	Seeing that she was about to leave, Sophie spoke with difficulty and stopped her. “Rose, you can't leave me. Take me along.”
Chapter 65 Find Someone to Help You
	Rose looked at Sophie carefully. Now that Sophie sweated a lot, her dress was slightly damp, and her snowy skin was dyed scarlet, like a ripe and attractive peach.
	Sophie's hands have already unbuttoned her upper body, revealing more skin, wanting to dissipate heat, but she didn’t know how tempting she looked.
	“Why should I take you with me?” Rose raised an eyebrow and asked back.
	“I helped you just now.” Sophie looked for a reason for her to help her.
	“Oh, really? I need to take you with me because you helped me?” Rose smiled coldly; her eyes were as calm as water. “Look at what you are now. How can I help you? Grandma is still at home waiting for me to report the result of the blind date, so I will leave first.”
	Rose stepped forward. Sophie bit her lip. “You stop right there!”
	Rose didn't listen to her and took another step.
	“Rose, it’s fine if you don't want to take me with you. Give Sky a call and ask him to come find me.” Sophie placed hope in Sky.
	She knew she was drugged, and her body's reaction was getting stronger. She almost couldn't help but tear her clothes apart.
	As long as Sky came, everything would be fine, and she wouldn't suffer.
	“Are you sure you want me to call Sky? You are not afraid I’ll use your name and ask him to go to other places...such as a hotel or my room…hehe...” Rose's laughter was as crisp as a silver bell.
	“How dare you!” Sophie’s veins almost exploded out of anger when she heard Rose’s words.
	“What’s there for me to be afraid of now?” Rose's eyes gradually froze like ice. “Do you think I am the same Rose, who trusted you entirely, letting you scheme against me?”
	“I didn’t scheme against you. It was your own decision. I didn’t do anything.” Sophie didn't admit that she had played a role in the past, adding fuel to the flame and removing all evidence.
	“Then I suffered as a result of my own actions?” Rose looked at Sophie, who was still unrepentant, and she didn't feel sorry for her at all. “Now you are suffering as a result of your own actions, and I can't help you!”
	Rose's glance like an arrow shot into her heart, making Sophie feel desperate.
	“Rose... I was wrong.” Sophie's attitude softened a little at this time. “It was Sky who didn’t believe you and didn’t listen to your explanation. And I didn’t know about his proposal to me.”
	So she was also kept in the dark and was also a victim?
	She really knew how to free herself from blame and make herself seem innocent.
	“Sophie, you have a good tongue. Don’t you know the reason that he didn’t believe me and didn’t listen to me to explain?” Rose returned and sat on the sofa gracefully.
	She leaned slightly, looking at Sophie lay by her feet. She squinted slightly, and her gaze was cold. “Sophie, free yourself from blame so easily. Just like today, you wanted to use your innocent face to scheme against me. You think you can embarrass me by bringing wine from outside and be safe and sound yourself? Do you think you can drug and ruin me again? Sophie, I don't know whether to call you naive or stupid. You really don’t grow tired of this method!”
	“It's a pity that I'm very wary, and I have learned to observe the details over the years. Your acting was too stupid. You had pride written all over your face. As long as I looked at you a bit more, I wouldn’t get tricked. Sophie, what year is it now, why haven’t you improved a little? It seems that Sky has protected you very well in the past five years. You are indeed a happy little woman.”
	Rose smiled lightly, very soft and beautiful.
	But in Sophie's eyes, Rose was like a devil. Words of Sky and happiness made her scalp numb.
	She thought that it would be impossible for Rose to let her go today. Would it be the end for her?
	“Sister, it was my bad. I lost sight of myself. Please don’t bear petty grudges and please forgive me. If you can help me, I will definitely explain to Sky what happened five years ago when I go back and prove you innocent. Sister, what do you think?” Sophie's eyes were moist as she begged, as if she was sincerely repenting.
	“If you do this, aren’t you afraid that Sky will not want you, your marriage will be broken, and the happiness you wanted will disappear?” Rose reminded her. These were the things she cared about the most.
	“I can only worry about so much now.” Sophie lowered her brows and looked annoyed. “There are some consequences I need to bear.”
	Now, she was in dire straits. If she left here, in such situation, she was afraid that she would pounce on a man as soon as she saw one. Such consequences were not something she could bear.
	She loved Sky so much. She would rather kill herself than lose herself.
	Her body and her heart could only belong to the Sky she loved.
	At the moment, the only way she could get out of the situation was to ask Rose for help. As long as she could overcome this obstacle, she could worry about the future later.
	As long as she didn’t give herself to someone else, there would be a way around everything else.
	“Yes, you should bear the consequences. You don't deserve such happiness.” Rose's words were clear, like a curse, giving Sophie a bad feeling.
	Sophie stared at Rose's delicate and beautiful face. But Rose showed a smile as cold as ice, making Sophie’s blood run cold, all the way to her chest.
	“So I won't help you.” Rose's cherry blossom-like lips let out words that disappointed her. “Sophie, you planted this yourself, so you should accept the result.”
	Rose slowly got up and took out her phone. Sophie grabbed her leg immediately. “Rose, what are you going to do?”
	“I can see that you are very uncomfortable. After thinking about it, I decided to kindly help you find a man. Otherwise, as your sister, I can’t stand watching you suffer…” Rose frowned slightly, looking helpless.
	“Rose, dare you! If you dare to do this, I will never let you off. As long as I'm still alive, I will kill you!” Sophie gritted her teeth with hatred.
	“Well, I'll see if you really have this ability.” Rose kicked off Sophie's hand without mercy as she talked on the phone and walked away. “Is this brother Jones? Introduce me a man with good skills and get him to come here. I don’t want someone handsome, the uglier the better. Of course, skills are the most important...Yes, desperately urgent...”
	Sophie watched Rose disappear outside the lounge door and heard her voice get farther and farther away.
	“Rose, you bastard!” Sophie wanted to move her body out, but she didn't have any strength.
Chapter 66 Let's Meet Again Next Time
	Sophie bit her lip. Not only did she have to endure the growing intensity inside her body, but she also had to suffer the result of Rose scheming against her. She felt as if the pain was going to tear her apart.
	How could her Sophie end up like this? She lay there, feeling as if she had swallowed a bunch of fireballs and her pores were swelling, already hot enough to explode.
	She began to tear up her dress, revealing more and more skin, dazzling white under the light.
	There was light footsteps on the soft carpet. The black shadow moved towards her until it enveloped Sophie.
	Sophie felt the loss of hope, staring at the person casting the shadow above. Her pupils dilated so much as if they were about to crack.
	“Miss Linder, do you need me to help you?” The man said lightly and cheerfully.
	“You...why are you here?” Sophie's chest heaved heavily. “Get out!”
	“Why can't it be me?” Timothy slowly squatted down. “Do you really want me to get out? I think you need me very much now. How could you be willing to let me leave?”
	“I don't need you at all. Get out!” Sophie shouted. “Get out of here.”
	She was afraid that if she could not hold her control and she would pounce on him. If that happened, everything would be over.
	“Sophie, are you still so stiff after all this?” Timothy laughed as he mocked her. He lifted her chin with a finger. “In a moment, I want to see if your mouth is hard or if your bones are hard!”
	“How dare you!” Sophie's eyes were full of disgust towards him.
	“Then open your eyes wide and take a good look at how I destroy your arrogance! Look at how you beg me to love you!” Timothy’s tone was bold and forceful.
	“Beast!” Rose's eyes reddened because of anger.
	“I am a beast? You are soon going to beg the beast!” Being scolded by her made him even angrier.
	“Hiss—" He waved his palm.
	The shattered dress was even more ruined, but Sophie couldn't control her body as it became soft and hot by the flame of desire inside of her.
	“Don't—” Sophie screamed, panicking. “Timothy, please don't do this!”
	“Then what should I do? Leave you the beautiful and attractive Miss Sophie aside – how could I do that? Just let me treat you well.” Timothy's gaze lingered greedily on her collarbone.
	“Timothy, you are going on a blind date with my sister. She is your girlfriend. How can you touch me? I am her younger sister.” Sophie tried to reason with him.
	“Nothing was decided between us yet. She’s not my girlfriend at all.” He snorted coldly.
	“My parents will definitely facilitate this marriage. Marry her to you. She will not only be your girlfriend, but also your wife. You can sleep and hold her however you want.” Sophie assured him.
	“That's what's going to happen later, and now... this is just what I want.” Timothy smiled wickedly.
	“Timothy, my elder sister is single now. If you touch her, it won’t matter, at most my parents will let you be responsible and marry her to you. I am Sky’s wife. I have a husband. If you are disrespectful to me, not only my parents, but even the Tanner family will not let you go. Make sure you think clearly.” Sophie mentioned the Linder and the Tanner family to warn Timothy not to make the wrong choice.
	“I thought it would be nice to get the elder sister if I can’t get the younger sister, but she left without a problem. The younger sister stayed. It seems God already knew my thoughts and knew that the person I really wanted is you, so he gave me such a surprise arrangement. How can I reject the love of God, you see?” Timothy looked and took a deep breath. The fragrance from her moved him. “I want to try Mrs. Tanner and see how delicious she tastes like.”
	He has coveted Sophie for a long time and has used many methods to get close to her, but Sophie always refused him, not giving him a chance. She even scolded him and said that it was truly wishful thinking.
	Sophie was pretentious and always satirized him.
	Later, Sophie married Sky, which made him even unhappier. What was good about that sick man? How come she got married to that sick man instead of him, Timothy?
	Revenge gradually filled Timothy's heart, and here came the opportunity.
	He must let her know how wishful thinking turned into reality.
	Timothy stretched out his long arms, bypassing the back of her neck and under her knees, and picked her up and walked to the big bed.
	Sophie was terrified but had to weakly rely on him. “Timothy, I’m giving you one last chance and you can still regret what you did. Otherwise, Sky will not let you off!”
	“Do you dare to tell Sky about such a scandal? You’d only want to hide it. You shouldn’t force yourself; your body will not be able to stand it. I feel bad.” Timothy put her on the bed and became a little impatient.
	Sophie wanted to struggle but did not have the power to. When Timothy pressed against her, the flame in her body crushed the last bit of reason.
	Timothy bent and grabbed the soft lips he had longed for, and began to plunder Sophie endlessly.
	It was as if a century had passed and the stormed calmed…
	Timothy got up from the bed contentedly, looking at the red marks on Sophie’s snowy skin with satisfaction. “Sophie, wishful thinking turned into reality.”
	Sophie sat on the bed and held onto the quilt tightly, wrapping her up. Her hair was messy and her body was spotty. She was no more elegant as before.
	Her eyes were red. “Timothy, I won't let you off!”
	“I won't let you off, Mrs. Tanner. Let’s meet again next time—” Timothy said proudly as he wore his shirt.
	“No next time!” Sophie interrupted him sharply.
	“You will, how can your sick husband satisfy you. Am I not stronger than him? You were very enthusiastic towards me just now.” Timothy mocked Sky endlessly. He pointed to the scratches on both sides of his ribs. “You see, this is proof of your love for me.”
	“Shut up!” Sophie picked up the pillow and slammed it at Timothy. “I only love Sky. He is better than you!”
	“It doesn't matter. There’ll be plenty of time in the future.” Timothy was in a very good mood now, and he didn’t care too much about her. “See you next time.”
	He picked up the phone and left.
	Sophie looked at the messy bed, and then herself covered with scars, recalling her shameless cries when she was in Timothy’s arms…
	She held tight the quilt and started crying...
	Her happiness was torn apart by Timothy and Rose. She hated them!
Chapter 67 What's Wrong
	Rose returned to the Linder family villa and went straight to Jennifer’s room.
	Jennifer was already awake and leaned on the bedside, drinking from a glass. She saw Rose open the door.
	“My Rose is back.” Jennifer’s kind-eyed, smiling face was full of deep folds, but she was so beautiful under the light.
	Rose rushed into Jennifer’s arms, hugged her, buzzing. “Grandma.”
	The little girl's puppy dog eyes in her tone made her grandma love her even more.
	“What's wrong with you?” Jennifer saw that Rose was acting like a child. “Were you bullied by the kid from the Fan family during dinner?”
	“Grandma, who can bully me when you are here?” Rose took control over her somewhat complicated emotions and withdrew from her grandma's arms, sitting upright. “Why did you faint?”
	“Grandma is too old and is not of use anymore.” Jennifer comforted Rose. “But don't worry too much. People’s health gets worse as they age.”
	“Grandma, you must take good care of yourself.” Rose added in her heart, I only have you and Doris.
	“Grandma definitely will. Grandma hasn't seen you get married and have children yet. How can grandma rest assured?” Jennifer smiled and took Rose's hand. “Grandma has to find a beloved person for you to rely on. Only then will grandma have the face to see your grandfather after closing her eyes.”
	“Grandma, you will live a long life.” Rose looked at Jennifer’s thin face and silently prayed for her and wished her good health. “Then won’t I become an old witch? haha...” Jennifer tried to joke.
	Rose also smiled. “Even so, grandma is the most beautiful one.”
	“What a sweet mouth. You make grandma really happy in her heart.” Jennifer stared at Rose carefully with the warm light of the lamp. “What's your impression of the Fan family's kid? How was your conversation? Do you have any feelings? Can you guys start with being friends?”
	Jennifer asked several questions in a row, which made Rose a little bit overwhelmed.
	“Grandma, can I tell the truth?”
	“Of course, although grandma really wants you to get married and have children, your feelings are the most important. Grandma still respects you. If this one is not good, we have other good men to try.”
	“Grandma, I felt that Mr. Fan was very perverted, especially the look in his eyes made me really uncomfortable. He is too greasy. Anyway, I don't think he is as good as grandma said.” Rose elaborated on her first impression of Timothy while observing Jennifer’s expression.
	Jennifer listened very carefully, and the more she heard, the more she frowned. “How could this be? I have seen the Fan family’s kid. He is tall and handsome. He speaks politely and does things well. How could he be the way you said? That’s totally two different people.”
	Jennifer was contemplative, thinking about the reason.
	“Could it be that when he saw me, he pretended to be polite and self-cultivated? He wanted to fool an old woman like me? A fair face may hide a foul heart!” Grandma came to this conclusion after thinking for a while and spoke angrily. “I'm going to ask the old lady of the Fan family about the situation. How could they deceive us?”
	“Grandma, don't be angry, maybe I feel wrong. We won't see this person in the future, so don't go to grandma Fan.” Rose persuaded Jennifer not to reason for her and not to hurt their relationship.
	“Grandma believes that you don’t misread people. We can't be bullied by them for nothing.” Jennifer didn’t want to let go.
	Rose couldn't dissuade her grandma. She could only watch her call grandma Fan, with sullen look on her face.
	“Hey, Sherry, you said that your grandson is handsome, tall, polite, and has a good character, but today he was totally different from how you described him. What’s going on?” Jennifer controlled her emotions and asked kindly.
	“How come? How can my little grandson be so bad as you say?” Sherry denied over the line. “And my grandson hasn’t come home yet. Where did you hear about him being bad?”
	“Not home?” Jennifer looked at Rose suspiciously. “Didn't they go home after the meal? Did he go to his friends? My granddaughter has been back for a while.”
	“No. I asked him to come back after dinner and tell me. He listens to me the most...Mark, are you back?” Sherry, who was on the phone, saw her grandson walk into the living room, and then spoke to Jennifer. “I’ll call you back after I ask him about the situation.”
	Sherry hung up the phone and waved to her eldest grandson, Mark. “Come here, grandma has something to ask you. It's very important.”
	Mark had to walk over and sit on the single-person sofa. “Grandma, did you want to ask about the blind date?”
	“Yes, she is the granddaughter of grandma Linder, a good sister of your grandma. How did it feel to have dinner with her today? I heard that she is pretty.” Sherry raised an eyebrow slightly.
	Mark pursed his lips, just staring at Sherry.
	“What kind of expression are you showing? Are you satisfied or dissatisfied? Say something.” Sherry was anxious.
	“Grandma, I don't want to talk badly about people.” He replied.
	“If you tell the truth, you are not saying bad things about people.” Her grandson was too serious.
	Mark hesitated again and spoke. “The other party changed the place temporarily. I waited there for more than an hour, but she never showed up. I ordered a meal by myself and drove back slowly.”
	“Didn't show up? How could that be possible, perhaps you didn't find the right place?”
	“No.” He promised that he heard it right. “So grandma, blind dates aren’t unreliable. Don't bother with this again. I don't want to either. Everything is possible when fate arrives. Grandma, I'm tired, so I’m going upstairs to rest.”
	“Mark...” Sherry looked at the figure of her grandson heading upstairs, and she was also very puzzled. “What the hell is going on? Who is lying?”
	Sherry also analyzed for a while and came to a conclusion that the other party must have ruined this blind date and she slandered her good grandson. She wanted to get justice for her grandson.
	She called Jennifer back. “Jennifer, I introduced my precious grandson to you only because of your granddaughter, but your granddaughter never went! Besides, she went home and told you bad things about my little grandson? I tell you I seriously refuse to accept what you said!”
	“My Rose is not this kind of person!” Jennifer retorted. “Your grandson is talking nonsense. He obviously saw someone, yet he said she didn’t go. It can be seen that his character is not very good!”
	“Why did she temporarily change from Country Hotel to Four Seasons Hotel?” Sherry snorted coldly. “You don’t accept it; I don’t accept it either! You want to slander my grandson, that’s not going to happen!”
	“I don’t even more!” Jennifer and Sherry quarreled to protect their babies. “Your little Mark really is despicable!”
	“Grandma, what is the name of Grandma Fan's grandson?” Rose felt something was wrong when she heard how Sherry referred to her grandson.
Chapter 68 Uncovering a Scam
	“What's the matter?” Jennifer asked. “Did he not even introduce himself? How could he be so ungentlemanly.”
	“No, I met the person at Country Hotel. His parents were with him. He said that his name is Timothy.” Rose put on a serious face.
	Jennifer believed in every word of her granddaughter. “Timothy is also grandma Fan's grandson, but the son of her younger son. She introduced her eldest grandson named Mark, the child of her eldest son. And his parents seem to have passed away.”
	Rose's apricot-like eyes widened, with her hair standing on end. She seemed to have guessed something.
	“Grandma, press on the hands-free button. I have something to tell grandma Fan.” Rose stretched out her hand to Jennifer.
	Jennifer gave the phone to Rose, and she clicked on the hands-free icon.
	“Grandma Fan, I think we were all deceived.” Rose tried to clear her thoughts.
	“What's the matter, the Linder family's granddaughter? How could we be deceived?” Sherry was a little confused when she heard this.
	“You all listen to me.” Rose organized her words. “Grandma Fan, do you have a grandson named Timothy?”
	“Yes. It’s just that this grandson can’t compare to Mark at all. He always thinks in crooked ways. I don’t like it.”
	“Today I went to Country Hotel, but it was him who was there for my blind date, not your eldest grandson, Mark. I did not change the location to Four Seasons Hotel. If I was right, my parents and Timothy’s parents must have done this together. As for the purpose, I am temporarily unclear about it.”
	It wasn’t that she was unclear, she just didn’t want to say it in fear of making her grandma sad and her grandma’s sickness worsen.
	Her parents definitely didn't want her to marry the excellent grandson of the Fan family, Mark, so they asked Timothy to replace him.
	Of course, Sophie wasn’t free of blame either. Otherwise, how could she appear at such a suitable time and scheme against her again.
	Timothy was not a serious kid at first glance. His eyes were those of a pervert – he must be a Lothario!
	Naturally, he would not refuse this kind of thing, and he would not suffer any loss if he could get one.
	“It turned out to be like this?” The two grandmothers felt a sudden realization.
	Then they were all angry again. “I’m going to deal with them.”
	After the call was over, it was impossible for Jennifer not to be angry. The blind date she arranged was disturbed by her good son and daughter-in-law.
	Jennifer squeezed the quilt with one hand and wanted to lift it but was stopped by Rose. “Grandma, your body is more important. It's okay for me to be wronged.”
	“If you don't want me to find them, then tell them to come in.” Jennifer was definitely not going to let her be wronged. “You choose.”
	Rose had no choice but to stand up and call Chandler and Joy because she didn’t want to trouble her grandma too much.
	When Chandler and Joy came in, they didn't notice anything wrong.
	“Mom, since you are in poor health, you should rest more. We can meet tomorrow if you want to chat.”
	“Did you guys play a role in making Timothy, the spoiled grandson of the Fan family, have a blind date with Rose? Don’t you know what kind of man he is? What kind of parents are you that you were so cruel to your daughter?” Jennifer coughed twice as she spoke.
	Rose handed over a glass of water while stroking her grandma's back to calm her.
	“Mom, you misunderstood us. What's so good about Mark? He doesn't even have parents. How long can Mrs. Fan protect him? If Rose married him, I'm afraid she won't be able to compete for anything in the future. There is nothing wrong with Timothy. He just likes having fun, and the Fan family is going to fall into his hands one day. Rose would not endure hardship by following him. We are all thinking about Rose.”
	“Then are you suggesting that I am too old that I can’t think clearly? I'm hurting Rose?”
	“Mom, you shouldn’t say that. We are all doing it for Rose’s sake, but everyone's thoughts and choices are different.”
	“You are really good at finding excuses. You think I wouldn’t know what the hell you are thinking? Stop fooling me around. From now on, no one is allowed to intervene in Rose’s blind dates. I won’t let you off if anyone of the two of you dare to!” Jennifer warned them sharply. “Leave, I don't want to see you.”
	Jennifer tilted her head inward and closed her eyes.
	What the couple did has made Jennifer bitterly disappointed.
	Joy twitched her lips, turned and left.
	Seeing that Jennifer was angry, Chandler stepped forward. “Mom, it’s your health that would get worse if you are angry. We really want Rose to have a good future.”
	Jennifer grabbed the cup on the table and slammed it at Chandler. The cup hit his left shoulder and broke when it hit the ground.
	“Roll—” Chandler squinted his eyes in pain. He didn’t expect his mother to be this furious.
	He held onto his shoulders and walked away embarrassedly.
	Rose sat down by the bed and stretched out her hand to caress her grandma's heaving chest. “Grandma, you promised to not be angry. If you get hurt because you were angry for my sake, what am I going to do?”
	“Grandma is all right.” Jennifer leaned on the soft pillow and shook her head left and right. “As long as you give grandma a great-grandson, grandma won’t be angry anymore.”
	Rose and Jennifer’s gaze met. The grandma and granddaughter looked at each other carefully and smiled.
	“Grandma, would you be happy if I said you already have a great-granddaughter?” Rose followed Jennifer’s topic and shifted the focus to Doris.
	She had always wanted to find a suitable time to tell her grandma, and she also wanted to slowly pave the way for her to be mentally prepared. But since they arrived at the topic today, she didn’t want to escape anymore.
	She felt bad leaving Doris at Nora’s place. It used to be Jane and it was Nora, yet she couldn’t fulfill her responsibility of staying by Doris’ side as her mother.
	If Doris came back to this home, she didn’t need to be separated from her.
	And she must tell her grandma about this matter personally. She couldn’t let her hear about Doris from other people.
	When she returned to City H, she never thought about hiding Doris from her grandma.
	“Of course, I would be happy, but you didn't even get married. Where is my great-granddaughter going to come from to make me happy?” Jennifer gave a disappointed smile.
	“Grandma, I have a five-year-old daughter named Doris.” Rose was frank, looking very serious.
	“…” Jennifer was stunned by her appearance, and then she shook her head. “Don't try to make me happy. Then tell me, who are you married to? Where is the child's father? Why are you only one back?”
	“Grandma, Doris’ father is not there.” Rose picked up the phone, clicked on the phone's photo album, and selected the photos of Doris to show to Jennifer. “Grandma, this is your great granddaughter. Grandma, I'm sorry...”
Chapter 69 The Proper Reason
	“So this is the reason you didn’t want to go on a blind date.” Jennifer saw through the cause and effect at a glance.
	Rose knew she was wrong. She bent and dared not look at her grandma.
	“I shouldn't be hiding it from you, but I didn't know how to tell you yet.”
	“Rose, how did you live these years? Did you never go abroad at all?” Jennifer felt sorry for her granddaughter.
	“Grandma, I had a bit of hardship at first, but there were still many good people in this world, so I had a good time with Doris.” Rose recalled the days when she lived with Doris, feeling painful yet happy.
	Jennifer took the phone and looked at the pink little girl in the photo with two tall pony-tails on her head, a white skirt, and a red belt tied into a bow. White long-legged socks, small leather shoes, and pouted lips made her look very cute.
	“Is this really your daughter?” Jennifer’s wrinkled palm slowly stroked the photos. She still felt it unreal.
	“Yes. Isn't she cute?” Rose looked at the photo next to her grandma.
	“She’s exactly the same as when you were a kid.” The cloud of anger on Jennifer’s face disappeared at this moment, and she smiled.
	“So grandma is not mad at me for the sake of Doris?” Rose tried to please her grandma.
	“How can it be that easy? You have been hiding something so big from your grandma for five years! I missed out five years of time with Doris! These five years, who will give me them back to me?” Jennifer pretended to be angry with a stern face.
	“Grandma, I will bring you Doris tomorrow. Take a good look. Will you take a closer look?” Rose linked arms with her grandma. She started to act like a lovely child again.
	“Yeah, you came back all by yourself, so what about Doris? You left her in City Y by herself? Who will take care of her? Aren’t you worried? What kind of mother are you?” Jennifer sighed, expressing her anxiety.
	“Grandma, don't worry, I have already taken Doris to City H. She is at Nora’s place. She eats well and has fun and sleeps well.” Rose had a video call with Doris before going to bed last night.
	“With the Cooper girl?” Jennifer turned to look at Rose beside her. “Then you go and pick her up now. How can our family’s child live at someone else’ place?”
	“Grandma, it’s quite late. Children go to bed early, so we can't just go and wake her up.” Rose showed the time to Jennifer. “Plus, you just fainted today, and your complexion and you haven't recovered. Have a good night’s sleep today, and you’ll be refreshed. Tomorrow I will definitely bring you Doris to let you see her.”
	Jennifer thought that Rose was right. Her poor complexion might scare the child.
	Although she had a strong desire to see the child, she could only bear with it.
	“Okay, lie down and sleep well.” Rose helped her grandma, laid the soft pillow flat, and let her lie down. “I will be with you.”
	“Rose, who is Doris’ father?” Jennifer was still curious. “Is he really gone?”
	“Grandma, he is just an ordinary person. When we were preparing to get married, we discovered that he was in the late stage of illness. He didn't want to burden me, so we didn’t get the certificate. He passed away, and at that time, I was just pregnant with Doris.” Rose made up a white lie to comfort her grandma.
	But Bright's face floated in her mind, which made her feel very guilty.
	She could only say sorry in her heart. She was just talking nonsense that shouldn’t be taken seriously.
	“I didn't elaborate on this matter for Doris. I just said that her father became the biggest and brightest star in the sky.”
	Jennifer understood this was how adults always coaxed children. “You’ve really suffered.”
	“Grandma, I didn’t suffer. I am really content having you and Doris with me.” This was what Rose felt like in her heart.
	Jennifer fell asleep. Rose withdrew from the bedroom and opened the door.
	She went back to the bedroom upstairs and took her pajamas to take a shower.
	She was so comfortable after taking a bath that she was energetic and just lay in bed when her phone rang.
	She picked up the phone, and it turned out to be Bright.
	They hadn't been in touch for a long time since the last time they were in a conflict because of Doris.
	“Mr. Lee, hello.” Rose maintained her usual brisk tone. “Do you need anything?”
	“Ms. Linder, you’ve seen the news, right?” Bright's voice was faint.
	“Yeah.” She said softly, not knowing what he meant.
	“About the last time my father said he wanted to invite your parents to dinner – have you thought about it?” What Bright said was like an atomic bomb to Rose’s heart, so powerful that she was shocked to the point that she couldn’t recover.
	“Mr. Lee, we are just a fake couple. How can we let our parents have a meal together?” Rose touched her forehead in pain. “I also said that I’ll only help you once. Please resolve the problem of our parents dining together by yourself, Mr. Lee.”
	Her tone became bold and she refused strongly.
	“Ms. Linder, you weren't helping me last time. We were in a cooperative relationship of helping each other.” Bright's voice corrected her loudly. “You helped me solve the problem on my father's side, and I helped you solve the danger of you being exposed. Besides, you also a daughter, if it involved her... I think that would be the last thing you want to see. So in general, I helped you more than you helped me.”
	“Mr. Lee, since you know that my daughter is my bottom line, then you should know that if you dare to hurt her, I will not let you off even if I need to risk my life.” This was her warning to him.
	Although she did not believe that Bright would hurt Doris, she also did not want to be controlled by him all the time, and she did not want to get involved with him and worry every day about losing Doris.
	“Is Ms. Linder angry?” Bright felt it through the phone.
	“I suggest that Mr. Lee find the real Mrs. Lee and go back and apologize to the head of the Lee family. Why make things difficult for an ordinary person like me?” Rose relaxed her tone.
	“It seems that Miss Linder really won't be there?” Bright curled his lips. He already had an answer in his heart, but he still wanted to ask once.
	“Yes, I won't be there.” Rose affirmed. “Because such a lie will one day be exposed. It's better to treat your family with honesty and a better attitude. Elder Mr. Lee will not blame you anymore.”
	“It seems that I have to give you a proper reason to be there.” Bright said playfully, making Rose uneasy.
	“Mr. Lee, what do you want to do? Or what reason do you have to make me attend?” She felt her heartbeat quicken.
Chapter 70 I Have a lot of Time for You
	Rose didn't know why her heart was beating so fast. It was not a feeling of love, but a feeling of fear.
	She really didn't understand what Bright wanted to do and why he had to do it.
	Obviously, He had a real Mrs. Lee. Why couldn’t he invite her out to see his parents? Instead, he made her pretend and now he wanted her to continue faking it?
	He could continue acting, but she couldn’t anymore!
	“Mr. Lee, I told you last time that I am married—” Rose was interrupted by him before she finished speaking. He heard Bright's low and magnetic voice. “Ms. Linder, don't mention the person who turned into a star.”
	“...” Rose rolled her eyes indecently. “I mean it, whether you believe it or not.”
	“I believe it, and I even know who he is.” Bright followed her words but made Rose more nervous.
	He actually knew who her mysterious husband was?
	Rose's eyebrows furrowed gently, like thin creases on white lily petals. “You investigated me again?”
	The thought of Bright using his power to invade her privacy made her feel disgusted.
	Could people with money and power play like this?
	In front of him, she was like a transparent person who had been stripped naked by him. She had been seen by him, so she had no privacy at all.
	“Ms. Linder, I don't investigate everyone, and there are some things that do not require me to investigate.” Bright explained indirectly that he did not investigate her at all.
	Rose didn’t entirely believe Bright's words. If he didn't investigate, how could he know who her husband was?
	Or was he bluffing?
	“Ms. Linder can't say who your husband is. Perhaps you’ve never met your husband? You don't want to know who he is?” He continued asking her when he didn’t get a response.
	“No.” Rose affirmed.
	Anyway, it wouldn’t be long before they divorced. She and her husband were legally related. It was a contractual relationship between her and her husband, without feelings and children.
	She really wanted to find out who that person was before divorcing.
	“Ms. Linder is really straightforward. If your husband knew, don’t you think he would be sad.” Bright sighed lightly, as if he was feeling sorry for Rose's husband. “Ms. Linder is really cruel.”
	“Mr. Lee, this is my business and has nothing to do with you. And this kind of thing is not something you can interfere with as an outsider. I hope you can stop.” Rose really didn’t feel cruel. How could it hurt when there were no feelings?
	“I've made it clear. If there is nothing else, that's it. I'm sleepy.” Rose wanted to rest early. She needed to devote herself to work tomorrow.
	“Alright, we will discuss when we meet again tomorrow.” Bright nodded lightly and didn't mind Rose's cold rejection.
	“See you tomorrow?” Rose raised her voice. “Mr. Lee, don't you understand?”
	Then what was the point of everything she just said?
	Or perhaps he, Bright, simply had a brain problem. Then how did he manage a huge company like HY Group?”
	“If you are in a hurry, we can meet and discuss right now.” Bright said, sounding overwhelming, as if everything was in his control.
	“Where are you?” Rose got up and ran to the balcony outside the floor-to-ceiling windows to look away, fearing that he would drive to her house again like last time.
	It was night, the lights were dim and the shadows of the trees were mottled...as if no one was there.
	“It doesn’t matter where I am. What’s important is that as long as you want to see me now, I will appear right away. For you, I have a lot of time. We can talk slowly.”
	Oh my! Was this what the cold Bright said?
	He usually didn’t look like the socializing type, but now he made her weak with his words.
	The person talking to her on the other side was probably a fake Bright.
	His words really made her unable to answer... she didn't even notice that her bright white ears were tinted with a light crimson.
	“Rose? Asleep?” She hadn't spoken for a long time, and he called her.
	Rose was worried about how to answer his words. Suddenly, her eyes turned slightly, and she moved the phone away from her ears before speaking. “Hello...hello? Mr. Lee, what did you say...hello... the signal is not good...”
	Then she clicked the end of the call button and turned off the phone.
	Hugh…
	She held the phone in front of her chest and exhaled nervously, his soft words still echoing in her ears.
	The corners of her lips curled slightly, and then she put on a straight face, hum, she didn't want to see him and wished him could stay as far away as possible.
	He couldn't call her now. She had to sleep well and planned to worry about everything else tomorrow.
	Rose closed the floor-to-ceiling windows and returned to the room, went to bed and turned off the lights.
	There were still many things to do tomorrow...
	Early the next morning, while eating breakfast, Joy received a call. Because of what the other party said, her expression changed and the spoon in her hand fell into the porridge bowl in front of her with a “clink”, splashing the porridge out.
	“Don't worry, I'll come right away.” Joy quickly pushed aside the chair and got up, but accidentally kicked her foot, which made her gritted her teeth in pain.
	Chandler looked at Joy in a panic: “What are you doing? What happened?”
	“You come with me.” Joy pulled up Chandler.
	“I haven't finished my meal yet.” Chandler took a bite of the bun in his hand.
	“What else do you care about besides eating, hurry up.” Joy grabbed the half of the bun in his hand and glanced in Rose’s direction without a trace.
	Chandler got up and picked up the stolen bun and put it in his mouth, leaving with Joy reluctantly.
	After they left, Jennifer finally spoke. “What can make them panicked like that.”
	“Grandma, there are some things we can't control. We just need to be happy every day.” Rose just took a look at Joy and was more or less clear in her heart that it was about Sophie.
	It seemed that something must have happened to Sophie, otherwise Joy would not panic like that.
	“Well, you must remember to bring Doris back to me today.” Jennifer reminded her.
	“Okay. I'll go to Nora’s place after work.” Rose remembered. She also wanted Doris to be by her side as soon as possible.
	“Why don't you ask for a leave today, go now, I want to see Doris immediately.” Jennifer was worried.
	“Grandma, it won’t be appropriate to ask for a leave after I just went to work for a day, right?” Rose said, as if her grandma was making things difficult for her. “It's just a few hours anyway. Just bear with it a little bit.”
	Jennifer could only sigh lightly and replied cutely. “Okay, then.”
	Rose kissed her grandma's face and then picked up her purse and went to work.
	As soon as she walked out of the gate of Linder's villa, she saw a black Bentley car parked there.
	What in front of her seemed familiar.
Chapter 71 Dating Is Allowed in the Company
	Rose took a deep breath to calm down. Maybe the car parked here was someone else’s, not for her.
	She pulled the belt of the tote bag, looked forward and walked ahead.
	“Ms. Linder, please wait for a while.”Suddenly a familiar voice appeared behind her.
	Rose froze, turned around slowly and a smile appeared around the corners of her mouth, “Hey, Bill. How coincident. Why are you here?”
	“It’s not a coincidence. I’m waiting for you.” He replied frankly.
	“Waiting for me? What’s up?”
	Rose’s eyes moved slightly. She quickly glanced at the inner side of the car, trying to make sure whether Brightwas inside by seeing through the dark glass window.
	The car window was slowly rolled down and no one was inside.
	Bill’s act obviously indicated that he understood what she was worried about. He said, “Mr. Lee isn’t here.”
	It couldn’t be better. Rose got relieved.
	But Bright couldn’t disengage himself. A CEO’s special assistant was unlikely to wait for a small potato like her.
	Yesterday she hung up the call from Bright at the excuse of bad signal. She was sure that he would trouble her.
	It never happened to her that Bright sought revenge for the smallest grievance. He arranged his assistant to block her in such an early morning. Did he mean to make her work in a bad mood for the whole day?
	“Bill, tell me what Mr. Lee wants you to do here.” She faced the reality, trying to figure out how he would “torture” her.
	“Mr. Lee arranges me to pick you to work.” While talking, Bill walked to the other side of the car and respectfully opened the back door, “Ms. Linder, please get on the car.”
	“…” Rose’s eyes flashed and her smile froze.
	She showed disrespect to Bright, but he returned her the highest courteous reception. Bill was arranged to pick her up. How flattered she felt!
	“Ms. Linder, you didn’t mishear. Please get into the car.” Bill seemed to see through her.
	“Bill, it’s unnecessary. You can get back to your own business. I can go to work myself.” Being a driver really wasted his talent.
	She turned around to leave, but Bill stopped her, “Ms. Linder, please don’t put me in a pickle. I’m worried about Mr. Lee’s blame. He said if I couldn’t deal with such a petty thing, Zimbabwe was my destination.”
	“…” Rose frowned. Was it so exaggerating?
	“Ms. Linder, if I am sent to Zimbabwe, my wife might get divorced with me…” Bill said pitifully, “You are such a beautiful and kind lady. I’m sure you won’t be so hardhearted.”
	The words made Rose feel if she didn’t cooperate with him, she would be a sinner.
	She had no choice but get on the car. Bill closed the door and became as happy as a fool when turning around.
	He sat on the driving seat and drove away happily. He sent her to the branch office of YM Group in City H.
	He got off the car and respectfully opened the door for her again. Rose got off. She smiled and nodded, “Thank you, Bill.”
	“Ms. Linder, I’ll pick you up here at 5.” He smiled at her.
	“Not necessarily. I’ve something else to do after work.” She would pick up Doris from Nora, or Grandma would get angry.
	“No worries. I’ll do it for you.” After a pause, he continued, “Mr. Lee invites you for dinner tonight.”
	“I really have something to do.” She felt vexed as soon as she heard his name.
	“He is sincere. Ms. Linder, please show your mercy on me. Even if you wanna refuse the invitation, please tell him in person, or I…” Bill shrugged his shoulders, making a pitiful face.
	Rose was defeated.
	“Ms. Linder, see you at 5.”
	Rose entered the company. As soon as she went into the lift, she saw Matthew who looked like an urban elite and sent out the charm of a middle-aged man.
	“Morning, Mr. Sue.”
	“Morning, Ms. Linder.” He pushed the glasses on the nose with a long finger, “Just now I saw you getting off from the car in front of the company. Is it your husband?”
	“No. He’s a friend.” She explained, “He sent me here on the way.”
	“Don’t worry. Dating is allowed in our company.” Matthew smiled faintly, thinking she was too nervous.
	Rose looked at him, giving a slight smile and trying to relax herself.
	She only wanted to work hard and live a good life with Grandma and Doris. Also she wanted the people who owed her repaid a debt as well.
	Such as Sophie who plotted against her over and over. She wouldn’t let Sophie go.
	This morning the call Joy received was from Sophie.
	She stayed in an unimpressive hotel. When Joy arrived, she jumped into Joy’s arms, crying.
	“Mum, mum… what can I do? What can I do?” She held Joy tightly and the fingers clasped on Joy’s back.
	Joy was painful, but she kept patting on her back and comforted Sophie, “Don’t cry. Tell me what’s happened?”
	Sophie gradually stopped crying and retreated from Joy’s arms, “Mum, I, I was raped by Timothy, purr…”
	“Rape” was like a sharp knife cutting into Sophie’s throat, making her so painful that she cried again.
	“What?” Joy’s eyes widened in shock. She couldn’t believe it for a long while. “Why did it happen? Haven’t we planned? We replaced Mark with Timothy and then fed Rose the drug to make them have sex. After that, we took the picture of it as proof to make Timothy marry her. As long as she got married, she wouldn’t stay in our house. We would live a life as before. We wouldn’t need to see her anymore.”
	This was Joy’s solution to make Rose disappear from the Linder family.
	They didn’t hope Rose would marry up, so they contrived the plan. To their surprise, it reversed. Her cherished daughter was raped by Timothy while Rose was safe.
	They had looked down upon Rose!
	“Mum, it’s Rose’s fault. She is so wicked. I’m very anxious to scoop out her heart and drink her blood! Or I can’t swallow!” She wore tears in her eyes, looking resentful.
	“Who else knows it?” Joy asked her calmly?
	“No one else except Timothy and me.”
	“What about Rose?”
	“Timothy didn’t arrive until she left. And the bitch asked a pimp to rape me…” Although it failed, she was still raped by Timothy.
	“So you stayed here the whole night?” Joy looked around the hotel and found it really bad.
	“I didn’t dare to go home. I called Sky and told him I was staying with you at home.” She rolled the sleeves and patches of bruises were found on her arms, “Mum, I can’t see him for a week. If he finds it, I’m done…”
Chapter 72 Hold On
	Seeing the shocking bruises on Sophie’s arms, Joy just felt extremely angry. She nearly bit her teeth.
	Timothy was such a pervert. He left so many marks.
	“Mum, go to City G with me, ok? I told Sky that you would travel there with me. Then I could avoid seeing him. The bruises will disappear in one week.” She pulled Joy’s hands.
	“We can do nothing else.” Joy sighed. They should be played by Rose.
	“But I won’t let Rose and Timothy off!” Sophie bit her lip and the anger made her upset.
	“Let’s leave here. We have to give the matter further thought. We should be cautious next time!” Joy came to realize that Rose was no easy to be played.
	“Mum, please help me. Don’t abandon me.”
	“Of course.”
	“Thank you, mum, I love you.”
	Joy nodded and helped Sophie dress up herself and they left.
	She booked the flight ticket on the Internet, preparing to leave City H in the shortest time to escape the crisis.
	But the name of Rose became a needle stabbing deeper in Sophie’s heart that she couldn’t even have a sound sleep.
	On the contrary, Rose gradually got used to the work life in the company and she got along well with the colleagues.
	She spent the whole morning attending the meeting, focused on and learned about the progress of City J Theater.
	She worked happily the whole day. She didn’t remember the nightmare until she saw Bill’s car in front of the company.
	She stood there, looked at smiling Bill and felt it disturbing.
	“Ms. Linder’s pursuer is so considerate.” Matthew appeared behind her.
	“Mr. Sue…” Rose looked aside at Matthew, “We’re only friends.”
	“Have a good day. See you tomorrow.” He seemed to ignore her words and strode away.
	Rose felt she couldn’t explain the situation clearly even if she had 100 mouths.
	She came up to Bill. Bill opened the door and made a gesture of invitation, “Ms. Linder, Mr. Lee has made a reservation in the restaurant.”
	That was to say she couldn’t refuse him.
	Just then her phone rang. It was CEO Dong’s call. He asked her to well treat Bright as he was the biggest customer of their company.
	Since the boss had said so, what could she say?
	“Please drive me there.”
	She sat in the car reluctantly and Bill focused on driving.
	The car drove stably for a while. Rose looked at the views outside the window and said absently, “Bill, the colleagues in my company think you’re pursuing me…”
	“Ahem- -”
	Bill jammed on the brakes suddenly. The faction between the wheels and the ground made a harsh noise as if he was torturing Rose’s eardrums.
	“Ms. Linder, don’t make such kind of jokes.” Bill faked a smile. He felt he was sweating on the back.
	If Mr. Lee knew it, he was likely to be killed.
	She was the woman Mr. Lee liked. Even if he had enough courage, he didn’t dare to pursue her unless he wanted to commit suicide.
	“I didn’t say so, but my colleagues. It’s impossible to shut their mouths. Do you know what to do?” She smiled innocently but the implication was that he’d better get away and not be around her.
	“Thank you. I remember it.” He restarted the car.
	Finally, Bill drove Rose to somewhere tranquil.
	He took a paper bag from the trunk and gave it to Rose.
	At the first sight, she recognized it was a famous brand for women, “What do you mean?”
	Bill looked Rose who wore professionally up and down, “Don’t you need to change the clothes?”
	All women were anxious to dress in bright and cheery colors to get Bright’s one more look.
	She looked at herself, “I’m fine. Is there anything wrong?”
	“You’d better dress formally so you’ll be prettier.” Bill suggested, “Ms. Linder, please seize the time. Mr. Lee doesn’t like people being late.”
	Rose thought it was really troublesome to change clothes for a meal.
	But she took the bag and put on the dress on the car. It was a slim dress with simple tailoring and the tassels made it girlie. When she got off the car, she amazed Bill.
	What came into her sight was poetic scenery with green tiles and white walls, green bamboos, prosperously growing ficus virens and a brook passing in front of the door.
	This was the Oriental Pearl Garden Restaurant where the purchase was high-end and membership system was carried out.
	It seemed that the restaurant was built in the garden. Small bridges with flowing water were everywhere, the bamboo was growing prosperously and flowers were blooming, making it a beautiful place.
	The air was full of the scent of flowers, fresh and natural.
	The restaurant was divided into different courtyards. Chunhua Garden was where she needed to go. She pushed open the door, but nobody was in the big courtyard. Flowers and grasses were growing vigorously in the courtyard. Waterfalls and rockeries were inside as well with koi fishes swimming in the pool.
	There was a pavilion in the center of the courtyard. In the pavilion there was a round old-fashioned table for 8 people made of Gold Phoebe.
	It was really considerate of Bright to arrange the meal in such an environment.
	When her fingers touched the table, a low but happy voice appeared, “Do you like here?”
	Hearing Bright’s voice, she turned around and then a bunch of beautiful orange roses came into her sight.
	The black suit with the bunch of flowers in his hand made him look like a childe of the city.
	“For you.” He handed the flowers to her.
	She glanced from the flowers to him, but she didn’t stretch out the hands.
	Bright shoved the flowers to her arms, “Take it.”
	He was as bossy as usual!
	Rose gently put the flowers on the table, “Mr. Lee, I come here to tell you I have something else important. I’ll make an apology next time.”
	“Ms. Linder, it won’t take you long to finish a meal.” He elegantly unbuttoned the buckles and took a seat on an ancient stool, “And I have an important piece of news to announce today.”
	She looked suspiciously at his good-looking face, “What on earth is it?”
	She thought he was deliberately mystified to detain her.
	“I’ll tell you after the meal.” He made a gesture of initiation.
	“I’ll make a decision after you tell me.” Rose learnt negotiation.
	“I’m afraid if I announce it now, you won’t leave.” He smiled sneeringly.
	“Can you please stop blowing your own horn?” Her voice sounded a bit angry.
	“Ms. Linder, hold on.” Bright reached his pocket, took out an envelope and put it on the table.
Chapter 73 What Are You Waiting For
	Bright’s deep eyes were tinged with dark light, showing a hint of playfulness. He stared at her for a moment, and his serene eyes reflected her fair and delicate face.
	Rose became a little feverish from his gaze, so she quietly looked away.
	“You don’t want to take it and have a look?” Bright raised his eyebrows a little.
	How could she be so calm and not curious at all about what he was holding?
	“Mr. Lee, even though money has many benefits and I also like money, not everything can be settled with money. Especially something like posing as Mrs. Lee. What is fake will always be fake. It will never become real.” Rose looked at the thin envelope. “Mr. Lee is very rich, yet he is only giving me this much. Isn’t it a little too stingy of him?”
	Was she this cheap? Or did he think she could be easily bribed?
	“What is fake can also become real, but what is real can never become fake.” Bright's voice was deep but hinted at something. “As long as I want to, what is fake can become real and what is real can become fake.”
	As Rose listened to his words and met his intense gaze, she felt as if there was an invisible magnetic force pulling her in that she couldn’t help but indulge in it, which made her flustered.
	“Mr. Lee, what do you mean?” Rose even breathed quietly.
	“Just take it literally.” Bright said indifferently as his gaze fell on the envelope. “You’ll know once you open it and take a look.”
	Rose's sight also fell on the envelope. The stuff in the envelope wasn’t thick. Considering what he said, it was probably money.
	She actually guessed wrong. For someone with status like Bright, he didn’t need to use cash at all. He could use a cheque or a card, both of which would make things easier.
	She didn't dare to think too much about the things in the envelope. A woman's sixth sense told her that it wouldn’t be anything good!
	She quickly retracted her gaze, then turned and took a couple of steps away to escape from this place.
	But Bright stood up sharply and stepped forward in one stride to stop her.
	“Where do you want to go?” He looked down at her and asked.
	“Go home.” Rose didn't look up. Her downcast eyelashes were long and thick, and trembled out of fear.
	“Before you go home, you should take a look at the surprise I prepared for you.” Bright grasped her hand and pulled her toward the round table again.
	Rose was dragged by him to the round table and heard a commanding voice. “Open it.”
	Rose struggled to withdraw her hand, but she couldn’t resist his strength. Not only did she not withdraw her hand, but her other hand was also held in his. He embraced her entire body and pushed his broad and warm chest against her cold back.
	His body was very warm and comfortable, but she still felt cold.
	She stubbornly resisted him as he brought her hands toward the envelope on the table. She did not dare to touch it.
	“Rose, what are you afraid of?” Bright’s thin lips pressed against her auricle. Although his tone was soft, it made people unable to resist him.
	“I’m not afraid of anything. I just don't want to know what's inside. I have no interest at all.” Rose spoke sonorously, partly to convince herself not to be curious.
	“Are you not interested at all?” Bright watched as Rose forced herself to regain composure and curled his thin lips. “Since you don't want to look, it might be better to show it to those who want to see.”
	“Who are you going to give it to?” Rose asked him anxiously, revealing her fear.
	“The news, the media or your parents, grandma...” Bright pointed out one by one, as if he planned on letting the whole world know.
	“Mr. Lee, don’t make jokes like this.” Rose curled up her lips out of embarrassment.
	Why did she provoke him? I almost killed myself, thought Rose.
	She was not afraid or anything at all now, except for Bright.
	“I deliberately went from City J to City H to find an exotic and beautiful place like this. Do I look like I’m joking?” Bright's patience gradually disappeared as a result of Rose's rejection. “You don’t want to dine with both of our parents, right? You wanted a legitimate reason, right? Now I am here, and the reason I give you is in this envelope. Why are you afraid at this time? Maybe you will be happy once you take a look?”
	Rose would not be so easily coaxed. “Mr. Lee, I am joking, okay? There was no such thing as a legitimate reason – it was just an excuse to reject you. I’ve never wanted anything the proper way.”
	Bright held her tighter so that she could deeply feel his strong sense of existence. “Since you are worried that you are a fake, then I’ll turn you into the real one. Don’t you think so?”
	Become the real one?
	Was he crazy?
	Rose tilted her head slightly, her eyes widening in horror. She couldn't believe that he didn't care at all.
	“Mr. Lee, what do you want?”
	“I've said so much, do you still not understand?” Bright saw her freak out and continued to speak. “The questions that you are thinking of will be answered as soon as you open this envelope and you’ll understand everything. These are things you will face sooner or later. If you don’t face them now, you’ll face them soon.”
	Bright referred to the time when their marriage contract would expire. When they divorce, they would have to meet and face each other.
	Of course, Rose hadn't thought of this. Regardless of how much Bright hinted, she didn't dare to think about it.
	"I really don't understand and don't want to understand. Mr. Lee, please let me go.” She felt her breathing was going to stop because of the way he held her.
	“There's nothing wrong with me holding my wife. It won’t make a difference even if you called the police.” Bright started acting shamelessly, gently rubbing her skin over her long dress.
	“Just a fake.” She reminded him.
	“I said that as long as I want to, what is fake can become real.” Bright turned her body around to face himself. “Have more confidence in yourself.”
	Something like this could not be changed with confidence.
	He said it too lightly.
	After seeing his parents while posing as Mrs. Lee, her heart could never calm down.
	His father and stepmother were such good people, yet she deceived them. She had a guilty conscience.
	“I—” She just uttered a word, yet he lowered his eyes quickly and pressed his thin lips against hers, covering her soft lips with a force that she couldn’t resist.
	She did not expect him to kiss her and was not prepared for this moment. At the same time, her brain stopped working.
	His kiss was strong and domineering, tangling her up with him as their tongues chased after each other.
	She was in a weak position in front of him. She could only endure his madness and brutality until feelings of suffocation hit...
	Bright let go of her at this moment, and both of them panted heavily. The man's fingertips stroked her reddish lips. “Not all women can enjoy this right. Only Mrs. Lee is qualified, so what are you waiting for?”
Chapter 74 I Don't Even Have the Right to Cry
	Rose looked up. Her pale face was coloured with shades of crimson, her eyes gleamed, and her lips were red and swollen by his kiss, enchanting like pink cherry blossoms.
	Her gaze fell on the man’s face. His handsome face didn’t show much expression: his eyebrows frowned slightly, his nose had a prominent bridge, and his thin lips pressed together lightly.
	The air was very quiet with a faint fragrance of flowers. It was so quiet that they only hear each other’s powerful and fierce heartbeat.
	“Be brave.” His thin lips moved slightly, encouraging her.
	After Rose was kissed by him, her mind really became confused.
	All her resistance was melted by his kiss. She seemed to have the courage to face the things in the envelope.
	In other words, if she continued to not face it, then Bright would force her to face it and open it. Otherwise, he won't let her off easily.
	Rose reached out to the envelope on the table and paused for a moment. Finally, she gritted her teeth and grabbed the envelope. It didn’t feel too soft or too hard in her hand and felt like a notebook.
	Her heart tightened again. She could only take a deep breath.
	“It's not a scourge. It won't eat you. It's nothing scary.” Seeing her appear as if she was ready to sacrifice her life at any moment, Bright really wanted to laugh but he managed to hold back.
	Rose glared sideways at him. You are relaxed because you’re not the one facing the problem, she thought.
	Bright raised his eyebrows.
	She opened the envelope, reached in, and took out the contents.
	She moved slowly, pulling out the notebook-like thing bit by bit, revealing a red shape. She slowly dragged it out until red covered her entire pupil and she saw the gilded national emblem and “marriage certificate” on the cover of the red book.
	Her hand shook, and both the book and the envelope fell on the ground and hit her feet.
	She took a step back in fear and stared at Bright with questions in her eyes.
	Bright bent down to pick up the marriage certificate and opened it in front of her.
	Rose clearly saw that the certificate holder column read Bright and the bottom section was filled with his information and her information.
	Rose...
	No, no, it must be the same name and surname. His wife couldn’t be her. How could it be her?
	Rose didn't dare to imagine that the person who had entered into a marriage contract with herself was Bright, the man standing at the top of the pyramid.
	“Don't doubt it. It's really you. The fake is also you. You are my wife.” Bright's words further sealed their relationship as husband and wife.
	All of Rose's suspicions disappeared as a result of his words.
	“So you knew my relationship with you all along?” Rose frowned.
	“When you first came to HY Group and I met you, I wasn’t sure.” Bright explained. “It wasn’t until I found the marriage certificate that I had left behind that I was sure you are my wife.”
	So he always knew yet he pretended not to know just to trick her and play her?
	Did he want to see her make a fool of herself that badly?
	Rose spontaneously felt humiliated, and anger suddenly flared in her head!
	She clamped her hand into a fist then let go, again and again. She breathed deeply in secret non-stop, otherwise she would surely slap his face!
	“You always knew. Why didn't you tell me?” She suppressed the anger in her heart, trying to calm down her tone.
	“I have always hinted at you.” Bright gazed at her calmly and looked into her eyes. There was fire in her eyes, as if she wanted to burn him to ashes.
	“Haha, have you?” How come she didn’t notice?
	“This only shows that you…” Bright pointed at his forehead with a finger, suggesting that she was stupid without saying anymore.
	“You are a bastard!” Rose was full of anger in her heart, and after being so insulted by him again, she could no longer maintain her demeanor.
	Bright, “…”
	How was he a bastard?
	“You just want to see me getting made fun of. You think it's fun to play tricks like this, right?” Rose blamed him aggrievedly, her eyes turning red from the tears that surfaced. “Or are you trying to test me? Afraid that I will cheat on you?”
	“But knowing our contractual relationship, you can’t do… to me...”
	Rose bit her lip, not knowing how to continue.
	“Do what to you?”
	“Touching me and wanting to take advantage of me at any time without any room for discussion. Do you know how much pressure I am under? I have always been afraid that the husband I’ve never met will create trouble for me, but I didn't expect him to be you bastard!”
	Rose felt extremely aggrieved. The more she thought about it, the angrier she became, and the more she couldn't help but be sad, so much that she couldn't hold back her tears.
	Her eyes were red, and her pitiful appearance made Bright feel that perhaps he crossed the line.
	He stretched out his long arms and took Rose into his arms, letting her head rest on his shoulders while her face pressed against his chest. He was not afraid that her tears would stain his white shirt and expensive handmade custom suit.
	“Actually, the moment I met you, I didn’t think I would interact with you again in the future. It's just that what happened later was beyond our control, and you were wronged. But Mr. Lee is only exercising his legal rights. I said this before, it's just that you are too stupid...so you can't blame me entirely.” While he explained, he still had to maintain his own arrogance. Very typical of Bright.
	Rose didn't stop crying but shrugged her shoulders even harder.
	“Okay, don't cry. If you keep crying, your makeup will be ruined and you won’t be pretty.” Bright coaxed her softly.
	“I want to cry. I don't even have the right to cry anymore?” Rose got into a temper.
	Bright smiled helplessly. “Okay, okay, okay. Mrs. Lee can cry whatever she wants.”
	Women are really troublesome!
	Rose’s cry was interrupted by the sound of her phone ringing. She withdrew from Bright’s arms and took out her phone to see that it was her grandmother.
	Oh no, grandma must be worried that she didn’t pick up Doris yet.
	She wiped the tears from her face and answered the phone. “Grandma—”
	“Rose, you get off work at five o'clock to pick up Doris. Now it's past six o'clock. Why haven't you brought her to see grandma?” Jennifer waited so long at home that she grew anxious. “Did you lie to grandma about bringing Doris here? Then grandma is going to pick her up from the Coopers’ place right now!”
	“Grandma, I was delayed because I had to handle something that just came up. I'm already on my way to Nora’s house. Just wait at home obediently. You don't know where Nora lives. She has a lot of properties.” Rose's voice was a little hoarse from crying.
	Jennifer naturally heard something wrong in her voice. “What's wrong with you? Are you crying? Who is bullying you? Tell grandma. Grandma will help you.”
	Rose looked at Bright, who stood beside her. “Grandma, I...”
Chapter 75 How Long Have You Been Together
	Bright was glanced at by Rose, but he remained calm. He wasn’t afraid of her tattle telling anyway.
	He was happy about her frankly telling the Linder family's grandmother about their relationship because then he would be able to easily become a part of their family.
	He would be joining them the proper way, and no one would be able to stop him.
	“Nothing, grandma, I'll hang up first. See you later.” Rose hurriedly ended the call and gave Bright a look.
	“Why didn’t you tell grandma that you are with me.” Bright raised his handsome eyebrows, and his gaze was heavy, as if luring people into committing sins…
	“Why tell?” Rose asked a question in reply.
	He had long known that she was his contract wife, yet why did he not make it clear to her?
	In that case, she won't get involved with him, let alone develop any feeling for him.
	But now that she knew all of this meant that she must face their relationship objectively and calmly, including their contractual relationship, transactional marriage, and agreement to divorce after three years.
	And it won’t be long until they went through the divorce process.
	This was only a marriage in name. She would restrain herself until divorce.
	“It doesn't matter. We’ll still have opportunities to meet.” Bright’s enthusiasm didn’t dampen. “Everything will be understood once our parents meet.”
	Rose suddenly forgot about this matter.
	True, Bright's initiative to show her the marriage certificate was nothing more than to let her feel that she was his proper wife. This way she won't be bothered because she was the fake Mrs. Lee, so much that she was unwilling to play the role anymore and unwilling to dine with their parents.
	Now, he took out the marriage certificate so that she had no reason to refuse.
	“Mr. Lee, I think you know the terms of the contract. Anyway, it's just a transaction. Why make it so complicated? How is it going to end?” She spoke vaguely, indicating that their marriage contract was about to expire and there was no need to make things so difficult.
	“How to end it in the future is my business. Mrs. Lee doesn’t have to worry too much and just needs to leave everything to me. It is stated in the contract that Mrs. Lee needs to cooperate with Mr. Lee on some important occasions, such as cocktail parties or dinners.” Bright also pointed out what the contract stated, completely “convincing” Rose.
	Rose was indeed unable to refute and could only change the subject. “Now is not the time to talk about this matter. Now I am going to pick up Doris, otherwise my grandma will get angry.”
	Rose turned around to leave. Bright looked at her back. “I have already paid for this meal.”
	“Mr. Lee doesn't care about a little bit of money like this.” Rose did not turn her head back.
	Bright laughed and shook his head, and finally had no choice but to chase after her in strides.
	Just after Rose walked out of the courtyard, Bright had already caught up with her, and grabbed her hand. “Come with me.”
	He took her out of there and got in a Maserati.
	Bright personally drove out. “Address.”
	“?” Rose didn't realize for a moment that it was Nora’s address. “Oh, in Broad City.”
	Bright turned on the GPS and followed what the voice announced
	His driving skills were very good that passengers felt stable even at fast speeds.
	Soon after arriving at Broad City, Rose unfastened her seat belt. “You wait for me here. I will go in by myself. Nora doesn't like strangers.”
	She actually didn't want Bright to go in and be seen by Nora, otherwise she would question her nonstop. Besides, it was someone with status like Bright, so she wouldn’t stop for a few days.
	She was really scared.
	Bright did not speak or move.
	Seeing that he seemed to have no objection, Rose got out of the car and entered along the stone path that was surrounded with bamboo.
	Nora and Doris were playing outside, and they saw Rose walking in at a glance.
	“Mom.” Doris put down the ball and ran towards Rose, jumping straight into her arms.
	Rose held Doris, feeling that Doris missed herself, and deeply felt that she was not a good and competent mother.
	“Mom is taking you home to see grandma. We will never be separated again.” Rose picked up Rose, choking slightly as she spoke.
	“Mom, I had a good time at Aunt Nora’s place. Even God doesn’t have as much fun as I do.” Doris also felt Rose’s self-blame wanted to comfort her, but what she said was true.
	Nora would definitely not treat her badly.
	“Did you talk to grandma?” Nora walked over with the ball.
	She wore casual sportswear, which was really rare.
	Miss Cooper only ever wore traditional clothing and jewelry. She always dressed herself in attractive away. She never wore sports clothing because she said they were ugly.
	She made a huge sacrifice to wear sportswear to play with Doris.
	“Well, grandma wanted me to pick you up last night. She’s been pressing me a lot.” Rose felt grateful to her grandma. Only grandma could accept her, even though she had a child without getting married. Grandma still loved her and even loved Doris.
	“Grandma is more open-minded than your parents.” Nora twitched her lips. “If they make things difficult for you, call me at any time. Your best friend has more than enough room for you and your daughter to live in.”
	Grandma accepted Doris, but the Linder parents might not agree.
	Grandma was getting old and couldn’t make every decision.
	“Yeah.” Rose nodded.
	“Everything is packed. I'll have someone bring it out for you.” Nora asked someone to bring Doris’ panda luggage. “I will take you out.”
	“No, it’s fine. Aren’t you afraid that you’ll be laughed at if you went out in sportswear?” Rose looked at her red and white sportswear, using it as an excuse to stop Nora from going out.
	She didn't want her to see Bright waiting outside.
	“Okay, I'll let auntie send you off.” Nora thought about going out like this.
	“No, it’s fine. I'll handle it.” This voice belonged to Bright, low and magnetic.
	Nora had already looked over and saw Bright, who was tall and upright, pass through a cluster of green bamboo and steadily head over. Under shades of light and shadow, the man appeared handsome.
	Rose's heart trembled fiercely. What she was the most afraid of just happened!
	“Handsome uncle!” Doris’ eyes lit up after seeing Bright, and she struggled to get off Rose.
	Doris ran to Bright like a happy Pomeranian and smiled brightly.
	Bright bends down slightly and caught Doris as she rushed towards him, lifting her whole body up. Doris chuckled, and her crisp laughter was as melodious as a wind chime...
	“Handsome uncle, why are you here?” Doris put her arms around Bright's neck habitually.
	“I came to pick you up.” Bright hugged her with one arm, using his other hand to scratch her nose while he gazed at her lovingly.
	Nora was dumbfounded and put one hand on Rose's shoulder. “When did you and CEO Lee get together?”
	“…” Rose frowned. What about getting together? “Can you not make it sound so bad?”
	“He and Doris are also this close? How long has this affair been going on between you guys?” Nora asked with a thoughtful expression. “Doris’ father isn’t him, right?”
Chapter 76 A Good Use of the Idiom
	Although what Nora said was a question, a trace of panic still flashed across Rose’s eyes because of her question. The trace of anxiety in her heart worsened.
	It was the first time that Nora saw Bright and Doris together, yet she asked a question like this. Did she already notice something?
	Didn't grandma and Nora both say that Doris looks like her when she was a child?
	But why did Nora directly ask whether Bright is Doris’ father when Bright and Doris are together?
	“Are you mute or what? I guessed it right? They are really father and daughter?” Nora nudged Rose with her elbow while her pupils gradually dilated and overflowed with surprise.
	“How is it possible?” Rose retorted anxiously but did not look at Nora as she felt guilty.
	“If he really is Doris’ dad, then Rose, you are a lucky girl...” Nora smiled cutely. “When the time comes, there will only be things you can’t imagine and nothing he can’t do.”
	“I said no.” Rose denied the truth again.
	Until now, she still couldn’t accept the reality that Bright was her mysterious husband in her secret marriage. She felt it was unreal as a dream.
	The man she contracted with in that absurd marriage happened to be Doris’ biological father.
	Did the three of them being together now count as a family reunion?
	Rose laughed at herself and twitched the corners of her lips lightly, feeling that things were going to be bitter and difficult instead.
	“Why do you say they are father and daughter? Didn't you say that Doris looks like me? They don't look alike.” Rose also felt Doris looked more like her.
	If Doris inherited more of Bright’s genes, then she would definitely be a replica of Bright. As long as whoever saw them wasn’t blind, they would be able to tell at a glance that the two were very similar.
	And Rose was thankful that Doris was like her instead of Bright, otherwise he would have guessed the result when he saw Doris.
	“You can’t say they aren’t alike. It’s better to say that Doris and you are alike in appearance while Doris and CEO Lee are alike in character. I mean in terms of things we can’t see, like temperament, personality, and actions.” Nora felt this way when she saw Bright and Doris together.
	Was that the case?
	Rose observed Bright and Doris. The way they laughed and the way they spoke was indeed alike. Plus, being related by blood is something very wonderful. Even if you don’t know that the other person is your relative, you still feel an invisible attraction and you would be kind toward each other.
	Therefore, Bright, who had always been cold and rarely smiled, didn’t mind anything else and would show the sincerest smile when he was in front of Doris.
	“Nonsense.” Rose denied Nora's statement.
	“I'm really not talking nonsense. See for yourself.” Nora raised her delicate eyebrow to prove that she wasn’t making a casual statement.
	“Grandma is waiting anxiously at home. I won't talk nonsense with you. Let's go.” Rose pulled the little panda luggage and waved at Nora.
	Nora could only wave at her. After the two separated, she immediately went back to the house and changed out of her ugly clothes.
	Bright put Doris in the Maserati's back seat, and then put the luggage in Rose's hand into the trunk of the car.
	He sat in the driver's seat, fastened on his seat belt, and started the car and drove away from Broad City.
	“Handsome uncle, you came when I thought about you. Do you think there’s telepathy between us?” Doris wondered while playing with her panda doll.
	“Yes.” Bright said softly. “So uncle flew over from City J to see you as soon as he finished work. Are you touched?”
	“Handsome uncle, you are so kind to me. I think I have fallen in love with you, but our age is so different, your parents won’t let us be together... will definitely separate us.” Doris wasn’t touched but was very touched – so touched she already turned her back on her favourite Dougie Gallagher.
	“...” Rose’s eyes widen, not knowing whether to laugh or cry.
	She really made a good use of the idiom!
	She was Bright's biological daughter. How could she marry him?
	“Doris, Uncle Lee is already married. You are so young, so you aren’t suitable.” Rose could only explain this way, wanting to get rid of Doris’ strange idea.
	“True, handsome uncle is already married. We can only be together in the next life if we want.” Doris pouted slightly as disappointment filling up in her innocent eyes.
	“There is no need to wait until the next life. We can be together in this life, but as relatives.” Bright looked up at Doris's pink face through the rear-view mirror.
	“As relatives?”
	Rose's heart tightened and looked up to meet Bright's gaze in the rear-view mirror.
	She gritted her teeth slightly. Was he going to tell Doris the fact that they are husband and wife?
	This way they would be relatives and they would be together as relatives.
	But she didn’t want to Doris to know about it and didn’t want Doris to rely more and more on Bright. She was afraid that one day, the story of Doris’ birth would be revealed. Afterward, she would face cruel choices and was even more afraid that Doris would like Bright more and give up her mother.
	The more she thought about it, the more frightened Rose felt and the more she trembled!
	She frowned anxiously and gestured with her eyes, pleading Bright not to say it.
	Bright retracted his gaze, looked forward, and asked Doris. “Doris, do you want me to be your relative? That way we won’t be separated for a lifetime. My parents won’t separate us either.”
	“My mother and I are the only ones in the family. It would be great if handsome uncle can become my father.” Doris’ small face was a little nervous from the excitement she felt.
	Sure enough, Doris still wanted a father and yearned to be surrounded by fatherly love. Bright’s appearance also made her feel paternal love to a certain extent and filled the longing in her heart.
	It was destined that she would fall in love with Bright because he was her biological father.
	“Doris...” Rose opened her mouth but didn't know how to say it to the child.
	“Mom, I don't mean to want someone to replace Dad. Dad is in our hearts and we love him. I am very happy when I’m with handsome uncle. Plus, when I grow up and marry brother Dougie, he can help me take care of you. I can rest assured that there is someone to take care of you.” Doris explained, afraid that Rose would be sad. “Mom, dad already became a star, and he also hopes that someone can replace him and take care of us. I think handsome uncle is an angel who dad found.”
	Rose's eyes were slightly moist. The child's father was right in front of her, but she couldn't speak the truth.
	Was this too cruel for a child who longed for paternal love?
	“Doris, actually Uncle Lee…”
Chapter 77 Mr. Lee Can Have a Few Children
	“Doris, in fact, your mother has already agreed to let me take care of you.” Bright interrupted Rose, not wanting her to say anything that would hurt the child's heart.
	He knew that after Rose knew about their marriage and knew that he was her nominal husband, she was still unwilling to face reality.
	He also knew that Rose was not at ease because of this marriage and even showed more anxiety.
	He was afraid that her anxiety would affect the child.
	Although the child was young and sensible, she was more sensitive and fragile.
	“Mom, is that true? Is what handsome uncle the truth? He’s not lying to me?” Doris grabbed Rose's hand and looked up, wanting to get confirmation.
	“Of course.” Bright took the initiative and answered.
	“Mom?” Doris still persisted in getting an answer from Rose.
	She and her mother had been dependent on each other for many years. Mom was her only one. This feeling couldn’t be replaced by anyone.
	“Mom knows you are kind, but I hope Doris can give mom some time to think about this matter. This is also something between us two adults. We will discuss it carefully before telling you our decision, okay?” Rose held her daughter's little hand in her palm and spoke gently and softly.
	There were some things she didn’t want to say in front of Doris. Doris liked Bright so much, so she was afraid of making Doris sad.
	This was kind of like her stalling tactic.
	As for the matter between her and Bright, she had to find time to have a good talk with him.
	“Yeah.” Doris nodded happily. “Then mom, will my great grandmother like me? Who else in the family besides great grandmother?”
	“Great grandma is a very loving elder, and of course she likes Doris. Otherwise, why would she be anxious to have me take you home?” Rose’s fingertips tapped the tip of her daughter's pretty nose. “In addition to great grandma, there are grandma and grandpa at home.”
	“Then will they like me?”
	“They...” Rose was thinking of how to word her response in order not to harm the child.
	“Everyone likes Doris. How could they not like Doris? You need to have confidence in yourself.” Bright encouraged Doris. “Look, you’ve even conquered my heart is conquered. What else is there to worry about? Uncle doesn’t come to like people very easily.”
	“Yes, I'm very well-behaved and cute. Grandpa and grandma will like me.” Doris was confident.
	She leaned her small body against Rose and cuddled her mother.
	Rose stretched out her hand to encircle Doris's small body, lowered her head, and looked at Doris in her arms. Doris also looked up at her mother. The two looked at each other and smiled knowingly.
	Bright looked at the warm and beautiful scene at the back, and surprisingly, his heart felt warmth and was moved.
	He also wanted to have a happy family, a lovely daughter, and a gentle wife.
	Bright, who had never thought that marriage would become his life goal, really hoped it would come true at this moment.
	When Bright stopped the Maserati at the gate of the Linder’s villa, everything seemed to have gone back to square one.
	Rose and Doris got out of the car, and Bright brought Doris’ luggage out of the trunk.
	“Thank you.” Rose held Doris in one hand and wanted to grab the luggage in the other.
	“I'll see you in.” Bright felt it would be inconvenient for her.
	“No, it’s fine.” Rose refused.
	As soon as he entered the Linder's house, there would be an uproar, and maybe their marriage would be exposed.
	She didn’t want to admit that she was married when she was going to divorce soon. By then, she would only get laughed at by her parents, who didn’t want to see her, and Sophie, who hated her. They would call her an abandoned wife.
	Rose grabbed the luggage and led Doris to the carved door.
	Bright stood by the car and looked at the mother and daughter who had left him behind.
	Doris looked back at the “poor” Bright with every couple of steps she took, but she couldn’t do anything.
	At the same time, a black Mercedes-Benz vehicle slowly drove over. Shade from the trees slid across the body of the car until it stopped in front of Bright.
	High-quality car windows slowly lowered, and Chandler looked at Bright standing in front of the door in surprise. “CEO Lee?”
	He thought he was seeing things, but it was the real CEO Lee, which really shocked him.
	“CEO Linder.” Bright's response was polite and distant.
	Chandler hurriedly pushed the door to get out of the car. “What brought CEO Lee here? No wonder I heard the magpie sing when I left this morning. So it was because someone important was coming, haha...”
	Bright just curled his thin lips and smiled faintly. “CEO Lee is really good at making jokes. There shouldn't be magpies in this villa area, right? Perhaps CEO Linder has a magpie in the house? I’m actually curious and would like to take a look.”
	“This...this...” Chandler felt embarrassed. He never had a magpie.
	From the corner of his eye, he saw Rose and the child she held hands with.
	What was happening?
	Chandler frowned and called out to Rose. “Rose.”
	Rose heard Chandler calling her, turned her head, and glanced over Chandler and Bright. “Dad, what's the matter?”
	“Where did this child come from?” Chandler looked at Doris, who held a panda doll, and wondered whether she was the kid Rose gave birth to five years ago.
	How could she bring the child home? Did she want to create even more problems in the family?
	“Dad, she is my daughter.” Rose admitted frankly.
	“Hello grandpa. I'm Doris, your lovely and beautiful granddaughter.” Doris seemed to be a cute and grown-up child and was not timid at all.
	It seemed that she was the child who humiliated the Linder family five years ago! Surprisingly, she already grew so big and was so beautiful and cute.
	What was he thinking?
	How come he found her cute?
	“Who is your grandfather? Don’t go around addressing people randomly.” Chandler said unhappily. He didn’t admit that Doris was the Linder family’s granddaughter even though Bright was still there.
	“Grandpa, I'll be obedient.” Doris felt that Chandler did not like her, so she immediately showed a friendly attitude towards him.
	“Dad, she is just a child. Why do you have to fuss over it?” Rose also thought this would happen, but Doris would be hurt.
	“You—”
	“CEO Linder, Doris is a really good kid. I really like your granddaughter. She’s clever and cute." Bright interrupted Chandler. His ink eyes were dark.
	Chandler looked at Bright in surprise. Bright was handsome and solemn, and stood tall under the shade of the tree. He showed steadiness and restraint of a mature man as well as prestige that couldn’t be ignored because of all the things he had gone through.
	“Hehe...really?” Chandler felt that cold shivers up his back. “If CEO Lee likes children this much, he could have a child with Mrs. Lee...ah... no, a few children. As the saying goes, it's better to have your own children.”
	“I’m thinking of that as well.” When Bright replied, his eyes fell on Rose's body inadvertently.
	Rose naturally felt his sharp eyes too, and the roots of her ears started to become hot.
	“I wonder which family Mrs. Lee is from?” Chandler was also gossipy.
Chapter 78 Who Would Believe You
	Light of excitement loomed in Chandler's eyes.
	At this moment, Rose's face changed from crimson, out of feeling ashamed and resentful to pale, out of feeling frightened.
	She frowned, looked back at Bright, and once again gestured with her gaze, asking Bright not to say it.
	Bright saw Rose’s worries in his eyes. In fact, he really wanted to tell people about their relationship and let Chandler know not to bully his woman and his daughter, even if he was their biological father (grandpa).
	But this wasn’t the best occasion for both of them. Anyway, their parents were about to dine together, and it wouldn’t be too late to say it then.
	“My wife is also from City H.” Bright only revealed this fact, but it was the truth.
	Rose was born and raised in City H.
	“Then Mr. Lee is the son-in-law our City H and a partial citizen of City H.” Chandler said with a smile. “Mr. Lee came to City H this time to accompany Mrs. Lee on her trip back here?”
	“She came back first. I'm here to accompany her.” Bright was a much better actor than those who won awards when he acted seriously.
	Rose held back laughter as she listened him that she was almost going to injure herself from holding back so much.
	How could Bright have such a cute side.
	“Then why did you come here?” Chandler looked at Rose again. How could the two of them meet each other?
	“I happened to meet Miss Linder on the road with a child, so I dropped them off. CEO Linder won’t mind, right?” Bright's voice was calm.
	“I want to thank CEO Lee. How could I mind? It’s fine as long as Mrs. Lee doesn’t mind.” Chandler repeatedly mentioned Mrs. Lee just to remind Rose not to have any wishful thinking as Bright was married.
	“My wife doesn't mind at all. She knows that Miss Linder is cooperating with our company. She even asked me to take care of her.” Bright said seriously.
	Chandler smiled. “Mrs. Lee is so beautiful and kind-hearted. CEO Lee is really lucky to have such a good wife. You should cherish her.”
	Bright nodded in agreement. “Of course. Thank you, Mr. Lee and Mrs. Lee.”
	“CEO Linder. If you want to thank me, why don’t you invite me in for a cup of tea.” Bright found a way to enter without being invited.
	“Yes, yes, yes. Have a cup of tea.” Chandler dared not refuse.
	As a result, Bright stepped into the Linder’s villa.
	In the living room of the Linder family, Bright was comfortable as if he was at home and sat casually, but still maintained the elegance that was engraved in him.
	The servant brought two cups of tea and then stepped back. Doris wanted to accompany Bright, so she sat with him.
	Rose brought Doris’ luggage to her room.
	She changed into a gray velvet hoodie and came down to see her grandma also coming out of her room.
	“Doris come here and greet great grandma.” Rose waved at Doris.
	Doris obediently stepped forward. “Great grandma, I am Doris. Mom said you are a very loving person. As long as I am obedient, you will be like me.”
	“No matter what you do, great grandma will like you.” Jennifer said warmly and smiled. “Come on, let great grandma take a look.”
	Doris took a couple of steps closer to Jennifer.
	Jennifer carefully looked at Doris from head to toe several times before nodding in satisfaction, but her eyes gradually became wet and red.
	“My little baby, you’ve suffered living in other places with you mom.” Jennifer spoke in a choked voice, feeling sorry that they were away from home for so many years. “It's because great grandma was too useless and couldn’t protect you guys.”
	“Grandma...don't say that.” Rose was also sad.
	“Great grandma, don't worry, being together with mom isn’t suffering at all. Although there is no dad to take care of us, we take care of each other. Look, I’ve grown up healthy and strong.” Doris took a tissue and wiped the tears from the corner of Jennifer’s eyes for her. “Mom and I are back. We will take care of you in the future.”
	“What a good girl.” Jennifer was very pleased. Doris was so cheerful and sensible even though she didn’t have paternal love. “With great grandma here, no one will bully you in the future.”
	As Jennifer spoke, she gave Chandler a look, as if he was a bad person.
	“Mom, CEO Lee is still here.” Chandler didn’t want to lose face.
	Jennifer hugged Doris in her arms. “I’m just letting Bright see what kind of father and grandpa you are, so as to set a good example for the younger generation.”
	“…” The smile on Chandler's face became stiff, and he spoke to Bright. “CEO Lee, please excuse me.”
	“I think grandma Linder is right. CEO Linder is the head of the family and the head of the Linder group. You should set an example, especially for children.” Bright was very angry at Chandler for not letting Doris call him grandpa when they were outside.
	He cared deeply about Doris, yet Chandler treated her this way.
	“CEO Lee is right.” What else could Chandler say? “I will pay attention in the future.”
	Had it not been for Bright's status and Chandler’s need to get close to Bright, he wouldn’t have had to endure this.
	“Grandpa.” Doris was good at making of opportunities that came up.
	She listened to what the adults said and understood that this was the best time to get grandpa's recognition.
	“Sigh...” Regardless of how much Chandler resisted and refused, he could only admit it at this time.
	His mother and Bright – one he didn't dare to provoke and one he couldn't afford to offend.
	Jennifer was finally satisfied and gave a red envelope to Doris. “Doris came home. This is a gift from great grandma to Doris since this is our first time meeting each other.”
	Doris didn’t take it. “Great grandma, my mother said that I can't take adults’ money.”
	“This is a blessing from great grandma. How can you refuse?” Jennifer glanced at Rose, who stood beside her.
	Rose nodded to Doris. “Great grandma is a relative, a family. You can accept it.”
	Doris then accepted the red envelope. “Thank you, great grandma.”
	“Chandler, don't you have anything for Doris as her grandpa?” Jennifer sarcastically asked her son. “Perhaps you, who is the leader of the Linder group, is poorer than an old lady like me?”
	“Mom, I'm going to prepare right now.” Chandler obediently gave a red envelope to Doris.
	Looking at the two big red envelopes, Doris was very happy.
	“Handsome uncle, you see I have a lot of money.” Doris waved the red envelopes at Bright.
	Bright curled his lips and smiled. “When you come to uncle's house, uncle will make it up to you too. There’s also grandpa and grandma, uncle and aunt...”
	“So many people? Then when am I going to your house?”
	“Depends on when your mother lets you go.” Bright held up the tea and the vapour from the cup enshrouded the outline of his cold face.
	“When there’s a chance.” Rose answered ambiguously but didn't want to disappoint the child.
	“I'm free anytime, just waiting for Doris to come.” Bright was completely okay with it.
	Doris ran to Bright and whispered in his ear, appearing cute and clever.
	Rose felt that her daughter had just sold her out. “Doris, don't be rude.”
	“I didn't say anything.” Doris claimed that she was innocence.
	Bright took a sip of tea slowly. “I can prove it.”
	He can prove it?
	Who would believe you? Rose snorted coldly.
Chapter 79 You Are Not Afraid of Being Widowed, so What Am I Afraid of
	Rose waved to Doris. “Come here Doris, and don't always pester uncle. Uncle is very busy and has a lot of important work to do. Let’s not make him stay too long.”
	Rose clearly wanted to kick Bright out of the Linder’s house.
	The light in Doris’ big beautiful eyes dimmed down. She wanted to play with handsome uncle. He made her feel as if she was being loved by her father.
	But she was afraid that her mother would be sad, so she dared not make it too obvious that she wanted a father. Sigh...so difficult.
	“Even though uncle is busy, I have some time to spend with you. Besides, it's off work now. No matter how busy uncle is, he still needs to rest, eat and sleep. Don't you think so?” Bright easily handled Rose’s intention to kick him out and looked at her. “Miss Linder, because of you and Doris today, I haven't eaten yet. I’m hungry. Didn’t you want to thank me? Why don’t you reward me by cooking a meal?”
	“CEO Lee hasn't eaten yet?” Chandler checked the time and saw it was already eight o'clock.
	“Yeah.” Bright nodded with a chuckle.
	“Rose, go to the kitchen and cook some food for CEO Lee.” Chandler instructed Rose. If the Lee family knew that Bright was hungry while he was at the Linder’s place, then there would be no hope for cooperation in the future. “Why didn’t you tell me earlier? How could you neglect such a guest as important as CEO Lee?”
	“CEO Lee is so busy. How do I know that he didn’t have time to eat?” Rose defended herself.
	In fact, she just doesn't want him to eat here at all.
	But he wanted to stay here again. How annoying.
	“Rose, since Bright helped you and Doris, and we are not stingy people, we should prepare a meal for Bright. You go to the kitchen to prepare some food. Have Elena help you.” Jennifer also stood on Bright's side this time.
	“Oh.” Rose had no choice but to go to the kitchen. Right before she turned around, she stared at Bright, the “culprit”.
	Bright raised his eyebrows slightly and curled up his beautiful thin lips to form a faint smile. His eyes were full of triumphant happiness.
	He seemed to be saying that he was justified in eating this meal.
	The only ones left in the living room were Bright, who played with Doris, Jennifer, and Chandler.
	“Bright, is your grandma’s health okay?” Jennifer and grandma Lee met by accident. They were both in Switzerland due to poor health and met while recuperating. They got along well with each other and soon became friends who kept no secrets from each other.
	It could be seen from the fact that grandma Lee asked Bright bring birthday wishes to Jennifer that their relationship was good.
	“Very good.” Bright said.
	“The news said that you are already married. Where is your wife from? Your grandma told me that you are quite old, yet you are still single. I didn’t expect that you have been married for three years. Now your grandma can rest assured.” Jennifer also wanted to confirm.
	“Yes, I’m married. She is from City H.” Bright answered patiently.
	“It seems that Bright is tied to City H by fate.” Jennifer said with a smile.
	She watched Bright play with Doris patiently. The two interacted very lovingly and looked like father and daughter.
	Jennifer shook her head twice as she watched, feeling deeply moved.
	If Bright hadn’t been married, he would be a perfect match for Rose in terms of his character and accomplishment. And since he truly liked Doris, he would be a very good father.
	It was just a pity that they weren’t fated. He was already married and already belonged to someone.
	“Grandma Linder, I’ll introduce her to you once I have the chance. I promise that you will like her very much.” There was a hint of joy in Bright's voice. It seemed that he was very satisfied with his wife.
	“I think your grandma would like to see her granddaughter-in-law more.” Jennifer was relieved for her friend. “I am worried about Rose now. She raised a child up by herself and suffered through hardships all these years. I just want her to have a good home and a good man who will take care of her for me. I won’t have any regrets then when I pass away.”
	“Mom, CEO Lee is here. Why are you saying these discouraging things...” Chandler frowned.
	“Why can't I say it? I didn't treat Bright as an outsider.” In Jennifer’s eyes, Bright was the same as her grandson. “Bright, you know a lot of people, more than an old lady like me. If you have friends or classmates who are suitable, please introduce them to Rose. We are not asking for a lot. As long as they have good character and treat others well, it is enough.”
	“Grandma...” As soon as Rose came out of the kitchen, she heard her grandma selling herself, making her seem like she wasn’t wanted. Sigh, grandma wasn’t even worried that Bright would laugh.
	Besides, Bright was her hidden husband. Asking her husband to find men in front of him...this was too embarrassing.
	Bright's handsome face was calm. “Grandma, I will pay attention.”
	Pay attention?
	Rose really wanted to laugh. Since when was he responsible for finding her next husband to get married to after their divorce? How kind-hearted of him. Perhaps he should be rewarded with the title of the best ex-husband of China?
	“Thank you, Bright.”
	“Let’s not bother CEO Lee with this kind of thing.”
	Jennifer and Rose spoke at the same time but said totally different things.
	Jennifer stretched out her hand to pull Rose's sleeve, frowning and hinting that she should not talk nonsense.
	Rose was very dissatisfied, and of course it was aimed at Bright.
	He knew everything, yet he still wanted to stir up trouble. How hateful.
	“Bright, this girl talks this way. Don’t take it to heart.” Jennifer explained, afraid that Bright would really not help out. She pushed Rose again. “Why did you come out when you were cooking in the kitchen?”
	“The meal is ready, please head to the dining room to eat.”
	Rose turned around after speaking. She didn’t stay in the living room to be an eyesore.
	“Uncle is going to eat.” Bright stretched out his hand and stroked the top of Doris’ head. “Be good and play by yourself for a while.”
	“Okay, eat lots, handsome uncle so you can have the strength to play with me.” Doris made a cheering gesture.
	Bright could not help but laugh and went to the dining room.
	The only people in the huge dining room were Bright and Rose.
	There were three courses and one soup on the table, enough for two people.
	“You cooked it all?” Bright unbuttoned his suit and sat down gracefully.
	Rose scooped a bowl of rice and placed it in front of him while grinning. “Yes, don't eat it if you are afraid.”
	“Could it be possible to kill me?” Bright joked as he looked at the delicious courses.
	“That's hard to say.” Rose lowered her voice and smile crookedly. “Be careful that the food is poisonous.”
	“You are not afraid of being widowed, so what am I afraid of?” Bright leisurely held up the bowl and used a pair of chopsticks to pick up some shredded beef with celery. He then placed the food in his mouth and started eating while smiling calmly with satisfaction.
	But this made Rose very uncomfortable. “Do you think I will be a widow for you? Don't joke, I am still young. How can I be afraid of not being able to get married?”
	“Why don’t you try?” Bright narrowed his eyes slightly while his gaze became sharp.
	### Chapter 80 He Is Not Satisfied with this Title
	Rose served herself a bowl of soup first and was not afraid of him at all. “You are still alive and well, and it won’t be too late to try once that happens.”
	She smiled as she talked, then drank the soup in a particularly happy mood. Satisfaction was painted all over her face.
	“Wow, this soup is delicious.”
	Bright put his soup bowl in front of Rose and raised an eyebrow slightly. “Give me a bowl too.”
	“Don't you have any hands? I'm not a servant in your family. Scoop for yourself if you want to have it.” Rose ignored him and continued to drink her soup.
	“You’re not going to do it? Then I'll go find grandma and your dad right now and get their opinions on whether Mrs. Lee should take good care of Mr. Lee.” Bright hinted that he was going to expose their relationship as husband and wife in order to threaten her.
	Rose's face grew sullen and stared at the man in front of her. “Mr. Lee, you are not a man if you did something like this!”
	“Won’t you know if I’m a man once you try. Anyway, we are legal.” Bright's eyes were deep and unfathomable like an abyss, making her wonder whether he was joking or serious.
	“Cough, cough, cough...” Rose was so scared by his words that she choked herself and couldn’t stop coughing.
	Seeing this, Bright put down his chopsticks, walked around the table to her side, raised his hand and patted her back, hoping to make her feel better.
	“Drink some water.” The man's warm voice was stained with a smile. Because of Rose, Bright sounded helpless, as if he didn’t know what to do. “How could you be so careless when you are only having soup?”
	“Well. If it wasn’t for you….!” If he didn't talk nonsense, could she be frightened?
	Obviously, it was his fault. How could he scold her?
	“Everything I said was the truth.” Bright bent down and stared at her eyes. “Since you are going to poison me, then shouldn’t I do something to you before you poison me to death? No matter what, I need to make sure that you have my offspring.”
	This was the Bright she was familiar with, someone who pretended to be cold but was a bad man all over.
	Rose felt that she had brought doom to herself.
	Bright’s thin lips curled up unnoticeably, fully revealing his evil charm. “This is exactly why it’s worth dying under a beautiful woman. Why doesn’t Mrs. Lee give Mr. Lee the chance?”
	Rose was moved when she heard Bright call her “Mrs. Lee”, and her face and ears turned red. His voice was too crisp and sultry – it was music to her ears, so much it was going to kill her!
	“Mr. Lee, it is clearly stated in the contract that we do not fulfill obligations between husband and wife. Buy one get one free is impossible. Please respect the contract.” Rose endured the heat in her ears and mentioned the contract, hoping to stop this man from thinking and behaving absurdly.
	“I’m almost dead. Why would I still care about those things?” Bright scoffed.
	“…” She couldn’t win over him, so she decided to just shut him up.
	Rose put the soup in front of him.
	Seeing that she had eased a little, Bright returned to his seat, then held up the soup bowl and drank slowly, savouring every bit of it.
	Rose didn't look at him anymore and lowered her head to eat her own meal.
	“This soup...” Bright's expression suddenly changed. He grabbed his heart with one hand. “It’s poisonous…”
	Rose saw his frowning eyebrows, heavy breathing, and pale face that her face also turned pale. She hurriedly kicked away the chair and headed to his side.
	“What's wrong with you, Bright...I didn't make this soup...” Rose didn’t know what to do for a moment when she saw how uncomfortable he was. “Don't scare me...how could it be poisonous...”
	“Bright...” Rose almost cried as she called his name. “I'll call the doctor—”
	Rose was about to turn around to head to the living room when she felt her hand being grabbed and pulled by someone before she fell onto the man's lap and he embraced her.
	Rose was once again frightened by Bright's bold behaviour.
	The most important thing was that he lied to her? But she believed him like a fool, and almost cried because of it.
	But he was making fun of her!
	How terrible!
	She was embarrassed and wanted to struggle to get up but was locked in place by his arms.
	“You let me go!” Rose lowered her voice.
	She looked at the door of the dining room in a panic, fearing that someone would come in and see her. By then, no matter how much she explained, she wouldn’t be able to clear things up.
	“Do you how cute you looked just now when you were worried about me?” Bright didn't care about the intimacy between them.
	“Can't you just eat properly?” Rose couldn't win against his strength at all and could only let him trap her.
	“When someone comes in and sees, you just need to admit that you are Mrs. Lee. I will definitely cooperate and won’t let you be known as the mistress.” Bright put his chin on her soft shoulder lightly. “If anyone dares to bully you, I will be the first to help you.”
	Getting bullied by others?
	He is the only one who has been bullying her, right?
	“As long as Mr. Lee let me go.” Rose's back was against his warm chest, but it was stiff.
	“What if I don't let go?” Heat from Bright's lips and nose sprayed on her face, prickling her, making her restless and nervous.
	Rose swallowed, but she was helpless.
	“Are you calling your family or the police?” Bright smiled triumphantly.
	She naturally didn't want her family to know, and the police didn't care about matters between husband and wife.
	“Mr. Lee...” Rose said softly.
	“Silent...” Bright put his finger on her soft lips. “I am very dissatisfied with being addressed as Mr. Lee.”
	“...” Rose widened her eyes.
	Didn’t she always call him that? Why are you not satisfied today? What is wrong?
	“CEO Lee?”
	He shook his head.
	“Bright.”
	He still shook his head.
	“Young master Lee...”
	He continued to shake his head.
	“Lee...”
	She really couldn't think of anything.
	“Are you doing this on purpose?” Rose wondered whether he was purposely giving her a difficult problem.
	She tilted her head and met his eyes. Her eyes were clear and reflected his handsome face.
	Bright suddenly lowered his head, and his thin lips caught her cherry lips. He kissed her deeply...
	It was just a moment, but it still made her feel the strong emotions like a storm, and it made her gradually lost.
	“We are husband and wife. You don't want to be honest in front of others. I can cooperate with you, but you have to cooperate with me when it’s just us.” Bright’s fingers brushed her red lips. “So you should know what to call me.”
	Aren’t they just a fake couple? Why is he making things difficult for her?
	“Can't say it?” Bright saw her reluctance.
	“Mr. Lee—”
	“Then I will kiss you until you can!” What a domineering pig!
Chapter 80 He Is Not Satisfied with this Title
	Rose served herself a bowl of soup first and was not afraid of him at all. “You are still alive and well, and it won’t be too late to try once that happens.”
	She smiled as she talked, then drank the soup in a particularly happy mood. Satisfaction was painted all over her face.
	“Wow, this soup is delicious.”
	Bright put his soup bowl in front of Rose and raised an eyebrow slightly. “Give me a bowl too.”
	“Don't you have any hands? I'm not a servant in your family. Scoop for yourself if you want to have it.” Rose ignored him and continued to drink her soup.
	“You’re not going to do it? Then I'll go find grandma and your dad right now and get their opinions on whether Mrs. Lee should take good care of Mr. Lee.” Bright hinted that he was going to expose their relationship as husband and wife in order to threaten her.
	Rose's face grew sullen and stared at the man in front of her. “Mr. Lee, you are not a man if you did something like this!”
	“Won’t you know if I’m a man once you try. Anyway, we are legal.” Bright's eyes were deep and unfathomable like an abyss, making her wonder whether he was joking or serious.
	“Cough, cough, cough...” Rose was so scared by his words that she choked herself and couldn’t stop coughing.
	Seeing this, Bright put down his chopsticks, walked around the table to her side, raised his hand and patted her back, hoping to make her feel better.
	“Drink some water.” The man's warm voice was stained with a smile. Because of Rose, Bright sounded helpless, as if he didn’t know what to do. “How could you be so careless when you are only having soup?”
	“Well. If it wasn’t for you….!” If he didn't talk nonsense, could she be frightened?
	Obviously, it was his fault. How could he scold her?
	“Everything I said was the truth.” Bright bent down and stared at her eyes. “Since you are going to poison me, then shouldn’t I do something to you before you poison me to death? No matter what, I need to make sure that you have my offspring.”
	This was the Bright she was familiar with, someone who pretended to be cold but was a bad man all over.
	Rose felt that she had brought doom to herself.
	Bright’s thin lips curled up unnoticeably, fully revealing his evil charm. “This is exactly why it’s worth dying under a beautiful woman. Why doesn’t Mrs. Lee give Mr. Lee the chance?”
	Rose was moved when she heard Bright call her “Mrs. Lee”, and her face and ears turned red. His voice was too crisp and sultry – it was music to her ears, so much it was going to kill her!
	“Mr. Lee, it is clearly stated in the contract that we do not fulfill obligations between husband and wife. Buy one get one free is impossible. Please respect the contract.” Rose endured the heat in her ears and mentioned the contract, hoping to stop this man from thinking and behaving absurdly.
	“I’m almost dead. Why would I still care about those things?” Bright scoffed.
	“…” She couldn’t win over him, so she decided to just shut him up.
	Rose put the soup in front of him.
	Seeing that she had eased a little, Bright returned to his seat, then held up the soup bowl and drank slowly, savouring every bit of it.
	Rose didn't look at him anymore and lowered her head to eat her own meal.
	“This soup...” Bright's expression suddenly changed. He grabbed his heart with one hand. “It’s poisonous…”
	Rose saw his frowning eyebrows, heavy breathing, and pale face that her face also turned pale. She hurriedly kicked away the chair and headed to his side.
	“What's wrong with you, Bright...I didn't make this soup...” Rose didn’t know what to do for a moment when she saw how uncomfortable he was. “Don't scare me...how could it be poisonous...”
	“Bright...” Rose almost cried as she called his name. “I'll call the doctor—”
	Rose was about to turn around to head to the living room when she felt her hand being grabbed and pulled by someone before she fell onto the man's lap and he embraced her.
	Rose was once again frightened by Bright's bold behaviour.
	The most important thing was that he lied to her? But she believed him like a fool, and almost cried because of it.
	But he was making fun of her!
	How terrible!
	She was embarrassed and wanted to struggle to get up but was locked in place by his arms.
	“You let me go!” Rose lowered her voice.
	She looked at the door of the dining room in a panic, fearing that someone would come in and see her. By then, no matter how much she explained, she wouldn’t be able to clear things up.
	“Do you how cute you looked just now when you were worried about me?” Bright didn't care about the intimacy between them.
	“Can't you just eat properly?” Rose couldn't win against his strength at all and could only let him trap her.
	“When someone comes in and sees, you just need to admit that you are Mrs. Lee. I will definitely cooperate and won’t let you be known as the mistress.” Bright put his chin on her soft shoulder lightly. “If anyone dares to bully you, I will be the first to help you.”
	Getting bullied by others?
	He is the only one who has been bullying her, right?
	“As long as Mr. Lee let me go.” Rose's back was against his warm chest, but it was stiff.
	“What if I don't let go?” Heat from Bright's lips and nose sprayed on her face, prickling her, making her restless and nervous.
	Rose swallowed, but she was helpless.
	“Are you calling your family or the police?” Bright smiled triumphantly.
	She naturally didn't want her family to know, and the police didn't care about matters between husband and wife.
	“Mr. Lee...” Rose said softly.
	“Silent...” Bright put his finger on her soft lips. “I am very dissatisfied with being addressed as Mr. Lee.”
	“...” Rose widened her eyes.
	Didn’t she always call him that? Why are you not satisfied today? What is wrong?
	“CEO Lee?”
	He shook his head.
	“Bright.”
	He still shook his head.
	“Young master Lee...”
	He continued to shake his head.
	“Lee...”
	She really couldn't think of anything.
	“Are you doing this on purpose?” Rose wondered whether he was purposely giving her a difficult problem.
	She tilted her head and met his eyes. Her eyes were clear and reflected his handsome face.
	Bright suddenly lowered his head, and his thin lips caught her cherry lips. He kissed her deeply...
	It was just a moment, but it still made her feel the strong emotions like a storm, and it made her gradually lost.
	“We are husband and wife. You don't want to be honest in front of others. I can cooperate with you, but you have to cooperate with me when it’s just us.” Bright’s fingers brushed her red lips. “So you should know what to call me.”
	Aren’t they just a fake couple? Why is he making things difficult for her?
	“Can't say it?” Bright saw her reluctance.
	“Mr. Lee—”
Chapter 81 A Long Way to Go
	Rose didn’t understand how can there be such a perverted and domineering person as Bright.
	“Hu…husband.” She was really afraid that he would kiss her again, so she could only blurt it out.
	Looking at her lovely appearance full of desire for survival, listening to her cherry-like mouth calling out this address, Bright grinned contentedly.
	But such a smile in Rose’s eyes was to let her very uncomfortable.
	However, now her arm could not twist her thigh, so she could only act according to the situation.
	“Now can you let go of me?” Rose pleaded in a low voice.
	A wise man does not fight when the odds are against him. She had to escape from the present.
	“I will let you go today. If you dare to hurt your own husband next time…” He slightly bit on her white neck, full of deterrent.
	Bright took back his arm circling her. Rose was happy when she got free, but she couldn’t let herself behave obviously.
	She slowly got up and returned to her seat.
	She took a deep breath and ate as if nothing had happened.
	Bright was mute. He picked up the soup to drink.
	The two were speechless, as if they hadn’t kissed passionately just now.
	When Elena came in, what she saw was their peaceful appearance.
	She came over with a plate of cut fruit, “Mr. Lee, Miss Rose, this is what Mr. Linder asked me to bring to you.”
	“I’m full.” Bright put down chopsticks gently.
	Rose had just experienced a moment of terror, and didn’t have the appetite.
	After dinner, Rose and Bright returned to the living room. The latter recovered to the usual cold and ascetic appearance, and said goodbye to Chandler in a reasonable manner.
	Grandma had already returned to her room to rest, and Rose would do it for Bright.
	“Manager Lee, it’s not good enough to greeting you.” Chandler turned to Rose, “You see Manager Lee off.”
	“Mr. Lee, please.” Rose held over Doris, “Doris, let’s send uncle off.”
	“It’s dark outside. Can’t uncle stay here? We have a lot of room here.” Doris talked children talk.
	“If Mr. Lee doesn’t mind, I will let servant to clean up the room for you.” Chandler was naturally happy with such a reminder.
	If Bright could stay in the Linder family for one night, how glorious was Chandler. If it spread out, others will only look up to him, and even flatter him.
	“No need.” Bright refused. But the following words made Rose frightened, “the future will be long.”
	Rose earnestly wished Bright to leave immediately, “dad, it’s late, Mr. Lee is inconvenient to drive.”
	“Our family will always welcome Mr. Lee to come here often.” Chandler didn’t urge him to stay.
	Rose sent Bright out of the door. Because Doris was on the spot, there was no way for Bright to give a parting kiss to Rose.
	“Handsome uncle, Drive carefully.” Doris hugged Bright, “I will miss you.”
	“I will miss you too.” Bright’s voice just faded away, his sight fell on Rose’s face.
	In the dim light of night, Bright’s eyes were deep and bright, just like the most shining star in the sky.
	Rose always found that Bright had something to say. Was this the Bright who Rose was familiar with?
	Bright drove away. In the end he disappeared. Rose still looked at the disappearing place of the car.
	Don’t know why, when he was around her, she thought he was superfluous and hateful; but when he left, she felt a sense of lost that could not be explained clearly.
	Was she loath to part with him?
	Impossible, she didn’t have a tendency to be abused.
	“Mum, uncle has gone far away. Let’s go home.” Doris pulled Rose’s hand and said.
	Rose took back her thoughts and shook her head. She must have a brain problem before she felt unused to it.
	“Let’s go.” Rose took the hand of Doris to go home.
	Chandler was sitting in the living room; it seemed like he was waiting for Rose and had something to talk to her.
	“Doris, you go upstairs first, mother will come soon.” Rose sent Doris away from everybody’s eyesight. “The third room on the left.”
	Doris was obedient, not asking too much, “then I wait for you.”
	Rose nodded and motioned her to go.
	Doris came before Chandler，“good night, grandpa.”
	Doris obediently went upstairs, and Rose watched her disappear in the corner with her eyes, then she sat down, “Dad, what’s the matter?”
	“She is the child you born five years ago.” Chandler’s tone was affirmative.
	“Yes.” Rose generously admitted.
	“It’s ok if you come back. Why bring her back? The Linder family has lost face because of you. Now that Sky and Sophie have married, they will come back at any time, what will Sky think when he see this? Just remind him what happened five years ago?” Chandler put on a stiff face and accused Rose of being ignorant.
	“She is my daughter. It is not wrong for her to come home with me.” Rose asked in reply to her father, “Besides, why should the child be involved in the affairs of adults? Doris is innocent!”
	“If you don’t want her to get involved, you shouldn’t have come back! Why don’t you stay in the City Y all the time?” Chandler took a sip of the tea, but found that the water was cold, bitter and hard to drink, and could only vomit it out.
	“Or you can go to the City H. You don’t need to come back to live in the Linder family. You live outside, and I allow you to come back every week to accompany grandma, is that okay? Why do you insist on living in? You want to block our hearts, don’t you?”
	“You just care about Sophie.” Rose sneered, “no matter what she did wrong, right?”
	“She is more sensible and filial than you. What can she do wrong? You are not qualified to say Sophie with your own stain!” Chandler put down his tea cup and stared at Rose.
	This morning he didn’t go with Joy to find Sophie, because the company had an emergency and he left midway, so he did not know Sophie had an accident.
	“Dad, one day I will prove you wrong, ultimately wrong.” Rose had not substantial evidence now, and dare not to venture to talk of Sophie. “So long as grandma is alive, Doris and I will be with her every day. Dad, now you can drive us away, you might as well accept the fact so that you may feel better in your heart.”
	“Dad, it’s late, you’d better go to sleep.” Rose stood up after saying that.
	“Rose, grandma can’t protect you for life. I’m the head of the Linder family. If you still want to live with that girl in our family, you have to listen to me.” Looking at his stubborn daughter, Chandler had some meaning in his sayings.
	Rose was clever, she immediately understood the hint of his father’s saying, “Dad, what do you want me to do?”
Chapter 82 Let Her Get Married
	Chandler picked up the kettle on the table and poured some hot water into the teacup.
	“Get married.”
	Rose stood in place, and then sat down again. There was no surprise or fear on her face, but only a faint smile. “Who will I marry?”
	“Timothy Fan.” Chandler plucked the tea leaves floating on the water with the tea cover, sipped the hot tea, and his heart warmed up. “And you have to take the initiative to tell grandma that you want to marry him, only him will you marry, no others.”
	Grandma would never accept a spoiled young master like Timothy Fan, so Rose was chosen to persuade her grandma.
	Her father racked his brains to push her into the fire.
	Rose knew that it would be such a result. Although she had already known her parents’ ruthlessness, and she was not as painful as being abandoned by them five years ago, she still had a trace of pain.
	These were her parents, who wanted very much her to disappear forever.
	She still had a slight of hope for them, but after they forced her to choose Timothy, she really didn’t have any hope.
	Her heart was filled with nothing but ice.
	“Why is he? Doesn’t father know what kind of person he is? He is idle and women-greedy. Is such a man father choosing for his daughter? Hadn’t father thought that if I would be happy to marry him?” Rose kept the smile on her face and spoke softly. She talked politely with her father with no emotion.
	“Rose, the ugly things you did had shamed the Linder family and brought bad reputation to you. Do you think you are still a pretty girl? Not only is your private life unclean, you don’t even know the birth father of your child. Your situation now is not good enough, isn’t it?”
	“Do you think you are still qualified to pick? Do you think the excellent men will marry a woman with a child? Although Timothy is not good at all, he has never been married. If you marry him, you are the first wife and a part of the Fan family. He shows no cold-shoulder to you, what else you want.”
	“Manager Lee is a handsome, talented young man with good family background. He has already been married. Even if not, Sophie doesn’t qualified to mate Manager Lee even if she had not married Sky. I’m afraid you are just dreaming.”
	Rose had been listening quietly. She thought that if she tells the truth that she is Mrs. Lee, Chandler will be foaming at the mouth and faint away.
	“Rose, you should wake up. Timothy is chosen by your mum and me as much as we can. Don’t be unkind. If you marry him obediently, everything will be easy. If not, it’s all over to talk.”
	Chandler stared at Rose and observed her expression.
	She was calm and unhurried, he couldn’t understand her.
	“Dad, the one grandma chose for me is Mark Fan, who belongs also to the Fan family.” Rose mentioned the person, “he is better than Timothy Fan. Since he is willing to have a blind date, he is willing to accept such me. Now that there must be marriage and it must be married to the Fan family, why not choose Mark Fan, instead of Timothy Fan.
	“Mark Fan is pretty good, but his parents died early, and Grandma Fan cannot protect him all his life. In the future, the Fan family must be in the hand of Timothy Fan’s father. If you marry Mark Fan, you will suffer a lot. We are all for your good.” Chandler made up his reasons and lied without blinking his eyes.
	Rose knew clearly that if it was not profitable with Timothy’s father, how she could have to be like this.
	“I will think about it.” Rose did not refuse directly and also did not accept. First she just coped with him like that, in order not to press him into corner.
	“Good.” Chandler also gave her time, “if Timothy Fan dates you, you should agree. Don’t promise on the face, and play another behind the back.”
	“Ok, it’s up to you.” The smile of Rose is deepened. “Then I go upstairs first.
	Chandler nodded. Rose walked upstairs slowly until she entered the bedroom. Having played tired, Doris had been asleep on the big bed, a few strands of hair glued to whose forehead.
	Rose cleared up Doris and helped her covered her quilt.
	After taking a bath, she leaned against Doris, looked down at her lovely sleeping face and laughed from the inner heart.
	“Baby, mother will protect you well.”
	There were too many things in Rose’s heart and she was not sleepy at all.
	At this time, Jane sent her a video call, and it was the time when she exactly wanted to contact Jane. It seemed that their hearts beat in unison.
	“Rose…” Jane wrinkled her face after seeing Rose. “How have you being these days since you went back?”
	“It definitely has difficulty. But I can solve it.” Rose was not afraid to face the road ahead at all. Even if it was thorny, she had to chop out a road, “Don’t worry about this. I am not who I was five years ago.”
	“Well, if there is something, tell me, not hind in the heart. Maybe I cannot help you, but I can be a good listener.” Jane cheered her on.
	“Sure. How have you been recently, still dating?” This was Jane Smith’s parents’ persistence.
	“Yes, this time I met an extreme man. He doesn’t have a local account and loathe my low salary. He demands that he would take care of the money after marriage. Damn it!” Jane was extremely angry, “my mother is totally hoodwinking me.”
	Rose gave a mean smile, in exchange for Jane’s reproachful eye.
	Rose stopped laughing, “My grandma is also making a blind date for me. My scum father and mother are also not being idle; they even found a spoiled young master for me. Just now they had forced me to marry. My father even said I extravagantly hope the handsome and talented young man like Bright!”
	“Isn’t Mr. Lee married?” Jane also saw the news, “Rose, I want to ask you a question. Don’t you feel a bit lost when Mr. Lee married another woman? He is dad of Doris, and the man who had a one night relationship with you.”
	“No.” Rose shook her head firmly.
	“You are not a pity at all?” Jane was obviously lost, “Such an extremely good man is already someone else’s husband. It’s heartache just thinking about it.”
	“You don’t agree that I have an intersection with him, isn’t it?”
	“But after I got in touch with Mr. Lee, I found that I had thought too bad of him. I support you now; you can give Doris a complete home. But it’s too late to say that. He is someone else’s husband.” Jane was very sorry, “I shouldn’t object to it before. Maybe you two have been success.”
	“It’s not too late.” Rose raised her eyebrows to Jane over the video. Her mysterious appearance aroused her curiosity.
	“What do you mean? You want to be a mistress? Or you want to use Doris as bargaining chip to seize back Mr. Lee?” Jane’s eyes gradually gathered with panic, “Rose, don’t get muddle-headed!”
Chapter 83 Try To Love Him
	Jane Smith was worried about her close friend and afraid that she would do something earth-shattering.
	Against Bright, perhaps Rose would be in an unfavorable situation, Jane thought.
	"I don't think so. You're thinking too much." Rose shook her head with laughing, while Jane Smith was chirping.
	Hearing that, Jane was relieved holding her chest and said, "That would be better. Anyway, you want to have nothing to do with him. Since he's married, your life won't be involved with him anymore."
	"Jane, actually I, he..." pausing, Rose hesitated to tell her friend the relationship between her and Bright, "Our relationship is getting more and more complicated."
	Jane Smith was confused, frowning, "Rose, what do you mean?" You are a little muddled, aren't you? Mr. Lee is married. And you don't want to have anything to do with him. How can it be more and more complicated?"
	"Oh, I know. Mr. Lee forced you to be his mistress..." Jane guessed so cautiously that Rose would not get mad.
	"No." Rose denied, "How could it be like this? Your imagination is really outlandish."
	Jane nodded, "Mr. Lee is so handsome and wealthy that a lot of women would like to hit on him. How can he compel you! So, what happened to you guys?"
	"I see. Does he know that he is the real father of Doris? So, it is natural that the relationship between the birth parents gets closer." Jane affirmed.
	"No." Rose shook her head calmly.
	"What is it?" Out of curiosity, Jane pleaded with Rose, "Tell me what happened to you guys, please."
	Rose cleared her throat, staring at Jane who is anxious and curious, "Well, don't be surprised."
	"OK." Jane listened so carefully that she would not miss anything important.
	"Jane, in fact, I am Mrs. Lee." Rose told her the truth.
	Hearing that clearly, Jane was surprised and stunned for two minutes, and then she screamed!
	Rose felt a headache and stuffed up her ears with her hands while Jane was screaming.
	"Rose, what are you talking about?" Jane said thrillingly.
	"I am Mrs. Lee, the wife of Bright Lee." Rose repeated it seriously and clearly.
	"Why? Give me a second, I need to calm down." Jane was even more in panic than Rose when she knew that she got married with Bright.
	After calming down, she asked Rose in confusion, "You mean, Bright is that guy you marry in a contract! So, he is your Mr. Mystery?"
	"Yeah." Rose nodded seriously, "Jane, listen to me..."
	Then she told Jane what happened to them.
	"Oh my God? It is so fantastic." Hearing that, Jane still thought it was not true.
	Rose sold her marriage to cure her daughter, Doris, but signed a marriage contract with Doris's real father.
	It was so dramatic even that there was no such soap like this.
	"In fact, it's not so bad. At least you three could live together a happy life now. It is the best for Doris because she has mom and dad." Jane said. Jane Smith believed that it was lucky for Rose Linder to sign that contract. "Maybe it's your fate."
	"However, it is over soon." Rose told the cruel fact to Jane, "We are gonna divorce in a month, according to the contract."
	"Yeah, your three-year marriage is due." Jane Smith thought that too, "So what are you gonna do?" Divorce or not?"
	"I don't have rights to refuse from the beginning to the end. He is the last one to decide whether we are divorced or not." Rose said reluctantly when glancing at her daughter, still asleep.
	"Rose..." Jane Smith said, "I think Mr. Lee doesn't want a divorce since he released his marriage in public. As the president of HY Group, if he gets divorced after announcing he's married, it does do harm to the images of himself, the Lee family and even HY Group. So, some wealthy couples would not to divorce even if they don't like each other, but they would choose to maintain this marriage for the public image."
	"So what?" Rose sighed, "But it's not what I want."
	Even if she couldn't find Mr. Right at the end of her life, she would not spend the rest of her life in this marriage without love.
	"Rose, Doris just found her father. She is so fond of Mr. Lee that she seemed to think Mr. Lee as her real father. And Mr. Lee cares about her so much. It is sincere for him to cares about the child that is unrelated to him, even if she is his real daughter. What does he want by doing such things?"
	"So, I'm not going to tell Doris about my marriage with Bright, and it would not change anything after divorce. He's still just her Uncle Lee." Rose didn't want to disappoint her child.
	"Rose, just have a try, for Doris."
	Jane changed her attitude to Bright completely, not rejecting but accepting.
	As a mature man, it’s great to see his tolerance and compassion.
	"How am I gonna do?" Rose asked.
	"Try to give Doris an intact family by accepting, understanding and even falling in love with Mr. Lee. Your family of three will never be broken, if you love each other. It's perfect, isn't it?" Perhaps it was the best result.
	"I don't want to be in love anymore." Rose was dead at heart.
	"Rose, you are a fool when you give up your happiness for that brute and bitch!" Jane knew that Rose rejected the love thanks to her heartbreak five years ago.
	"No. No love, no hurt. Nothing is more important than being with Doris." Her daughter was her everything, Rose thought.
	"No, Rose, you're wrong!" Jane was so angry with Rose for the first time, "You disappoint me a lot, because you give up such a good chance when other women try their best to attract Mr. Lee."
Chapter 84 Buy a Car or Not
	Rose stayed quiet, pressing her lips.
	"Rose, listen to me. If Sky really loved you, he should believe in you, not marrying your vicious sister after dumping you. That means he didn’t like you. Why not live in a happy life just for Doris? You should have forgotten that scum. She is just a child even if she is thoughtful early."
	"Even you are being with her, she still needs a father. Rose, as her mother, you don't have any right to deprive for that. Rose, you need to live in a happier life than that scum and bitch."
	Jane felt such pity for Rose as well as Doris.
	"I know that you would live in a better life without relying on man, but it's OK, just occasionally trusting someone. If you accept Mr. Lee, you would not feel lonely when you are tired, sad and weak. It's good, isn't it?"
	"It is the happiest moment for Doris to have an intact family. She thinks that she gets two people that love her so much."
	"Rose, if you love your daughter, just do it for her."
	……
	Rose just listened quietly, while Jane talked away upon it alone.
	Jane knew Rose heard what she said.
	Rose didn't know when this call hanged up, and she felt like in a mess.
	She lay down on her bed and closed her eyes, holding Doris in her arms gently.
	In the morning, the sunlight kissed the ground, with the breeze through the window.
	Rose was awake, appreciating her pretty girl sleeping in her arms.
	She kissed Doris’s little face.
	Doris rubbed her eyes and opened them, "Mommy, you scared my Dougie because you kissed him."
	"..." Rose was surprised a little. It was obvious that she kissed her daughter. Why did she talk about Dougie?
	"I dreamed of Dougie. We were grown up. He asked me to be his girlfriend. I was about to say yes when you kissed him..." Doris touched Rose, "Mommy, you have to do something for me."
	"I brought you up. Is it for that daydream?" Rose nipped her nose, "It doesn't work. If you can be Dougie's girlfriend when you are grown up, that's my girl."
	"Mommy, you don't have to worry about that. Definitely I will be his girlfriend." Doris brought out her necklace round her neck, "It's a token of affection from Dougie. I will take this to see him and ask him to be my boyfriend after I am grown-up."
	"There are many rivals in love to you. Good luck to you." Rose thought, it's hard for her daughter to find her Mr. Right. Maybe she would be the rival of all the girls.
	"I'm always the lucky one. Don't worry. Mommy, I will bring back a tall and handsome son-in-law for you." Doris promised so confidently.
	Rose didn't know why her five-year-old girl was so obsessed with a boy, and even would like to be his bride in the future.
	Of course, Rose just thought it was a baby-talk, and she forgot this very soon.
	Rose and Doris got up, brushed teeth and washed faces together.
	Rose braided Doris beautiful hair, and dressed her in a pretty skirt. Then they went downstairs hand in hand together.
	Jennifer was sitting in the restaurant early, looking fresh today.
	After seeing Jennifer, Doris let go her mother's hand, and ran to kiss Jennifer, "Good morning, my great nanny."
	"My dear, good morning." Jennifer touched her hair.
	At this time, when Chandler came there, Doris kissed him and smiled, "Good morning, Grandpa."
	Chandler was somewhat overwhelmed by her kiss, "Good... good morning."
	Rose asked Doris to sit down and then had breakfast.
	"Where is Joy? I haven't seen her since yesterday." Jennifer asked Chandler.
	"She goes to City G with Sophie, and maybe they will come back in a week." Chandler suddenly heard that from Joy yesterday.
	"Doris came home. How can she be her grandma like this?" Jennifer sniffed.
	"It was a snap decision." Chandler spoke for his wife.
	"It's really coincidental." Jennifer said when digging into her porridge.
	Chandler didn't answer, just having breakfast quietly.
	After breakfast, Jennifer said to Chandler, "You should drive Rose and Doris to company and kindergarten."
	"Mom, we are not on the same way." Chandler said, "And Doris has to go to the kindergarten. It's a waste of time because of the traffic jam in the morning."
	"That's your daughter and granddaughter. What's wrong with you?" Jennifer was discontent.
	"Grandma, don't be mad. I think Dad's right. It's really a waste of time on the way." Rose agreed with Chandler "strangely".
	Hearing this, Chandler nodded with satisfaction, and thought Rose was considerable this time.
	"Grandma, how about buying a car for me? Then I'll drive myself to work and Doris to school." How could Rose just let go her "Dear" father easily?
	"Yeah, that's a good idea." Jennifer Linder totally agreed with that.
	However, Chandler just knew it's deliberate. Rose wanted to get a car without spending one penny.
	"I don't agree. There are driver and cars at home. She can drive any car if she likes." Chandler was not willing to spend his money for Rose.
	"The driver should stay at home just in case of need, and those cars are not right for me." Rose decided to buy a new car, "I remember that Dad and Mom bought a Ferrari for my sister. Dad, you can't favor one daughter more than another. I should have what my sister has. We're both your daughters."
	Chandler was so angry. How dared she! Did she deserve that?
	"Yeah, it's deal." Jennifer decided, "Let's buy it tomorrow."
	"Mom, it costs a lot of money." Chandler almost lost his temper.
	That car would cost him more than 4 million.
	If he bought it, Joy would get mad with him when she came back.
	"So? Can't you afford a car to your daughter, as a president of CL Group? You are such low-life?" Jennifer Linder said ironically, "In a word, Buy a car or not?"
Chapter 85 I'm not afraid of trouble
	Chandler knew that Jennifer had made up her mind. He reluctantly said, "Mom, I don't have time now. Otherwise, let's wait for Joy to come back and take her to an auto shop to have a look."
	He couldn't deal with his mother, so he could only use a postponement strategy. When Joy came back to deal with it, he would not be too embarrassed.
	"Since you don't have time, I'll take my granddaughter to buy a car, and then you only have to pay for it." Jennifer stared at her hopeless son. She knew what her son was thinking—he was just afraid of his wife.
	"Mom, it's not easy to buy a car. You have to take it seriously." Chandler was very upset.
	"It will be too late when you think about it." Jennifer said. Obviously, Chandler's postponement strategy didn't work for Jennifer. "Rose and Doris didn't have a car to drive for a week. Would you let them walk to work or school?"
	"Then I'll drive them for a week." Chandler compromised.
	But Rose didn't want to take Chandler's car either. They disliked each other and were embarrassed to meet each other.
	She must buy the car today, otherwise it wouldn’t be easy to buy a car when Joy came back.
	"Grandma, Dad, please stop arguing. I'll take a taxi with Doris. It's just a week anyway, we will be fine. Doris, do you think so?” On the surface, Rose was wronging herself. In fact, she was trying to force Chandler into a desperate situation.
	“Of course not! How can my baby great-granddaughter take a taxi when she is just home for only one day? The Lin family would be a laughingstock. ” Jennifer couldn't calm down after hearing Rose's words, "Chandler, are you so henpecked that you dare not buy a car for your daughter? Why didn't you hesitate at all when you bought a car for Sophie? Why are there so many excuses for buying a car for Rose? Chandler, if you don’t agree to buy a car for Rose today, I will die in front of you.”
	Jennifer picked up the fork on the table and pressed it against her neck, obviously threatening Chandler.
	"Grandma, don't do that. I don't want a car anymore." Rose finally understood that grandma just loved her hard.
	She was moved. Her eyes turned red in an instant, and tears filled her eyes.
	"Great-grandmother, put down the fork. My mother and teacher said that it was too dangerous." Doris was not scared, instead she persuaded Jennifer. This little child had a kind heart.
	Jennifer was also moved. She felt it was worth it for them.
	"Mom, you're forcing me." Chandler wrinkled his face anxiously.
	He looked at Rose and was very angry. He wanted the daughter to disappear.
	"I'm just forcing you. If you were fair to Rose, I wouldn't be so!" Jennifer was too disappointed with her son.
	"She just said she wouldn't buy it." Chandler said.
	"It’s me that want you to buy it now. It has nothing to do with Rose." Jennifer looked determined. She repeated again, "Will you buy or not?"
	"Okay, I'll buy it!" Chandler felt that his brain was about to explode. He could only agree in the end.
	"Remember what you said." Jennifer took the fork away from her neck.
	Chandler left angrily. He didn't want to stay for another second.
	Rose stepped forward, took her grandmother's hand and said, "Grandma, I don't want you to risk your life. Don't do it for me. You will only make me feel unfilial."
	"I'm old and useless. I can only fight for you while I'm still alive." Jennifer sighed, and sad, "I must finish what I can do for you now. I'm afraid I won't live long..."
	"Grandma, I don't want you to say that! You have to stay with me and Doris." Rose knelt at her grandma's feet, hugged her grandma, her head on grandma’s knees, tears streaming down her cheeks.
	"Great-grandmother will live a hundred years old." Doris ran over and said naively.
	"Ok." Jennifer stroked them with a faint worry in her heart.
	After a long time, Jennifer said, "you should go to work now, don't be late."
	After adjusting her mood, Rose said goodbye to her grandmother and left with Doris.
	Doris went to school at St. Bellier, a noble kindergarten in City H, which was handled by Nora Cooper. The tuition fee of this kindergarten for one year was the expenditure of an ordinary family for one year.
	Without Nora Cooper's personal connections, transfer students like Doris would not be able to attend the school, and there would be no discount on tuition.
	Rose sent Doris to the door of the kindergarten, and a teacher received them.
	She waved goodbye to Doris and heard two horns behind her. She turned to see that it was a black Land Rover, and the driver was Matthew.
	He sat in the car. Rose saw his resolute face through the window.
	"Miss Linder, get in the car. I'm on my way to the company." Matthew invited her to get into the car.
	Rose took a look at the time and didn't refuse. It was not the first time to ride in his car anyway. If she refused him, she would appear hypocritical.
	She pulled open the car door and sat on it, "Thank you, Mr. Sue. Are you sending your children to school?"
	"Yes, my son is already in senior class." Matthew drove the car slowly away from the crowded area. "Is Miss Linder's daughter also going to school here? Why didn't I meet you a few days ago?"
	"My daughter just transferred to the kindergarten. It was my friend who handled the procedures. She helped me deliver the children these days." Rose explained, thinking that if she handled transfer procedures, she would not send Doris to such an expensive kindergarten.
	"No wonder..." Matthew grinned.
	After they arrived at the company, Rose thanked Matthew and entered the company.
	Rose was busy with work in the morning and almost never rested.
	In contrast, she had a leisurely afternoon. It was time to pick up Doris in kindergarten.
	She packed up and was ready to get off work, but she received a message to add friends.
	When she saw that the profile picture was Matthew, she accepted it.
	A message came in. [Do you want to pick up the children in kindergarten together?]
	[No trouble, I have something else to do, you could go first.] Although it was on the way, it was not good to always ride in someone else's car.
	[Is there much work today?] Matthew sent another message,[Don’t keep the kids waiting. I’ll drive and wait for you on the side of the road.]
	Rose held the phone, typed and deleted. She didn't know how to send the message properly, so she gave up in the end.
	After work, she still lingered for some time. She didn't want to be seen by the public, so she left the company after all the others had gone.
	Matthew's car stopped by the side of the road, waiting for her.
	Seeing that there was no one nearby, Rose hurried over and got into the car, "Mr. Sue, I'm sorry to keep you waiting."
	"It’s okay." Matthew turned left and drove into the main road. "Are you afraid that others will talk nonsense after seeing us ride together?"
	Rose smiled. It seemed that he guessed the reason, "I am mainly afraid of causing you trouble."
	"It's okay, I'm not afraid of trouble." Matthew said.
	What did he mean?
Chapter 86 We Are Friends from Now on
	Rose didn't dare to think deeply, nor did she dare to think nonsense.
	She sat there, smiling but silent.
	"I mean a man of moral integrity does not fear any slanderous attack, and we cannot control others' gossip." Matthew saw it very clearly.
	"It is always right to be cautious." Rose knew the truth, but there would always be some people who liked malicious speculation and reckless invention in the society.
	"Well, Miss Linder is right. I have been thoughtless." Matthew nodded and agreed, "I will be more careful in the future."
	"That's OK. My father is going to buy a car for me, and I will not ask Mr. Sue to give me a lift." Rose said it deliberately so as to keep appropriate distance away from Matthew, "Thanks very much, Mr. Sue."
	"You are welcome, Miss Linder. We are just on the same way home." Matthew was driving attentively.
	Rose stopped disturbing him again, but watched the scenery outside the window.
	The streetscapes that passed across her eyes were so familiar but also somewhat strange. After 5 years, the city where she was born and bred had changed quietly.
	Just like her, she was still Rose Linder, but was no longer the Rose Linder of 5 years ago.
	Although the kindergarten was close to the company, it took them approximately half an hour due to the evening rush hour.
	Rose and Matthew arrived at the classroom to pick up their children, but they found that their children were in the same class.
	There were only Doris and a slightly chubby boy in the classroom.
	Doris was folding a paper crane and the little boy was watching Doris, "Could you teach me?"
	"It is so complicated that you cannot learn." Doris concentrated on folding the paper crane.
	"How do you know if you don't let me have a try? I will give the first one to you once I learn how to fold it." The little boy didn't know what to do with the paper in hand.
	"I don't need yours. I can fold it by myself." Doris said with disdain.
	"..." The little boy was somewhat unhappy.
	Seeing this, Rose said gently, "Doris, it will be more fun if you teach your friend and allow him to fold it with you together."
	"Mommy."
	"Daddy."
	Seeing their parents come, Doris and the little boy felt extremely happy.
	"Doris, this is Mr. Sue, boss of mommy." Doris introduced.
	"Hello, Mr. Sue. My name is Doris Linder. You can call me Doris." Doris' voice was so tender and lovely.
	"Hello, I am Wyatt Sue's father." Matthew stretched out his hand to Doris.
	Filled with surprise in the eyes, Doris looked at the little chubby boy, "Wyatt, your father is much more handsome than you. Are you really the biological son of your father?"
	Wyatt sobbed and said with grievance, "Daddy, am I your biological son?"
	"Of course, you are my son." Matthew frowned and kept a straight face.
	"But... but the adults said I was not your biological son." The little boy felt sad and grieved.
	"They were talking nonsense." Matthew frowned more tightly, "Daddy will not love you if you keep crying."
	"You will abandon me just as mom did?" Wyatt bit his lips, full of worry in his innocent eyes.
	"Never." Matthew shook his head, "But daddy doesn't like your crying. Just remember that we are men and we shouldn't cry."
	"Yes." Wyatt nodded hard with a hazy notion, with his face covered with tears.
	Rose roughly guessed what had happened hearing the short dialogue between the father and the son.
	Matthew should have divorced from his wife and he had the custody of his child. Therefore, Wyatt thought his mother had abandoned him, which left a shadow in his heart.
	Children were always sensitive and fragile, and Rose began to feel sorry for the boy without mother.
	Rose bent down and whispered something in Doris' ear. Then Doris walked up to Wyatt, took his fat little hand and put the paper crane folded just now in his palm.
	"Wyatt, here you are, and we are friends from now on. If someone dares to say you are not Mr. Sue's son, I will beat him up." Doris was very powerful and aggressive, just like an utterly tough girl.
	Looking at the paper crane, Wyatt suddenly stopped crying and smiled, "Thank you, Doris. I have a friend now."
	"You are really not like Mr. Sue's son while crying." Doris stretched out her hand to pat Wyatt on the shoulder, "You have to be a real man like Mr. Sue. First of all, you shouldn't cry easily."
	"Well, yes. I will never cry again in the future." Wyatt quickly rubbed his tears away from his face.
	"Well, let's go." Rose took Doris by the hand.
	Doris took Wyatt's the hand, and Wyatt took his father's.
	The two adults were on both sides and the two children were in the middle. The four of them left the classroom hand in hand until they walked out of the kindergarten.
	Those who didn't know the truth would think they were family.
	"Doris, say goodbye to Mr. Xu and Wyatt." Rose reminded Doris.
	Doris loosened Wyatt's hand and waved her hand to them, "Bye-bye."
	"Daddy, may I invite Doris to come over to our house?" Wyatt was unwilling to say goodbye to his new friend, and looked up at his father to come up with this requirement.
	Matthew also saw that his son wanted to have more contact with Doris. Besides, Doris had a very nice personality, vivacious and innocent. He wanted his son to be optimistic like Doris.
	"Why not? But you have to ask Doris if she'd like to come." Matthew looked at Doris and Rose.
	Wyatt was a little timid and didn't know how to express it, "Doris, will you come over to our house?"
	"Not now. I will go later after we have more contact." Doris refused euphemistically because it was impolite to go to the house of a new friend.
	"Well…" Wyatt pressed his lips together and looked very disappointed.
	He looked at his father and wanted to ask his father to help him, because he really wanted to play with Doris for a longer while.
	Matthew raised his wrist to check the time, "Miss Linder, it's time to have dinner. How about we taking the children to have a meal together and let them have more fun. What do you think?"
	"Mr. Sue, it is so sudden." Rose hadn't prepared herself to have dinner with her boss.
	"Miss Linder, last time you said you want to treat me to a dinner. There is no need to choose another day, and how about today?" Matthew had only this way to make Rose and Doris stay.
	Rose looked at Wyatt and couldn't bear to let the children down. In addition, she indeed owed Matthew a favor and promised to have dinner with him.
	"Well, OK."
	"Aunt Rose has agreed to have dinner with us." Matthew explained to his son.
	"Really? That's so good. Thank you, Aunt Rose and Doris." Wyatt bent down to express his gratitude to them. He was so small and lovely.
	"You are welcome."
	In this way, Rose took Doris into Matthew's car and Matthew drove them to a nearby pastoral restaurant, which was suitable for children.
	The restaurant was called Mom's Kitchen, where the dishes were light and nutritious, especially the buffet in the carte area, where there was emulational dishes for reference.
	Rose sat down with the children and Matthew went to order the food.
	Her cellphone rang. It was Bright who made the phone call.
Chapter 87 Come on, Mr. Lee
	Looking at the words "Mr. Lee" on the screen, Rose instinctively knitted her brows. Why did he come to disturb her again after she relaxed herself for only one day? Now she knew what a lingering ghost meant.
	Doris, who was sitting beside Rose, saw Rose just staring at the phone, without any intention to answer it, and Doris saw the name on the phone screen unconsciously.
	"Mommy, it is handsome uncle. Why not answer the phone?" Doris urged her mother while playing with another folded paper crane in hand, "Mommy, it is impolite. Maybe he has something important to talk with you."
	"What important thing does he have?" Rose hadn't decided to answer the phone.
	He called her so hurriedly for nothing important but definitely to ask their parents to meet for dinner.
	"Well, he calls you for nothing important, but maybe he has something important to tell me." Doris smiled while speaking, "Handsome uncle must be missing me."
	"…" Rose slightly opened her eyes to look at the lovely girl in front of her.
	‘What a narcissistic girl.'
	"Doesn't uncle miss me?" Seeing Rose's strange and funny expression, Doris asked rhetorically and primly. "Mommy, I have given it careful thought. Since handsome uncle and I can't be a couple, but we want to be together so much, I have to give him away to you. Mommy, seize the happiness, for me!"
	Nonsense!
	Rose didn't know what her daughter was thinking about.
	"Is he so good that you treat him this way?" Rose put her cheeks between her hands and looked askance at Doris.
	"Firstly, uncle is the most handsome man I have seen around you. Secondly, he helped me see the person I loved most, Dougie. Besides, I have hugged him and received his gift. It was so cool." Doris became more and more excited as she said, "Thirdly, he cherishes me very much. Since he cares me a lot, he will definitely treat you very well…"
	Doris snapped her fair fingers to count Bright's merits or the reasons why she chose him.
	Rose was thinking carefully about what Doris said, while Doris, who had just finished talking, suddenly took up the phone from the table, "If you don't answer it, I will."
	Seeing Doris take away her cellphone, Rose moved a little but finally didn't take it back.
	Now that she didn't know how to face Bright, why not let Doris to deal with it?
	"Hello, handsome uncle." Doris' voice was very brisk and happy.
	"Baby girl, do you miss me?" As soon as Bright heard the voice of the happy girl, the irritation of waiting for phone answering disappeared immediately.
	"Of course."
	"How?"
	"I miss you so much that I cannot eat well and become more and more emaciated…Shall I compare thee to a summer's day? Thou art more lovely and more temperate. How I miss you!" Doris said with grievance.
	Rose tilted lightly her head to look at her daughter, and lightly raised her eyebrow as if asking from where she learnt these words.
	Doris replied with her eyebrow raised, looking naughty.
	"Ha ha…" Hearing Doris' lovely reply, Bright laughed so brightly with happiness, and then he came back to his deep and attractive voice, "I miss you, too."
	"Well, how do you miss you?" Doris imitated Bright's tone naughtily.
	"I miss you so much that I hope to stay with you every day and want to see your smile." Bright thought the love he had towards Doris would never change because of her identity.
	After knowing Doris was Sky's daughter, he really felt so distressed that he couldn't accept it.
	He had thought he should stop this like towards her, because she had her own biological father after all. As an outsider, no matter how he loved her, he couldn't replace her father.
	However, he couldn't help thinking of her fair and lovely face and her smile like a glow of warm sunshine.
	"Have you said that we can stay together once we become family? Come on, handsome uncle." Doris turned around and said with a low voice, "I will help you to win my mother's heart."
	"Doris, what are you saying?" An obviously "discontented" voice rose behind Doris, with a hint of coldness.
	Doris turned around, with a smile on her face, looked at Rose's sharp eyes and swallowed, "Nothing. I just said I miss handsome uncle, which does not violate the law."
	"Don't play the fool." Rose stared lightly at Doris so as to warn Doris not to talk nonsense.
	"Have you eaten yet?" Bright changed the topic when hearing Rose's reprimand towards Doris.
	"We are having dinner." Doris took up the glass and drank some water.
	At this time, Matthew came over and sat down after ordering the food, "I have ordered some light dishes that are suitable for children."
	"Thank you, Mr. Sue." Rose served some tea into his glass.
	Bright perceived Matthew's voice sensitively, "With whom are you having dinner?"
	"With a kindergarten classmate I've just known. He has become my friend, as well as his father, Mr. Sue." Doris said honestly.
	When Bright heard "Mr. Sue", he frowned, "Doris, give the phone to your mother. I want to talk with her."
	Doris handed the phone to Rose, "He wants to talk with you."
	Rose glanced at the cellphone and had no choice but take it up, forcing herself to be unperturbed, "Well, what's the matter?"
	"Rose, we just separated last night. Dare you have dinner with another man without my knowledge? Does Mrs. Lee take me, your husband, seriously?" Bright said with a joking tone, but the unhappiness reflected in his words was heard clearly by Rose.
	"Have you eaten yet?" Rose didn't answer, but asked.
	"Not yet." Bright stretched his hand to adjust his tie, "Mr. Lee has to earn money for the family. What about Mrs. Lee showing some mercy on her husband and coming back home to cook dinner for him?"
	"You've really done a hard work." Rose ignored the vagueness in his tone, "Then go back home to have a rest. I believe that the aunt has already prepared a rich supper for you."
	"The food prepared by my wife will be more delicious." A hint of tiredness appeared in Bright's voice.
	Hearing his hoarse voice, Rose was moved with compassion, "It's impossible to finish the work. Go to bed early."
	"Does Mrs. Lee care about me?" Bright laughed lightly.
	"…" Rose kept silent.
	"Is the father of Doris' classmate pursuing you?" Bright asked.
	"How is it possible?" Rose denied directly.
	"Don't eat out with other men in the future." He said with possessiveness.
	"Have you finished talking?"
	"Not yet." Bright was like a naughty child at this time, "Do you miss me?"
Chapter 88 It Can't Happen Again
	He said it so soft and light that he seemed like a different person from Bright, who had been so overbearing and powerful.
	And he sounded so tired that anyone who heard him would feel bad for him.
	It was noisy in the dining room, but Rose felt quiet around her, and all she could hear was Bright's clear breathing and her own heart beating.
	She held the phone and listened to his breathing without feeling bored or uncomfortable. Instead, she felt so good.
	What was wrong with her?
	How could she think Bright's breathing was pleasant to the ear?
	She kept silent for so long that Matthew looked at her, whose mind had drifted away, and said gently, "Miss Linder, the dinner is ready."
	"Oh." Rose came to her senses and said to Bright, "I have to go now."
	"It can't happen again next time." Bright softened his reprimand, "And go home with Doris after dinner. Don't hang around. Keep it in your mind that you are married, you have to behave yourself."
	What was wrong with her behavior? She just had dinner with her colleague, and there were kids with them.
	Their marriage was about to end and there would be no chance that she could misbehave herself.
	"I know exactly what to do and what not to do, and I don't need you to remind me." Rose was unhappy that he had some comments on her acts.
	She was not an easy woman and she would only do what she was supposed to do.
	"Well, that's great." Bright didn't have much energy to talk to her. He seemed really tired.
	In Rose's eyes, Bright had always been an omnipotent person. Nothing could easily knock him down, but what made him so tired? Was he sick, or did he encounter problems in work?
	She had many questions, but it was not the right time for further discussion.
	She'd better had dinner first and then went home.
	"Well, bye." Rose said, adding, "Take care of yourself."
	"Okay."
	Rose put away her cell phone and looked at the dishes on the table.
	The dishes were light, but their colors were combined so well that they made Rose feel appetizing at a glance.
	"Is that your friend?" Matthew asked casually.
	"Yes." Rose nodded, without saying much.
	With a knowing look on his face, Matthew ladled two bowls of soup for Doris and Wyatt, and then he gave another bowl to Rose.
	"Do these dishes agree with you? You can order others if you don't like them." Matthew was as considerate and thoughtful as a gentleman.
	"I like all of them." Rose thought the four of them couldn't even finish the dishes in front of them, so there was no need to order more.
	Although she preferred spicy food, she used to have a light diet for Doris to eat nutritious and healthy food.
	"Enjoy yourself." Matthew picked the soup up. "It's a nice soup with some nutritious food in it. It tastes good."
	Rose took a sip of the soup. It was really delicious, with a faint smell of radish and medicine.
	"Yes, it is delicious." Rose gently lifted her eyes to look at the man opposite her.
	It was really a blessing to meet such a considerate and caring man.
	Rose wondered what kind of woman would leave a successful man like Matthew, who was attractive and responsible.
	Matthew felt Rose's eyes and asked, "Is there something on my face?"
	"No... No."
	Embarrassed, Rose ducked her head and continued to have her soup.
	At this moment, Wyatt seemed to remember something and asked Doris, "Doris, you just read a poem, didn't you? What is that? Could you teach me?"
	Wyatt looked at Doris admiringly.
	Doris bit the radish, and said, "I'm hungry. Can I fill my stomach first?"
	"Shall I compare thee to a summer's day? Thou art more lovely and more temperate." Matthew replied, looking at his son's curious face.
	"You know it, papa." Wyatt turned his head and looked at his father. "Dad, what does that mean?"
	"It literally means that the author thought his lover was so lovely and cute just like a summer's day, and she is even more beautiful than the summer." Matthew explained patiently to his son, "It describes the author's love for his lover."
	Wyatt looked confused.
	"Where did Doris learn that?" Matthew asked Rose, wondering if Rose taught her this.
	Rose shook her head quickly. "I don't know how she knew that."
	"I learned it from TV." Doris said directly. "That's what they acted in the soap operas. It is so sweet."
	Rose felt speechless.
	Matthew and Rose looked at each other, saying nothing.
	This girl was so funny.
	"Don't watch so many soap operas." Rose didn't think it would be good for Doris.
	"I didn't want to watch them. I watched them with Nora and Jane." Doris shrugged to show her resignation.
	Rose felt guilty again, blaming herself for not spending enough time with her daughter.
	"Well, I won't watch soap operas with them anymore." Doris understood what her mother was thinking. "I'll read more books."
	Rose reached out her hand and caressed her daughter's head, feeling relieved.
	Rose wanted to pay for a meal, but Matthew beat her to the punch.
	"Leave it to me." Matthew handed the card to the clerk.
	"But I owed you and promised to treat you to dinner. It should be my treat." Rose said.
	"It is Wyatt's father to treat his classmate and his classmate's mother to dinner. The meal you owe me is between the two of us. There's another chance for you to treat me." Since Matthew said so, there were no reasons after Rose to refuse him.
	Matthew paid the bill, took the receipt, and took Wyatt and Rose out of the restaurant.
	They went to the parking lot to pick up their car, and not far from Matthew's car, a woman in a black low-v skirt was flirting with a young man standing in front of a yellow sports car.
	When Wyatt walked by them, his eyes fell on the woman. He held his father and asked in a low voice, "Dad, is that mom?"
Chapter 89 You Are Not My Daughter, But a Disaster
	His eyes were so eager, eager for his father's answer, eager for maternal love.
	"Wyatt, that is not your mother." Matthew stood still and denied.
	"But she looks just like mother." Wyatt looked at the woman wearing delicate makeup and asked again.
	"She is not mother." There was a note of displeasure in Matthew's voice. "Mom's gone home. She's gone to Grandma's. How could she be here??"
	Wyatt bit his lip and did not accept his father's answer.
	"Come on." Matthew pulled his son away.
	But Wyatt looked back at the woman in black, with hope and deep expectation in his eyes.
	And that woman happened to look over, with a gorgeous smile on her face, and when she saw Wyatt, she smiled more charmingly.
	The young man put his arm around her waist and smirked, trying to kiss her.
	She coquettishly pushed that man away, then gently said, "You are really bad."
	"Women love bad men, don't they? Give me a kiss." The young man put his arm around her tiny waist and gave her a kiss on the cheek.
	Would the woman be Wyatt's mother, Matthew's ex-wife?
	Rose didn't believe it at all.
	It was not a problem to marry a good lady with Matthew's conditions.
	That woman just looked like a social butterfly who didn't deserve Matthew.
	However, Wyatt's eyes and look told that he didn't mistake his mother. A child would not mistake his own mother.
	Matthew was colder than he had been. He was calm, horribly calm.
	Rose led Doris without speaking and followed Matthew to a Land Rover.
	The children got in first, and then she followed. Matthew drove out of the parking lot without saying a word.
	The woman in the mirror dwindled into a black dot bit by bit and then disappeared.
	Matthew lowered the window a little to let some air in, which eased the suffocating atmosphere in the car.
	After a moment, Matthew remembered something, "Miss Linder, where do you live? I'll take you home."
	"Mr. Sue, just drop us off in the front corner." Rose could tell that Matthew was in a bad mood.
	What he needed now was calmness and she didn't want to disturb him much.
	"Okay." Matthew didn't say much.
	A few meters ahead, Matthew pulled over and Rose took Doris out.
	"Thank you, Mr. Sue. Goodbye." said Rose, "Send me a message when you are home."
	Matthew just nodded. His face was hidden in the shadow, and his eyes were gloomy.
	Rose and Doris waved to them. Wyatt looked at Doris and choked back his tears.
	"See you tomorrow, Doris."
	Wyatt leaned over the window.
	"Yes." Doris nodded heavily.
	Matthew started the car until it merged into the traffic and disappeared.
	Doris shook Rose's hand. "Mom, Mr. Sue isn't happy."
	"Everyone has their emotions." Rose looked at Doris. Even she was so sensitive, let alone Wyatt.
	"Is it because of the woman in the black dress?" Doris asked.
	"Maybe." Rose sighed gently.
	"Is that woman really Wyatt's mother?" Doris asked continuously.
	"I don't know." Rose pitied the motherless child, who longed for maternal love.
	And Doris? She also was eager for paternal love, but she was more sensible than Wyatt and didn't show her desire in front of Rose.
	Not showing it didn't mean she didn't need a father.
	Perhaps Jane was right. An complete family was too important for children.
	And for Doris, shouldn't she try and talk it over with Bright?
	"Let's go home." Rose took a deep breath and hailed a taxi.
	In the car, Rose held Doris, thinking about Wyatt and looking at Doris. She was so upset.
	At the Linder family, Rose got out of the car with Doris, who was already asleep, and walked upstairs.
	She put Doris on the bed and tucked her up before she went downstairs to see her grandmother.
	Her grandmother had just fallen asleep. She was not well recently and she needed to some more rest.
	Rose sat by the bed and looked at her grandmother's wrinkled face in the yellow light, "Grandma," she said, "what do you think I should do?"
	It was as if she were talking to her grandmother, but also as if she were talking to herself.
	But what answered her was the wind whistling through the window...
	Rose stayed for a long time before she came out of the room and happened to meet Chandler, who had just come back from a party, and he yelled.
	"Rose, stand there!" Chandler had probably had drunken a lot and his face was a little red.
	"Dad, grandma has gone to bed, and it's late now. Let's talk tomorrow." Rose didn't want to talk too much to someone who had been drunk.
	"You've got the guts, right? Using grandma to force me to buy you a car? Just think about the dirty things you've done. Do you think you deserve to be my daughter?" Chandler was having a bad day. He didn't feel good at home and he was having a tough time outside, so he lost temper in front of Rose.
	"You don't deserve it! You don't even deserve to enter this house! If you are smart, go away with your bastard! I don't want to see you, nor does my family want to see you!"
	"Who the hell are you? When you came back, my business goes to the wall. Do you know what I've been through today? It is because of you that our family became so unlucky. We shouldn't have given birth to you!"
	Chandler pulled off his tie, saying the harsh words.
	No matter what he said, Rose just stood there, silent.
	"You're not my daughter. You're just a jinx..."
	"Is that enough?" Rose said coldly.
	"Rose, you're not my daughter, go away. Go away now! Ahh!"
	Grandma slapped Chandler in the face and sent him tumbling on the sofa.
	"Chandler, don't you dare say such things!" Grandma clenched her fist and trembled with anger.
	"Mom, I've born these words in my heart for years. Why don't you let me say it?!"
	Chandler tried to get up from the sofa, but fell back down weakly. "Mom, I have to speak out the truth even you want to beat me to death! Tell her, she isn't my daughter. She has no relationship with the Linder family!"
Chapter 90 Shouldn't Blame Her for Being Ruthless
	Jennifer took a deep breath and shouted, "Elena, Luke, hurry up and help Chandler to bed upstairs."
	After Elena and Luke heard Jennifer's order, they hurried forward to help Chandler.
	Chandler pushed them away. At the same time, he fell backward onto the sofa because his feet felt weak. He was indolent like a sloth.
	"Get out, get out of my house…jinx..." Chandler pointed in Rose's direction.
	"Hurry up and get him out of here. He's acting rashly because he's drunk. How embarrassing." Jennifer felt annoyed seeing Chandler.
	Elena and Luke went to help Chandler again. It was much easier than the last time. He was even drunker and his body became weak that he didn't have the strength to push them away anymore.
	They helped Chandler to go up the stairs. He was weak and mumbled words that no one could hear clearly.
	"Mr. Linder, slow down and watch your steps," Elena reminded him.
	But for a drunk person, he could no longer control his body and had no idea when to lift his feet.
	In the end, Luke had to carry Chandler on his back while Elena helped him to prevent him from falling off of Luke.
	Grandma watched Chandler, who passed out, disappeared at the corner of the stairs and shook her head with anger.
	"Rose, go to rest and ignore your dad." Grandma felt bad for the family.
	"Grandma, is what dad said true? I'm not his daughter and I'm not from the Linder family?" Rose's eyes were exceptionally calm, and she looked at ease.
	That was why they treated her so badly. That was why they gave up on her and chose Sophie?
	She was unwanted by the family. No, she didn't belong to this family at all.
	Then her coming back and wanting to regain everything that belonged to her would only be a joke because nothing truly belonged to her so how could she get anything back!
	"It's not like that. Don't believe what your dad said. He drank alcohol and acted rashly. Can you believe his words?" Jennifer explained, wanting to heal her wounded heart.
	"Grandma, don't lie to me." Rose endured the burning sensation in her nose.
	"How could grandma lie to you? If you were not a child of the Linder family, would I love you as much? Why don't I care for my biological granddaughter Sophie? Grandma isn't crazy," Jennifer smiled and made comparisons for her.
	"I don't know what's wrong with your parents. They've crossed the line more and more these years. They don't think before they speak. But you need to know that they were just venting their anger and what they said aren't true. Rose, you need to believe what grandma said…grandma won't lie to you…"
	Jennifer clenched a fist over her chest as her face turned pale and her chest ached.
	When Rose saw this, her expression changed drastically. She stepped forward and helped her grandma to sit on the sofa. "Grandma, what's the matter?"
	"Pill...my pills...on the bedside table..." Jennifer's breathing became rapid.
	Rose hurried to Jennifer's room, grabbed a pill from the bedside table, and gave it to Jennifer. She then poured a cup of water and gave it to Jennifer to take the pill.
	Jennifer ate the pill and sat there to relax. Rose looked at her with distress and soothed her chest.
	"Grandma, are you okay? Don't scare me..." Rose's eyes were dyed red from anxiety and worry, "You are my and Doris' closest relative...and only relative. You have to be healthy."
	"As long as you trust grandma, grandma will be fine." While trembling, Jennifer held Rose's hand hard, hoping to make Rose believe her this way.
	"Grandma, I believe you." Rose bit her lips tightly, enduring all the pain and tears.
	She had no choice but to trust her grandma.
	"That's right." Jennifer smiled with relief.
	Rose knelt beside Jennifer, put her head lightly on Jennifer's knees, and silently closed her eyes. She could no longer hold in the bitterness and sadness she felt that tears streamed down her face.
	Jennifer leaned on the sofa and caressed Rose's head gently, like she did when Rose was a child.
	Jennifer and Rose sat there for quite a long time until Rose helped Jennifer to bed and went to sleep herself.
	But she didn't feel sleepy at all, so she sat on the sofa in her bedroom, leaving only a floor lamp on. Although light from the lamp was soft, it brought light to the dark room.
	Her phone lit up. She picked it up and saw that it was a text from Matthew saying that he got home and was safe.
	She didn't respond, so he sent another one just now: "Good night".
	She replied, "Good night."
	Her phone's screen turned off and didn't light up again.
	She was nestled on the sofa and curled up in the shadows. She bent her knees, wrapped her arms tightly around herself, and buried her head in her arms.
	She had a dream in a daze. The dream was confusing...
	It was dawn by the time she woke up. She slept on the sofa like this and in this posture for the entire night.
	She felt stiff all over. She slowly stretched out her arms and lifted her legs before moving slowly, allowing herself to adapt to the process of going from staying still to moving.
	Rose was in a hurry and avoided meeting Chandler. After breakfast, she sent Doris to kindergarten. Like yesterday, she ran into Matthew today and sat in his car.
	"Sorry about what happened yesterday," Matthew said after driving for a while.
	Yesterday he didn't send Rose and Doris home because he was in a bad mood. Instead, he listened to them and dropped them off on the side of the road.
	Afterward, he felt that he wasn't being a gentleman, so he came early today and waited for Rose to drop Doris off and apologize to her.
	"What happened yesterday? I forgot already. I have a bad memory. I can forget everything after sleeping," Rose said, playing things down.
	Matthew felt grateful that she respected him and didn't make things awkward.
	When they arrived at work, they parted ways like before.
	Rose took advantage of the lunch break to go to a Ferrari dealership nearby and choose a model that was the same as Sophie's.
	Afterward, she called Chandler, "Dad, I've already picked a model. Transfer me the full amount so we can save on instalment interest."
	Chandler trembled with anger after receiving such a call, "You are very considerate trying to save me money!"
	"Of course, I'm your daughter after all," Rose sneered as her eyes turned cold.
	She remembered everything Chandler said last night while he was drunk. She did not dare forget a single word, nor would she forget.
	Even though she was his daughter, he never thought of her as a daughter, so he shouldn't blame her for being ruthless.
	"You are truly my good daughter," Chandler sneered.
	"Dad, then make the transfer. Otherwise, if grandma knows, I can't guarantee what she would do," Rose used Jennifer to threaten Chandler.
	"I can give you the car, but I need you to show some sincerity about marrying Timothy, otherwise, just you wait!" Chandler snorted coldly.
Chapter 91 I Will Invite You and Apologize Another Day
	Chandler had no choice but to threaten Rose this way.
	"Okay, as long as he dares marry me." Rose was straightforward.
	Now she was not only married but was also Bright's wife. Although she might not be Mrs. Lee for long, she could at least use this fact to protect herself before her marriage ended.
	"These are your words." Chandler thought that Rose compromised because she had no right to challenge him.
	"Yes, that's what I said," Rose said calmly.
	"Well, if you dare play any tricks, I will punish you," Chandler said viciously.
	"I'll send you the dealership's account. Please transfer the money over now, father," Rose urged Chandler to fulfill his promise.
	Chandler paused for a moment. "What are you in a hurry for? It takes some time to make transfers."
	"Dad, you can't go back on your words. You can drag it for a while, but you can't drag it for a lifetime. Five minutes is my limit." Rose no longer let herself get bullied. The things she did and the way she talked were different from before. Her boldness made Chandler see her in a new light.
	Chandler gritted his teeth with hatred but could not find any reason to reject her.
	"Dad, you have to hurry up, the salespeople are urging me," Rose continued to push Chandler even more.
	Chandler hung up the phone in a hurry and sat in his leather swivel chair, so angry that the veins on his forehead pound and his fist hit his desk.
	But regardless of how angry he was, he still had to transfer the money.
	Rose sat in the VIP customer hall of the dealership, tasting tea as her lips curled into a smile.
	A salesperson came over with the documents and respectfully said, "Miss Linder, we've received the money. After you sign and go through the formalities, the car will be yours."
	"Thank you." Rose was in a good mood. She put down the teacup, took the documents, and signed. "You finish up the formalities. I will get the car this afternoon."
	Rose then left the dealership. She glanced at the red Ferrari sports car and smiled. This was just her first step.
	Rose returned to the office on time and continued to work. Before leaving work, she received a call from Timothy, "Miss Linder, are you off work? How about we grab dinner together?"
	"Mr. Fan, I'm sorry, I have to work overtime today. How about some other time?" Rose refused lightly.
	"Isn't Miss Linder a little too busy? But no matter how busy you are, you have to eat." Timothy smiled evilly. "How about I accompany you for dinner? You'll only have the energy to work after you eat…"
	Rose felt that even when Timothy spoke seriously, he still sounded perverted, especially his laughter. It made her uncomfortable and want to throw up.
	"Thank you for your kindness, Mr. Fan. I really don't have time today. I'll invite you and apologize another day. What do you think?" Rose said softly, not wanting to anger Timothy.
	"That's really a pity. Although work is important, Miss Linder, you should still pay attention to your body," Timothy said with concern.
	"Thank you, Mr. Fan, for your concern." Rose dealt with him and praised him, "Mr. Fan is so considerate. Your future wife must be very fortunate to have a husband like you."
	"So what do you think, Miss Linder?" Hearing Rose's praise, Timothy smiled happily. "Since Miss Linder thinks I'm a good person, why don't you consider me?"
	"Mr. Fan will be the master of the Fan family in the future. I'm just an ordinary woman. How could I think that way? Mr. Fan deserves a better woman," Rose belittled herself and tactfully refused.
	Rose's words made Timothy lose sight of himself. He laughed loudly, "Miss Linder is humble. You are the elder daughter of the Linder family. You are gorgeous, so I'm sure you have many suitors."
	"Mr. Fan must be joking." Rose smiled.
	"I'm not joking. If you want, you marry me and become the young mistress of the Fan Family. You won't need to work as hard in the future. I can give you whatever you want," Timothy finally got to the point. He even addressed her differently, "Rose, what do you think?"
	Rose endured the discomfort in her heart and continued to deal with him, "It is an honour as a woman to marry Mr. Fan. It's just that marriage isn't anything trivial. We need to ask our parents for permission."
	"Last time both of our parents met and dined together. They naturally didn't object." Timothy had difficulty controlling himself as soon as he thought of Rose's delicate face.
	Sophie, who once looked down on him, already became a part of his romantic affair. Now if he could deceive Rose, then this pair of sisters would both be women who served him. How impressive that he would seem!
	"Although our parents didn't object, we have only met once and don't know each other very well. I wonder if we should take some time to further develop our feelings for each other and consider carefully before we proceed with our marriage," Rose said.
	"I really want to get to know you, Rose, but you don't give me the opportunity to. You wouldn't even join me for a meal…" Timothy circled back to the initial topic.
	She would be looking down on Timothy, who was born with a silver spoon, if she thought of him as an idiot. In fact, he was still very good at coaxing women, otherwise, there wouldn't be as many women falling into his trap.
	Rose also heard about Timothy's romantic affairs.
	He regarded women as clothing that he could throw away mercilessly when he got them. For women he couldn't get, he would then use all his means to make them his. He was simply a scum.
	It was just that she had no feeling for this person and even felt disgusted, so she didn't care about what he did.
	She couldn't marry a man like him anyway!
	"I will invite you and apologize another day."
	After finishing the call in this way, Rose sighed with relief that she finally didn't have to be pretentious and deal with this man.
	Rose continued to work until she got off work.
	After getting off work, she hurried to drive the Ferrari sports car. She then picked up Doris and went back to the Linders'.
	After dinner, Chandler asked her to go to his study by herself.
	"Why didn't you accept Timothy's invitation to dinner tonight?" Chandler frowned, suppressing his anger. "I bought the car for you, and in a blink of an eye, you forgot your words?"
	"Dad, I have my reasons for not going," Rose replied with confidence.
	"Reasons? Tell me what your reasons are!" Chandler stared at her calm face with angry eyes.
	"What kind of person is Timothy? Dad knows better than me. I can't win with the way he plays with women, but I know the easier it is to get something, the less it will be cherished. If I agreed as soon as he asked me, then to him, I would be too easy to get. After he's done having fun with me, he wouldn't marry me anymore. So dad, I am making concessions in order to gain advantages. Only by becoming my prey will he be obedient," Rose explained her reasons, hoping to make Chandler believe her.
	"What I want is not the process, but the result. Apologize to him tomorrow." Chandler didn't want to listen to her reasons.
Chapter 92 The Linder family Has Nothing to Do with You
	Rose took a deep breath and suppressed the grievances and anger she held inside.
	"Dad, more haste, less speed. Timothy is not a fool. He's not going to marry me just because you want him to," Rose analyzed the situation, "If he is the type to be shackled by marriage, he wouldn't be single at the age of 35 with no women daring to marry him."
	"It's because those women are not worthy of him! If you weren't the eldest daughter of the Linder family, he wouldn't want to dine with you. It's your luck to marry him. How could you be so picky?" Chandler sneered. "I'm telling you, from now on, you better handle this marriage with care. Or you'll be taking responsibility for the consequences."
	Rose didn't stay any longer and turned to leave.
	The days just passed away like this. Since Bright called that day, he didn't contact Rose anymore – no call or text.
	Rose hadn't heard his voice for a long time and suddenly was a little not used to it.
	A week later, Joy and Sophie returned from City G.
	Rose picked up Doris from school and ran into them.
	When Sophie saw Rose and Doris getting off the Ferrari sports car, she was anxious and angry, and immediately rushed up and raised her hand to slap Rose.
	But Rose was getting out of the car with Doris at the time, and she was not fully prepared. When she collected herself, it was too late to avoid Sophie's hand completely. Sophie's fingertips swept across her face, leaving a red mark.
	"You bad woman. Why did you slap my mom?" Seeing that Rose was slapped, Doris blamed Sophie.
	Sophie looked at Doris, who stood in front of Rose, protecting her. Doris was glaring at her with a pair of big eyes, and her sharp gaze made her afraid.
	This child addressed Rose as mom. Could she be the child that Rose gave birth to five years ago?
	Sophie looked at the little child and remembered things from five years ago, remembered things she didn't want to remember.
	Her heart felt hurt as if it was being tightly gripped. She was so uncomfortable that she could hardly breathe.
	"Not only did I slap her, but I'm also going to slap you!" Fear accumulated inside Sophie. She raised her hand to slap the child.
	Rose grabbed her hand. She squinted at Sophie with a piercing gaze. "Sophie, I don't mind you bullying me, yet you want to do the same to my daughter! I'm telling you, if you dare touch her, I won't let you off!"
	"Your daughter? You don't even know who your father is, you little—ah—" Before Sophie could say the word, "brat", Rose slapped her in return.
	The sound of Sophie being slapped was loud and crisp. Rose slapped Sophie so hard that her face turned to the side, and half of her face became red and swollen.
	Rose knew that there was going to be a fierce battle today. She didn't want to affect Doris, so she put Doris on the car and covered her ears. "Sweetie, you can listen to nursery rhymes or watch cartoons. Don't come out for a while no matter what happens outside."
	"Mom, they are bad guys. They will bully you." Doris looked at her mother worriedly.
	"Mom will not be bullied easily. And I will protect myself." Rose stroked Doris' face. "Don't worry. Believe in mom."
	"I believe in mom," Doris said supportively. "Go mom."
	Rose was very pleased. Her daughter was the source of her strength, and there was nothing she couldn't do.
	She closed the door and saw Joy step forward to support Sophie. Rose said concerned, "Sophie, are you okay?"
	"Mom..." Sophie touched her injured face with the palm of her hand. Tears appeared in her aggrieved eyes. "She drove my car when I wasn't home! That is my car!"
	"Rose, how could you slap Sophie? When did you become so bold and audacious?" Joy scolded Rose. "Why do you drive Sophie's car! Someone like you isn't worthy at all! Don't assume that you have the right to control everything here just because you returned to the Linder family! I'm telling you, nothing in the Linder family has to do with you!"
	"And this daughter, don't even think about it!"
	Joy glanced coldly at Doris, who was still glaring at them. She also felt upset as soon as she saw this child.
	"It's not up to you to decide whether things in the Linder family have to do with me."
	"That's not up to you! Give the car back to Sophie."
	"Look at it clearly, it's my car." Rose was not in a hurry to argue with them. She just stated the facts lightly.
	"Your car?" Joy and Sophie looked at the car with doubt.
	Rose stepped back a bit so that they could see more clearly.
	Sure enough, the license plate was not the same as Sophie's.
	"Why do you have the same car as me?" Sophie asked.
	"Why can't I have a car when you have one?" Rose curled her lips slightly and smiled.
	"It's a new car I bought," Rose explained.
	"How do you have money for a new car?" Joy asked suspiciously.
	"Rose, did you trick some idiot who has no taste for women?" Sophie mocked Rose by pointing out that she relied on men.
	"Sister, I'm learned from you. I got the car the same way you got yours," Rose countered decisively.
	Sophie and Joy glanced at each other. Their expressions changed from doubtful to confident, and they still couldn't believe it.
	"Rose, don't try to lie to us. Dad bought me that car for my birthday." Sophie's eyes were filled with arrogance, showing that she was more important than Rose in the eyes of their parents. "How could dad buy you a car? Even a Ferrari of the same model as mine. Who do you think you are?"
	"You are dad's daughter, and so am I. You can buy it, and I can naturally buy it too!" Rose said the reason.
	"Impossible!" Joy and Sophie denied it in unison.
	"What's impossible? You can check. It's dad who made the transfer. Otherwise, where would I get this much money?" Rose's expression was lively.
	"How is it possible? Dad won't buy it for you!" Sophie couldn't accept it.
	Joy picked up her phone and was about to call Chandler. At this moment, his Mercedes-Benz car drew into the yard.
	While in the car, Chandler noticed that the atmosphere between these women wasn't right. He somewhat regretted coming in and wished he could reverse the car.
	As soon as Joy saw the car, she rushed forward and pulled the door. "Chandler, explain to me clearly. Did you buy that car for this brat?"
	Chandler sat inside and pulled the door, not daring to get off. He just replied weakly, "Joy, calm down and listen to me."
	"I'm asking you whether you bought that car. You just need to answer yes or no. I don't want to listen to anything else." Joy's strength was no match for Chandler, so she could only open the door a little bit.
	"I bought it." Chandler could only bite the bullet and admit.
	When Joy heard this, her expression changed drastically. She yelled at him with anger, "Are you crazy? How could you buy her a car?"
	Sophie was also stunned but had to believe Rose. "Dad, why did you buy her a car? You even had to pick the same model as mine? You are trying to disgust me, huh?"
Chapter 93 Is It Fun Deceiving Yourself and Others
	Sophie looked sick and was very upset. She further accused Rose.
	"Disgust you? Sister, what you did was more disgusting than what I did." Although Rose smiled, her eyes were cold. "Do you still remember that Sky and I were engaged back then? He was my fiancé, yet you didn't mind and you liked him so much that you even married him. We can like the same person, but we can't drive the same car?"
	"So in the end, are you the disgusting one or am I the disgusting one?"
	Rose countered so beautifully that Rose looked as if she had swallowed a fly. But there was nothing she could do about it, unable to refute a single word.
	Sophie could only stare at Rose while anger made her chest heave violently.
	"You were the one who did disgusting things. You even had a brat behind Sky's back. What right do you have to have Sky for yourself?" Sophie stood facts on their heads and framed Rose. "It is Sky who saw your true nature and knew that I am the one who truly loves him, so he chose me."
	"Sophie, it's been five years. Is it fun deceiving yourself and others? Don't you know whether Sky truly loves you or that you deceived his feelings? Do you need me to clarify for you?"
	There was no way Rose could explain herself in that difficult situation back then.
	But now that five years passed, and everyone has calmed down, especially Sky. It wasn't that she didn't have the opportunity to explain everything clearly – it depended on whether Sky would believe her.
	Sophie's body began to tremble as she panicked. "Of course, Sky loves me. As a woman who betrayed him, you are not worthy of his love!"
	"Really?" Rose smiled lightly. "Why don't you ask him now?"
	Sophie frowned in confusion. Rose saw her panic and said again, "He is there. Turn around and look."
	Sophie turned her head abruptly, and as expected, Sky was standing there. He probably came to pick her up.
	Before getting on the plane today, she called him and to tell him she was coming back today and that she would be going to the Linders' before going home. She also told him not to pick her up.
	Because she didn't want Sky and Rose to come in contact with each other or meet at all.
	Unexpectedly, Sky came to pick her up and didn't notify her. It seemed that he wanted to surprise her.
	They hadn't been together for a week. But to her, it felt like a century, which made her suffer physically and mentally.
	Today, she finally saw the person she wanted to see, yet it was under such circumstances.
	She didn't know how long Sky had been standing there and what he heard.
	"Sky... Sky, why are you here?" Sophie forced a smile while she was extremely worried inside.
	"Not long." There was no special expression on Sky's gentle face.
	Sophie felt a little better inside. "Sky, let's go home."
	Sophie could only leave so that Sky would stay away from Rose, the farther the better.
	"You just came back. How about you take a break or stay here tonight?" Sky suggested.
	"I went out for a week and I need to see our parents now that I'm back. I also bought a gift for them. I want to give it to them as soon as possible." Sophie stepped forward, carefully observing Sky, and then reached out to link arms.
	"I haven't eaten with grandma and our parents for a long time, so I will be staying with them today," Sky decided.
	Sophie was anxious and wanted to say something, but Sky spoke first, "Don't you want to spend time with grandma and our parents?"
	"I...Of course, I do." Sophie could only nod.
	Joy looked at them and decided to let Chandler off for now. She said in a low voice, "We'll have a talk later."
	Chandler clasped his hands together, begging her not to quarrel in front of their son-in-law and save him face.
	Joy glared at him fiercely before turning to Sky, "Sky, Sophie, who is your wife, keeps coming back. It'll start gossips and it's disrespectful to your parents. How about you take Sophie back for now and spend time with us a few days later? Chandler and I won't mind something trivial like this."
	"My parents won't mind either." Sky's attitude to staying was very firm. "Besides, I am here."
	Joy couldn't find a reason anymore for Sky to take Sophie back.
	"Don't stand here anymore. Go in and see grandma." Sky took the lead and walked into the house.
	After Sophie was stunned for a while, she hurried to follow him. "Sky, wait for me."
	Chandler got out of the car at this time. Joy stepped forward and pulled on his ear. "Look at what you did! We didn't even know when Sky came!"
	Chandler felt embarrassed in front of Rose because of what Joy was doing. He pulled on Joy's hand and said, "If you have something to say, then say it nicely. People will laugh at us if you fight me physically."
	His words hinted at something. Joy looked in Rose's direction. Rose stood there as if it had nothing to do with her that Joy couldn't help but get angry.
	"Rose, does our family owe you? You didn't come back with any good intentions, did you? You also deliberately bought the same car as Sophie and deliberately said those things when Sky came, right?" In Joy's eyes, Rose was the culprit for everything.
	"I'm telling you, our family won't believe a word you say!"
	Their family didn't include Rose, so she would always be an outsider.
	"It doesn't matter whether you believe it or not. The important thing is to plant a seed of doubt in his heart." Rose didn't care whether Sky believed it or not. "And you guys should also have a taste of this torture."
	"Rose, I'm telling you, I won't let you succeed and soon I will kick you out of this house!" Joy was very confident.
	"Then let's see whether I stay longer, or you kick me out sooner!" Rose confronted Joy without backing off.
	"Okay, let's see who wins in the end." Joy smiled. She pointed at the red Ferrari and said to Chandler, "Sell this car right away! None of the Linder family's money can be spent on her."
	"When you sell it, remember to transfer the money to my account," Rose was still joking.
	"Rose, how can you be so shameless?"
	"Compared to the parents who don't even recognize their daughter, compared to a sister who steals someone's fiancé, who is more shameless?" Rose scolded them. "Don't forget, I am your daughter. Even if I am shameless, I inherited it from you!"
Chapter 94 Who Is Your Father
	"You..." Joy was so angry that she could not speak.
	Rose ignored him, turned to open the door, took Doris out, and calmly walked back into the house, leaving Joy and Chandler staring at each other.
	Joy looked at Rose's back and said, "You know what, since you were driven out of the Linder family five years ago, you were removed from the family. You are not one of us anymore!"
	"And please make an announcement on the newspaper. It would be better for us to break the relationship." Rose was not annoyed at all and even offered advice for them.
	Joy and Chandler would never make an announcement. Rose's grandmother had returned back. If she knew it, they would be scolded and would reveal the scandal they had tried hard to press down five years ago.
	Sure enough, Rose was not the one she used to be five years ago. She had her own plan now.
	She knew that the couple could do nothing to her and that was why she was bold to say that.
	Joy was so angry that her chest ached. She looked at Rose who had gone inside the house and could do nothing to her. She could only vent her anger on Chandler.
	"See what you've done? The mean girl has the gift of gab!" Joy reached over and pinched Chandler, "Why did you buy her a car? Why don't you tell me? I was just out for a week and she makes a mess of the house! Do you want to piss me off?"
	Since Timothy had some troubles with Sophie, Joy had a heavy weight on her mind.
	Having Rose at home was really a big worry for her.
	"I've tried my best to reject her, but my mom has made up her mind. What can I do?" Chandler explained, "I can't watch my mom to stab herself with a fork."
	"She is in her dotage and can't tell who is right and who is wrong. She is old enough, and shouldn't cause us troubles." Joy complained.
	"Joy, that's my mother, would you please stop saying that?" Chandler was afraid of his wife, but he was still very filial to his parents. Otherwise, he wouldn't have surrendered to his mother.
	"I didn't go too far. I just hope she does not add to the troubles; otherwise, how do we drive away this wench!" Joy bit her lips, not knowing what to do.
	"I've got a plan." Chandler leaned over to Joy. "I'm buying this car for a condition."
	"What do you mean?" Joy didn't understand.
	"I have to buy the car anyway. I told her that when I buy her a car, she must marry Timothy. As soon as she gets married to Timothy, she's out of the Linder family, and we will be at peace." Chandler raised his eyebrows to ask his wife for praise.
	"Is that your way? And pay so much money in this?" Joy rolled her eyes at him.
	"Nothing ventured, nothing gained. When she marries Timothy, we'll get the money back from the Fan family and that will be more than that of a car." Chandler thought his idea was perfect.
	Joy thought for a moment and patted Chandler on the shoulder, "You are smart. But we have to get Rose married to Timothy as soon as possible."
	"That's what's on my mind, too. So, I'm thinking of inviting Mr. and Ms. Fan and Timothy to our house and then we can talk about their marriage." said Chandler.
	"That's a great idea." Joy put her hand on Chandler's arm, beaming, "Just let this brat be happy for a few more days. After she marries Timothy, she has to depend on her own."
	Timothy had a way to deal with women. Otherwise, they wouldn't have asked him, instead of Mark, to go on a blind date with Rose.
	Joy suddenly thought of the child, "Who is the child that Rose just held?"
	"The bastard born five years ago." Chandler snapped.
	"What? How dare she bring it back?" Joy shouted.
	"Well, well. They won't be here much longer anyway. Just think of them as uninvited guests." Chandler patted Joy on the back of her hand, reassuring, "Let's go."
	In the living room, Sky and Sophie sat on the sofa.
	When Rose entered the room with Doris in her arms, Sky was attracted by Doris.
	Sophie felt worried as she saw Sky was interested in Doris.
	She reached out nervously and grasped his arm. "Sky..."
	Sky was not affected by her at all, nor did he take his eyes off Doris.
	She was a pretty, lovely little girl with a pair of big clear eyes. Her eyes were so pure that they put complicated adults at shame.
	And Sophie held Rose's hand tightly the whole time. Was the girl... Rose's daughter?
	Was this child that Rose gave birth to five years ago?
	She was a girl, so beautiful and lovely.
	Her appearance was supposed to be a reminder of Rose's betrayal and shame. He was supposed to hate this child, but why didn't he hate her at all, and even like her?
	What was wrong with him?
	He had hated Rose for five years, and he should hate her kids, too!
	Doris also felt that Sky was staring at her all the time. "A gentleman should not stare at a girl like that," she said.
	"Sorry, you're so cute." Sky could not help gently saying to the child.
	"It's so sweet of you to say so honestly." Doris smiled, showing two white and small canine teeth. "Who are you?"
	"I..." Sky was a bit surprised by this question and did not know how to introduce himself.
	"Doris, he is your uncle," Rose said. "That's your aunt. And she's your grandmother."
	Joy and Chandler just came into the living room.
	Doris saw Sophie and Joy with guarded eyes, as if they would be going to hurt her mother and herself.
	Joy was upset to see Doris's looking at her like this. "What's wrong with you, girl? How rude you are."
	"You're all bad people. You bully my mom." Doris said loudly.
	She stood in front of Rose with her hands in front of her, defiantly defending her mother.
	"Doris, be good." Rose pulled Doris over to sit on the couch, "Baby, there's no one in this world that can bully mommy. Because mommy..."
	"The bravest and strongest of all." Doris continued.
	With a knowing smile, Rose reached out and gently pinched the tip of her nose.
	"So, let's be good-tempered people, and don't take those people in heart. We have to be polite." Rose did not want adult affairs to affect the children and tried to appease Doris's mind.
	Doris nodded and said to Joy, Sky and Sophie, "Grandma, uncle and aunt, nice to meet you. I'm Doris Linder. You can just call me Doris."
	"And who is your father?" Sky asked directly.
Chapter 95 Beautiful Mother Had a Beautiful Daughter
	Sky regretted asking this. How could he be curious to know who the biological father of the child was, the man who made Rose betray him and give birth to Doris!?
	He shouldn't want to know. He shouldn't care!
	No matter who she had the child with, no matter who the father of this child was, what he should care about was his present life and happiness.
	"I'm just asking. It doesn't matter if you don't tell me." Sky eventually gave up the question.
	Nothing about the child concerned him.
	He should have hated Rose, and the person who had caused their relationship to break up.
	Doris looked at Rose, as if saying that this man was strange.
	Rose reached out and touched Doris's head and smiled to tell her that it was all right.
	The mother and daughter were sitting opposite Sky. His eyes tried to move away, but they fell on them involuntarily.
	Rose and Doris smiled at each other. The warmth between mother and daughter moved him. It seemed that this was the most beautiful painting in the world, which made people indulge in it.
	Rose's smile was still pure and warm, just as it had been in her childhood, and just as it had been when he fell in love with her...
	Thinking of the past beautiful memories with Rose, Sky had a mix feeling.
	He began to wring up his long, beautiful eyebrows, and the palm at his side was closed into a fist, and a painful look rose in his eyes.
	Rose did not find anything different about Sky, but Sophie, who was sitting beside him, took all the subtle expressions of Sky into her eyes.
	The expression of Sky staring at Rose looked as if he had gone back to the past. Although it only lasted for a moment, she still caught it.
	They had been separated for a whole week, but Sky did not look at her with such sentimentally attached eyes.
	What Sophie was afraid of finally happened. Sky's feelings for Rose had not completely disappeared after five years.
	Her heart ached, and she was miserable. Bitterness and jealousy aroused in her hear at the same time, and there was a deep hatred for Rose.
	"Sky, are you tired? Are you hungry?" Sophie was still very considerate to Sky, and managed to be a good wife.
	Sky's attention was pulled back from Rose by Sophie, "Yes. I am a bit hungry."
	"Elena, isn't dinner ready yet?" Sophie dared not be dissatisfied with Sky and could only find an excuse to draw his attention.
	Elena went forward, "Just wait for the old lady."
	"Come on, Doris, let's go get great grandma to dinner." Rose took Doris's hand and her mood was not affected at all.
	Sky glanced in Rose's direction again. Sophie pulled his arm and said, "Sky, let's go to the dining room and wait for grandma."
	They went to the dining room, and Rose helped her grandmother to sit down.
	No one said much at the table, as if all that had just happened did not exist.
	"Sky, this is your favorite beef brisket with tomato, have some more." Sophie helped him with the dishes and helped him get a bowl of soup with appetizing red tomatoes.
	"Well, I will do it myself." Sky was still gentle, "Just enjoy yourself."
	"I am your wife, and it is my duty to take care of you." Sophie heard Sky's concern, smiling, "I'm very happy that I married you."
	"You look thinner. Have more." Sky took a drumstick for her.
	"Thank you." Sophie looked down at the drumstick. The smile in her eyes dimmed a little. She thought he would say the same thing.
	But Sky did not say so, which made her uneasy and astringent.
	Did he not love her?
	No, he wouldn't. They'd been loving each other for five years. Those affection couldn't be pretended.
	But why did she always feel that Sky was much indifferent to her today.
	It was all because of Rose being here. She distracted Sky. She seduced him, so he would be so cold to her.
	Why Rose could live such a happy life since she was kicked out of the Linder family?
	Why didn't she disappear, so that they would never meet again?
	And did Sky hear what she said?
	Full of questions made her unsettled and she felt the dishes tasted stale.
	No, she couldn't be knocked down by Rose like that. Otherwise, she would be a joke.
	She must firmly grasp her own hard-won happiness. The one who could laugh at the last must be her.
	Sophie put away her complicated emotions and cheered up herself again. She picked up fish and cleaned all the thorns, and then put it on Sky's bowl.
	"Sky, try this. It's delicious."
	She wanted Rose to see that their relationship was real and she couldn't break it.
	They loved each other deeply.
	Rose didn't pay any attention to Sophie's childish means of showing affection, or even looked at her. She just treated Sophie as air.
	Instead of eating herself, she would help grandma and Doris with some dishes as if there were only three of them at the table.
	They indeed were talking and laughing.
	"Doris, how are you feeling in your new kindergarten?" Grandma asked Doris lovingly.
	"Good, I met a lot of new classmates and new friends." said Doris slowly, nibbling on the chicken wing.
	"How do you get on with them? If anyone bullies you, tell your great grandmother, and I will go and reason with them." Jennifer said affectionately.
	"I'm so cute, they all like me." Doris was confident of herself.
	"You narcissistic girl." Rose was indulgent in her reproach.
	"No. I am indeed a beautiful girl, and very beautiful." Doris was super confident.
	"Really? No. I don't think so." Rose glanced at Doris, then shook her head.
	"My mother is so beautiful. If her daughter is ugly, would her daughter make her lose face? Great grandmother, do you think so?" Doris's words made Rose and Jennifer laugh.
	Who was she like? She was so talkative.
	"Yes, yes, your mother has been beautiful since she was a child, so her daughter naturally is pretty, and was even more beautiful." Jennifer couldn't agree more.
	"Great grandmother says the fairest thing." Doris was smug.
	"I don't know from who did you learn all this. "Rose reached out and pinched Doris's little face.
	"From handsome uncle." Doris quickly mentioned Bright.
	At the same time, Bright sneezed.
Chapter 96 Call Him Daddy in a Dream
	Bright took a tissue and dabbed at his nose. What was wrong? Why would he sneeze?
	"Mr. Lee, have you caught a cold? Shall I call Dr. Matthew to check it out?" Peter was a little worried about his health.
	"No, don't worry. I am just a bit busy this period of time and a bit tired." Bright recently flew to several cities in North America. He hadn't had enough rest. So he was tired.
	"You must take care of yourself." Megan put a bowl of soup in front of Bright. "This soup is good for your health. You should drink more of it."
	"Thanks, Peter and Megan." Bright threw the tissue away. "I'll be careful."
	Bright drank the soup gracefully. It tasted warm and comfortable with a hint of Chinese medicine.
	"Don't you all look at me, have your dinner." Although he was cold by nature and said few words, he showed his kindness to them by his actions.
	Peter and Megan, for example, had been with him since he moved to the Ginkgo Villa ten years ago.
	They took good care of him and cared for him more than his parents did.
	Although they were the housekeeper and cook here, in Bright's heart, they were his family.
	Instead of letting them eat alone, he ate with them, just like the family.
	Peter and Megan were also grateful and loyal to Bright.
	"Don't hesitate to let us know if you're uncomfortable." Peter reminded him.
	"Yes, the sooner you find it, the sooner you solve it." Megan added.
	"I'm really fine. I'm just tired." Bright just came back this afternoon. Now he had a headache.
	"Go upstairs and have a rest. Put away the work today. Work would never be finished, just do it tomorrow." Megan looked sadly at the tiredness in Bright's eyes.
	"Yes." Bright curled his lips.
	After dinner, Bright wandered around the garden before he went upstairs. He should have a good sleep tonight.
	After taking a bath, he dried his black hair and went to bed.
	He glanced at his phone. It was 20:,30. It had been a long time since he'd gone to bed so early.
	Suddenly Doris, whom he hadn't spoken to since his last call, came to his mind.
	He wondered if Doris thought about him these days. And Rose...
	He tried to call Rose, but he deleted the number he had already typed in his cell phone.
	Well, forget it. Think about it tomorrow.
	He put out the light and went to sleep. As he was so tired, he soon fell asleep.
	In the dream, Rose and Doris were having a good time with him and even heard Doris call him "Daddy"...
	Doris, in the bedroom, was sitting on the sofa obediently. She pouted her pink lips, watching Rose carefully.
	"Why did you say that at dinner? Rose asked after ten minutes of silence.
	"Didn't I tell them who handsome uncle is?" Doris pursed her lips, feeling aggrieved. "I won't let them know even they want to. I just want to whet their appetites and make them think..."
	Everyone was asking who the handsome uncle was after Doris had mentioned him at the dinner.
	Of course it was Bright, but she didn't tell anyone.
	"Doris, let the grownup deal with grown-ups' business. Kids stay out of it." Rose knew what was on Doris's mind.
	Everyone in the family, except grandma, had shown hostility toward her, and Doris could feel it.
	She mentioned Bright only to show her family that they had a handsome uncle to rely on, and that they were not easy to be bullied.
	"Mom, I know I am a child and cannot get involved in adult things, but I love you, and don't want you to be bullied. If handsome uncle is here, he'll protect us." In Doris's mind, Bright was the strongest man she could rely on, "I haven't seen handsome uncle in a while. I miss him." Doris said.
	Rose looked at Doris's innocent eyes and felt very sad.
	"Mom, don't you miss him?" Doris blinked her eyes.
	Rose shook her head.
	"Really, mommy?" Doris ventured to ask again.
	Rose shook her head again.
	"Mommy, why do I miss him so much and you are not? Mom, you're not in love with handsome uncle." Doris's eyes lit up as if she had discovered something new.
	"When did I say I loved him?" Let alone true love. What did a little kid know?
	"Handsome uncle said we can be together as soon as we become relatives. And it's not possible for me to be with handsome uncle... I have my Dougie now. Isn't it true that only mommy and handsome uncle can get married? So we can be a family." Doris said thoughtfully.
	Words failed Rose. Doris seemed to regard Bright as her family.
	"If... I mean, what if mommy and Mr. Lee become family and then find that being family is not happy and that we have to separate?" Rose tried to put her daughter to the test.
	"Not happy and get separated? But you haven't tried being family together yet. If you try and find you are really not happy... then get separated. As long as you don't regret your decision." Doris is open-minded.
	Rose reached out and touched her head, "So you're willing to let your handsome uncle go?"
	"Of course not, but I don't want mommy to be unhappy." Doris's answer was so heartwarming.
	Rose held Doris gently in her arms, and she felt so warm in the heart that the tip of her nose got sour.
	This was the most precious gift from God, and the angel of salvation.
	And the man who was saved did not know that his savior was by his side.
	Now the last trace of sadness of giving up Sky had disappeared at this time.
	"You won't cry by then?" Rose smiled.
	She finally let it go, and forgot the man who brought her pain.
	"Well, just cry for a few days." Doris quipped.
	"Eyes are not beautiful if they are swollen with crying." Rose reminded her.
	"I was born beautiful. I am still beautiful when my eyes are swollen." No one was more confident than this girl.
	"How narcissistic you are."
	"Mom, I miss handsome uncle. I want to call him." Doris suddenly changed the subject.
	Rose stared at Doris earnestly. She was not joking.
	She took the phone and checked the time, saying, "It's getting late. Your handsome uncle may already be asleep."
	"Give it a try." Doris took the phone and dialed Bright's number.
Chapter 97 I Don't Have Time to Watch You Act
	Bright's cell phone was unanswered.
	Rose then persuaded Doris, who was beginning to feel sleepy, to try again tomorrow, and then took her to take a bath and rest.
	She stayed with Doris, lulled her to sleep with a bedtime story, tucked her in, and gave a gentle kiss on her forehead. And then she went downstairs to see granny.
	Every night she went to see her grandmother when Doris was asleep. Rose would talk to her grandma when she was awake, and then she would talk to herself when her grandma was asleep.
	Or she would sit quietly with her grandmother, which had become her habit.
	And then she would go back to her room to rest.
	As she went upstairs, she happened to meet Sophie, who was carrying a soup of red dates with lotus seeds and white fungus.
	"Sister, can't you sleep? Sophie got in Rose's way, blocking her in the hallway.
	"A good dog is out of the way." Rose's eyes were sharp.
	The sharp words made Sophie lose the color on her face and gnash her teeth in anger.
	But she calmed herself down as soon as possible and smiled, "Sister, Sky has been very fond of soup of red dates with lotus seeds and white fungus these years. I prepare it for him every day. He has had regular check-ups for the past five years and his health is very stable."
	"Sister, I have good news for you. Sky and I are going to have a baby. A boy as handsome as him, I'm looking forward to it. After we give birth to the child, he will grow up in the love of parents and elders. We will give him everything he wants, especially fatherly love."
	"I don't think your daughter will ever realize that. It's a very poor thing."
	"Sister, of course, if you don't turn your back on sick Sky, you won't be what you are like today."
	"Enough?" Rose was expressionless, not being angry at all.
	"Sister, Sky's embrace is very warm. When he holds me, I can fall asleep quickly. It's amazing." Sophie not only satirized Doris for not having a father, but also hurt Rose, "Rose, you are in lack of a man so you couldn't fall asleep. Didn't you and Mr. Timothy go on a blind date last time? I think he's very good. If you have a child and you have a bad reputation, don't be so picky. He is the heir to the Fan family and it is his first marriage. If you marry him, you don't have to worry about the rest of your life."
	"Since you're so jealous, why don't you marry him yourself? If you and Sky divorced, it is just a second marriage. Anyway, you have no child now and might have a better chance to be with him. This is a good chance, seize it." Rose snapped at her.
	"Rose, don't be so sharp! How dare you tell me to divorce Sky? You have an axe to grind! How evil you are!" Sophie scowled and her hands that held the soup began to shake.
	What she feared most was losing Sky, and she would not divorce him even if she died.
	She would not give up being Mrs. Tanner to anyone else, especially Rose.
	"So sister, why do you want me to marry Timothy? Everyone knows what his character is; don't tell me you don't know it!" Rose moved closer to Sophie, who took a step back. "So what if I don't have a man? You will give me Sky to warm my bed?"
	"Never!" Sophie looked stern, and she was not weak anymore, "He's my husband. He can only warm my bed. You don't deserve it!"
	"You think I'll value it?" Rose laughed at her stupidity. "I already have someone to warm the bed. Just look forward to it."
	Rose ignored Sophie, who bit her like a mad dog when she saw her, and stepped past her toward her bedroom.
	At the moment she walked past Sophie, the tray and the soup that Sophie was holding fell to the ground and smashed at her feet.
	"Rose, stop!" Sophie called Rose, who walked on without looking back. "Why did you break the soup I cooked for Sky? Why?"
	"I have no time to watch you act." Rose still did not look back.
	"What's the matter?" Sky, hearing the noisy, came immediately, and his eyes fell on Rose who was facing him.
	"Sky... I accidentally dropped the soup that I prepared for you. It has nothing to do with my sister. She didn't bump into me on purpose." Sophie acted pathetic after Sky arrived.
	"I'll do it right away." She squatted down and scrambled to pick up the broken bowl, but was cut by hands and the blood flowed out, "Ah... it hurts..."
	Hearing that, Sky came forward, squatted down and took her hand, "Don't touch it. It doesn't matter. Let servants clean it."
	"But this is your favorite soup. How clumsy I am. Don't blame Rose." Sophie tried to speak good words for Rose, "It's my fault that I married you when I knew my sister loves you... It's my fault..."
	And then she looked up at Rose with tears in her eyes and said, "I don't complain her, but I don't allow you to vent your anger on Sky. Rose..."
	Sophie couldn't help crying any more. She looked so weak and cries so hard that any man would feel distressed by her pitiful look.
	Sky frowned and helped Sophie up, and wrapped her fingers with the handkerchief he was carrying.
	Rose was in no mood to stay any longer and turned to leave.
	"Stop!" said Sky coldly.
	"Why should I stop when you tell me to, brother-in-law?" Rose smiled softly and brightly. That address sent his ears painful, and made him frown all the more, "Rose, please be nice."
	"Of course I'm nice." Rose looked at Sophie, who was leaning against him, "You have to remember that you are my sister's husband and she is the only one who would listen to you. You still have to be like her and call me sister. Have you heard about an elder sister being obedient to her brother-in-law? It is so unbelievable."
	"Rose, I haven't gotten even with you for what you have done. What do you want by doing this now?" Sky looked down at the debris, "Don't go too far. It is for grandmother's sake that I do not want to mention what happened in those days. It is also to save your face. If you do not cherish it, then do not blame me for being cold."
	"Well, I'd like to see what you would do." Rose didn't mind the threat. "I've never seen you like this before, and I'm looking forward to it. Why don't we talk alone...?"
	"Sky, my hand hurts..." Sophie, on the other hand, was distraught.
	She did not want to and did not dare to leave Rose and Sky alone.
	"Does it hurt? More pain is still to come." Rose's eyes were sharp, "Take care of yourself, my dear sister."
Chapter 98 Who Does Mrs. Lee Want to Accompany
	Rose left without turning back.
	Sky watched her slender back. He frowned with his eyes dimming. He failed to figure out his feeling, anger, hatred or something else…
	After hesitating for seconds, he was about to rise up and chase Rose, but Sophie stopped him, "Sky, what about going back to the room?"
	Until this moment he realized Sophie's hand was hurt, so he nodded.
	Sophie leaned against Sky who supported her waist and held her wrist. They returned to the bedroom.
	Sky helped Sophie seated in the sofa and then took the medicine cabinet. He took out alcohol swabs, sterilizing the wound on her finger and binding it up.
	After doing so, Sky said to Sophie, "Go and have a rest."
	"Okay." Sophie watched him go to put back the medicine cabinet.
	She rose up and sat by the bed, waiting for Sky coming back.
	Noticing her keeping watching him, Sky said, "Don't keep seated. Why not have a rest?"
	He threw back the covers from the other side, going onto the bed. At the same time, Sophie lay herself in the quilt.
	Sky lay on his back. Sophie approached him carefully and put her cheek onto his chest, saying gently, "Sky…"
	"Yes?" His chest was against the top of her head.
	"Sky, it's been 5 years. You have recovered. Is it time for us to have a baby…" Her voice became lower and lower. Finally, it became so lower that she wasn't even sure whether Sky heard her words clearly.
	After saying so, Sophie's heart beat like a drum. She knew any topic about kid would arouse unhappiness between her and Sky, but at present, she couldn't keep calm anymore.
	She kept bending over on Sky's chest. It was so quiet that she could only hear his heartbeat, stable and strong.
	For a long while, Sky kept silent. Sophie couldn't help feeling worried and impatient.
	"Sky, have you heard me?" She inquired carefully.
	"Sophie, didn't we make a decision 3 years ago? The worst plan was that we didn't have a baby." Sky mentioned the decision they made at that time.
	He was afraid the medicine he took would affect childbirth quality. He was also afraid his kid would inherit the disease from him despite that the doctor thought the possibility was very low. So he made the worst plan. He felt regretful but he had to be responsible for his kid.
	Sophie twisted her eyebrows, thinking about how to persuade him to change his decision.
	Her parents were right. Now she needed a kid to save Sky's heart, or their marriage was unstable.
	And Rose was the most unstable element that would explode at anytime.
	However, before marriage, Sky told her clearly that he might not have kids and asked whether she could accept it. If not, and she broke up with him, he wouldn't blame her.
	When it happened, she had a hard time moving Sky. So when she knew she could marry him, she didn't consider too much. Instead, she thought they would have more time spending together without kids.
	She loved him so she could embrace all his traits. After all, true love defeated everything.
	But now she was defeated by the reality.
	She still loved Sky, but she was eager for a kid who had both of their bloods.
	"Sky, when you saw Doris, your eyes were starry. You like kids, don't you? Now there's nothing wrong with you health, so what you are worried about won't happen."
	"You can recover from such a serious disease, so I think God prefers us and he won't be so cruel that deprives us of birth right. He'll bless our kid and you should believe our kid will be healthy."
	"Life is so short. Don't leave regrets, will you?"
	Sophie tried to persuade Sky, touching him with gentle words.
	"Sophie, I understand how you feel, but we must believe science." Sky held her shoulders.
	"Sky, since you believe science, what about having a physical check in the hospital to lower the risks as many as possible. What you suffered is not hereditary disease, so it's unnecessary for us to be much too scared." Sophie raised her head with her chin against his chest, "Since you like kids, we give birth to our own kids, give our love to him and don't leave regrets."
	Sky looked down at her, meeting her eager eyes.
	"Sky, do you agree? As long as the doctor thinks it's ok, I'll make a preparation. If the doctor says no, I won't mention it any longer." Sophie turned charm on him.
	Sky was persuaded by her, "I'll give you an answer after serious consideration."
	Sophie's eyes became blight after she heard it. She was so excited that she held Sky's neck with both hands and kissed his thin lips. She tried to attack him with tenderness.
	"Sky, I want you so much…" she said in a gentle tone and kept kissing him.
	Sky couldn't escape her kisses, so he could only stay there, letting her kissing him.
	What Sophie wanted was sinking down with Sky in the hope that his smell would drive away the shadow left by Timothy…
	"I'm tired today." Sky separated from her, saying breathlessly.
	"We've been apart for 1 week. Don't you miss me?" Sophie stretched out her hands to skillfully loosen the belt of his night-grown.
	"I'm really tired. Let me hold you in arms, okay?" Sky caught her hands and held her in arms, "Have a sleep."
	Sophie was held in his arms with her back toward him. The fire of her desire kept burning…
	That night, she couldn't have a sound sleep. Even in her dream, Timothy didn't let her go. He tortured her.
	On the contrary, Rose had a sound sleep after spending a terrible night.
	She drove the newly bought Ferrari to send Doris to school, which aroused Sophie's envy.
	She absolutely wouldn't let Rose have a happy life!
	After attending the regular meeting, Rose began to beaver away at her work until the week drew to a close.
	Jennifer was sent away with an excuse by Chandler, and Doris went with Jennifer. All of these things were told to her over breakfast by Chandler.
	"Timothy is invited home today. Behave yourself." Chandler warned her.
	"Everything is negotiable unless Rose refuses his courtship." Joy finished the last sip of milk.
	"Let me state it again. I'll marry him as long as he agrees." Rose didn't feel worried at all. She enjoyed the rich breakfast happily.
	After breakfast, she went to the small garden. She sat on the swing, sunbathing, listening to music and reading the book. She enjoyed a rare weekend break.
	As she nearly fell into sleep, the phone rang. The words "Mr. Lee" immediately made her wakening up.
	"Where are you?" Bright Lee asked her directly.
	"I'm sunbathing at home."
	"So dull. What about coming to Cit J with Doris? The flight information will be sent to you later." Bright arranged everything decidedly.
	"I'm afraid your plan is in vain today." She was bewildered, "There's an important guest to come today and my parents ask me to greet him."
	"Who? Who dares to ask the company of my wife?"
	"Timothy Fan."
	"I see. I'll deal with it."
Chapter 99 The Perfect Match
	Looking at the call ended, Rose had a good mood. She went on to enjoy the sunshine with closed eyes. The weather today was so good and she felt warm.
	Sunlight cast on her through vine branches and leaves. The gentle light made her look like a beautiful sketching figure. Every line made her charming.
	Unconsciously, Rose was in sleep until Mary's voice came into her ears, "Miss, Mr. Fan is coming. Mr. and Mrs. Linder ask you to greet him in the living room."
	Mary was the girl she hired from a homemaking company. Mary was responsible for looking after Jennifer and Doris. Besides, she needed a person that she could trust at home, so she hired Mary in Jennifer's name.
	Mary was quite smart and she won Rose's favor.
	Of course, Rose regarded her as her younger sister and treated her well.
	Rose kept her eyes closed but she lightly hooked her lips, "Okay. Tell them I'll be right there."
	"Miss, excuse me, but I don't think Mr. Fan is as excellent as is described by Granny." Mary said in a low voice.
	Rose slowly opened her eyes. Light jumped at the bottom of her eyes, "They are not the same one. They are brothers. Since the Linders introduced him, I have to deal with him."
	"What?" Mary was surprised, "Miss, don't get wrong. Mr. Fan is not a good person at the first sight."
	"I see." Rose got up from the swing and tidied her soft pleated skirt.
	Then Rose went toward the living room from the small garden.
	When she entered the living room, Timothy and his parents came to her eyes. Chandler and Joy were chatting with them.
	When they saw Rose, they all focused on her.
	"Rose Is here. Come here to greet Mr. and Mrs. Fan and have a chat with Timothy." Chandler's words sounded like a command.
	Rose sat opposite Timothy gracefully, "Uncle Fan, Auntie Fan and Mr. Fan, welcome to the Linder family."
	Rose purposely put on a delicate sweet peach makeup, making herself look sweet and pretty like an enticing peach. Meanwhile she was fully girlish. It was really hard to imagine that she had given birth to a kid.
	The red chiffon dress was made up of the pleated skirt, the ruffled sleeves and the round stringy selvedge. The skirt looked as soft as water and as light as clouds. So today Rose looked like a fairy falling into the earth, which made Timothy excited. His greedy eyes kept fixing on Rose.
	Such beauty was a feast for the eyes. How wonderful it would be if he could taste her sweetness.
	Timothy had some dirty ideas in his mind so his eyes became more and more unbridled.
	"Rose is so pretty today." Timothy praised her with smiles.
	"Thank you. But do you mean I'm not pretty in usual time?" Rose complained to him in a flirting manner.
	"No. I mean you're prettier today. You're really elegant." Timothy was good at flirting.
	"You're more handsome." Rose complimented him as well. She took the teapot, giving Mr. and Mrs. Fan some tea, "Uncle and Auntie, have some tea, please."
	"Okay." The Fan couple looked at each other, feeling satisfied with her.
	Timothy's scandal was known by the whole City H. If Rose who was pretty and had a good background could become his wife, they couldn't be happier.
	The reason why they were so collaborative was that they were afraid that the Linder family would regret.
	"We come here for your marriage." Timothy's father sipped the tea and said, "We're indeed satisfied with Rose. What's your opinion, Mr. and Mrs. Linder?"
	"Of course we think Mr. Fan matches Rose. You see they are both in white today. They're the perfect match." Chandler had a careful observation.
	"Yes. Rose told me as well she had a good impression on Timothy. We both agree that they should spend more time together to promote their relationship."
	"Really?" Mrs. Fan's eyes lit up with pleasure as he heard that Rose had such a good impression on her son, "Rose is a nice girl. Marrying her is Timothy's luck."
	They flattered each other in this way. Rose heard with gentle smiles on her face, but she gave a cold smile in her heart.
	As for acting, Chandler and Joy were much better than Oscar winner for Best Actor and Actress.
	When it was nearly lunchtime, Aunt Liu came up to them, "Sir and Madam, lunch is ready."
	"Good." Chandler rose up and made a gesture of "invite" to the Fan family, "Let's have lunch."
	They went to the dining room. The lunch was quite rich.
	As long as they were seated, someone came up, informing, "Sir, Madam, an honored guest arrives."
	"An honored guest? Who?" Chandler didn't think it was possible.
	Today he only invited the Fan family. Who else would come here?
	"Mr. Lee who visited you last time." The servant had a deep impression on Bright's previous visit to the Linder family.
	This man was favored by God. He was the focus of the crowd. Nobody would forget him after seeing him.
	"Mr. Lee?" Chandler and Joy were surprised. Why did he come here at this point?
	"Mr. Linder, who is Mr. Lee?" Mr. Fan asked and he had an answer in his heart, "Is he the Mr. Lee in City J?"
	"I don't know. I'll go and see." Chandler hurriedly stood up and went to the living room.
	Joy and the Fan couple all rose up and went outside. After hesitation, Timothy stood up as well. Only Rose was left in the dining room. She was very calm as if it had nothing to do with her.
	"Don't you go and have a look?" Timothy looked toward her.
	If the guest was really from the Lee family of City J, he was the one that everyone wanted to cling to. As long as one built a network with him, he would have a bright future.
	"What's there to see?" Rose kept sill, "He can't be here for me and I have no chance to talk with him."
	Timothy sat again with his eyes gazing at her, "You don't go. I don't go. I'm here with you. We can have a chat."
	"What do you wanna talk about?" Rose tried to ignore his indecent look.
	"Us." Timothy hooked his lips, giving an evil smile.
	Rose kept smiling. What could happen between them? Even if there was something, Bright would handle it.
Chapter 100 Let's Get Married
	Rose didn't reply to him at all. Timothy couldn't figure out her attitude.
	"Both of our parents are at present and we even have the meal at home. Uncle Linder and Auntie Young don't treat me as a stranger. So to some degree, we are the family. Rose, let's make sure our relationship so that we can promote our relationship."
	Timothy was really having a daydream.
	"If my parents agree, I agree." Rose followed his daydream.
	"They absolutely would agree. I'll give you a surprise." Mr. Fan smiled proudly.
	"Surprise, what surprise?" A voice came from the door of the dining room.
	Bright was in the front, followed by the Fan family and the Linder family. When he entered the dining room, Timothy was astonished and he opened his eyes wide.
	He had heard much of Bright, but he had no chances to see him. However, today he could see him in the Linder's house in such as close distance. He couldn't help being excited.
	Bright dressed up well. His imposing presence, handsome cool face and graceful behavior were far beyond Timothy's reach. Compared with him, Timothy was wretched.
	Bright stood beneath the crystal chandelier. Light cast on him, making him so attractive and look like Princess Charming.
	"It seems I interrupted your invitation, Mr. Linder." Looking at the rich dishes, Bright's eyesight glanced past Linder without trace.
	"No no. We are greatly honored by your gracious visit." Chandler looked very nervous.
	"Yes, you come at an appropriate time. We haven't started lunch yet. If you don't mind, what about having lunch with us?" Joy's face was full of smiles. Bright's appearance at this moment was absolutely a silent support for the Linder family.
	The Fan family admired the Linder family very much as it was really difficult to invite Bright. So the rumor seemed true that the Linder family and Bright had a close relationship.
	"If you have time, please pay a visit to our home as well." The Fan family invited Bright sincerely.
	"You're so polite, Mr. Linder and Mr. Fan." Bright replied in a polite yet alienated way without any special passion.
	"I'm flattered." Chandler replied, "But what does Mr. Lee come here for?"
	Bright replied coldly, "Doris called me, saying she missed me. It's weekend so I come for her."
	When he said so, both Chandler and Joy's faces became dark, but they maintained fake smiles, "Mr. Lee, Doris is having a trip outside with Granny."
	"Oh, what a pity." Bright glanced at his diamond wrist watch, "If you don't mind, I'll wait for her."
	"Of course not."
	How dared Mr. and Mrs. Linder mind it. If so, they were finding themselves trouble, weren't they?
	It never occurred to them that Bright adored Doris so much as if she was his daughter.
	But the Fan family was curious about "Doris". Their eyes were full of confusion. Who was Doris that could win Bright's favor and even made him come from the place far away?
	They were sure Doris was the one important to him.
	"Please be seated, Mr. Lee." Chandler pulled the chair next to him.
	Bright unbuckled the buttons on his suit and took a seat on the left of Rose. Meanwhile Timothy sat on her right. "Mr. Lee, help yourself. Good appetite." Chandler felt extremely happy. He raised the wine glass, "Please allow me to give you a toast."
	"Sorry, Mr. Linder. I drove here. If I drink, who drives me home?" Bright made a joke without raising the wine cup.
	"Mr. Lee, we have a chauffeur and I'll arrange him to drive for you. No worries." Again Chandler raised the wine cup in his hand, "Mr. Lee, I drink first to show my respect."
	Then Chandler raised his head and swallowed a small cup of white wine.
	Chinese mainly drank white wine.
	Bright slowly raised the wine up and drank it.
	Rose cast a glance at Bright who didn't change his face.
	On the other side, Mr. Fan also toasted Bright, and then it was Timothy's turn. He stood up and raised the wine cup, "Mr. Lee, I - -"
	"I am not a good drinker, so excuse me, I won't drink with you." Timothy took the chopsticks on the table, picked a small cube of reddish and bit it.
	Rose took the soup bowl and handed a bowl of fish soup to Bright, "Mr. Lee, please taste of the delicious soup."
	"Okay." Bright took the spoon and tasted the soup. It was really delicious and led him to endless aftertastes.
	Timothy noticed their interaction and felt uncomfortable.
	Rose was the one he felt satisfied with. He didn't want to give such a beauty away to anyone else, even Bright Lee.
	Sophie had been conquered by him. If he could conquer Rose, then both of the pretty sisters were his.
	He used to love Sophie. Now he had had sex with her, abandoned her and prepared to build a relationship with Rose and even was going to marry her. What he did was to retaliate against Sophie's humiliation.
	He really wanted to be Sophie's "brother-in-law". How happy it would be!
	"Dad, Mum, Uncle and Auntie, since Mr. Lee is here, I want him to work as a matchmaker." The more Timothy thought about it, the more excited he became.
	"For what?" Bright wiped the corner of his mouth with the napkin.
	"Mr. Lee, Rose and I love each other and have gained both of our parents' permission to date. I fell in love win Rose at the first sight. Hence I hope you can be a matchmaker for our love." Timothy pushed away his chair and took out a red velvet box from the pocket.
	All people at presence focused their attention on Timothy, especially Rose who stared at the box in his hand and felt certain about what would happen next. As expected, Timothy got down on one knee in front of Rose and slowly opened the red velvet box in his hand. A 5-carat diamond ring was lying inside the box. It was flawlessly cut and gave bright rays.
	Timothy raised his head to watch Rose in the same horizon. He looked at her with attentive and affectionate eyes, "Rose, although we don't quite know each other, I'm in full love with you and I wanna spend the rest of life with you. Let's get married."
	Timothy looked greasy and his words were also greasy, making Rose feel sick.
	Perhaps because of the first impression he left on her was bad, whatever he did later on didn't arouse her any good feeling at all.
Chapter 101 He Is Not an Outsider
	Rose saw that Timothy looked sincere. His eyes gleamed, it seemed that he really hoped that Rose could be touched and then agreed to marry him.
	However, Rose would not be touched at all, because she was calmer than ever and she knew what she should do.
	She knew that her parents had talked with Timothy, and they just wanted to push her to marry Timothy sooner.
	They didn't regard her as their daughter, but just a kind of commodity. So they could sell her anytime.
	She must resist, and she knew that only Bright could help her.
	"Rose, what are you thinking about?" Timothy saw that she wasn't surprised or touched. It seemed that it wasn't going well, so he felt a bit nervous.
	After all, there were so many people who were looking at him, including Bright.
	Chandler and Joy had agreed that they would ask Rose to marry him as long as he proposed to her. Otherwise, he wouldn't propose to her so eagerly.
	"Well, I think Rose must be surprised, so she doesn't know what to do now." Chandler explained with a smile.
	"Rose, Timothy is proposing to you now. We are touched by what he does. What do you think? Don't you look forward to marrying him? Now, your dream is coming true." Joy exaggerated.
	"Rose, since Timothy and you really hit it off, we will support you. Don't be shy. Please say yes." Timothy's mother said to Rose gently, because she also hoped that they could get married.
	"We will bless you." Timothy's father expressed his attitude.
	"Bravo!" Bright Lee clapped his hands and said, "I am also touched by Mr. Timothy. Miss Rose, why don't you say yes?"
	"Mr. Bright, if you feel touched, you can marry him." Rose said.
	Chandler suddenly felt angry and criticized Rose, "Rose, how could you talk to Mr. Lee in this way? You are so rude."
	"Mr. Lee, I am so sorry. My daughter is always outspoken, we should have educated her well. Please forgive her." Joy explained to Bright, because she dared not to offend him.
	"It doesn't matter." Bright said. And it seemed that he was smiling with the expressions on his face, as if expressing affection for Rose.
	They didn't think it was normal, because they never saw Bright smile.
	"Rose, our parents allow us to get married. Please give me a chance to take care of you and love you." Timothy kept persuading Rose to say yes.
	Rose took the diamond ring from the box and smiled delightedly, and the diamond ring was shining under the lights.
	"Rose, let me help you wear the ring." Timothy was going to take the ring from her hands and help her put it on.
	Rose's profile looked like a soft light, just like a magnolia which was fresh and elegant. She said,
	"It's too late."
	"Why?" Timothy paused and blinked. He didn't know what she really wanted to say.
	Chandler and Joy were also puzzled and even unhappy.
	"Well..." Chandler laughed with awkwardness and said, "I think Rose just hopes that Timothy can propose to her earlier. Rose, it's a good choice to marry Timothy, because I think he really takes it seriously and he is trustworthy."
	"If you think that it's too late to propose to you now, we can get married and then hold a wedding ceremony at once." Timothy also couldn't wait to marry her.
	"Don't get me wrong." Rose smiled and said, "Although our parents allow us to get married, I need to seek the consent of another person."
	"Do you mean Jennifer?" Timothy thought about her grandma.
	"No." Rose shook her head.
	"Then who?" Timothy didn't know who he/she was.
	Rose said slowly, "He is also here today. If you want me to marry you, you should ask for his agreement."
	Timothy looked around and then he saw Bright except for their parents.
	He felt nervous when he looked at Bright. Was he the person Rose mentioned just now?
	That was impossible! How could it have anything to do with Bright?
	What was the relationship between Rose and Bright? He didn't hear that they had any relationship.
	Rose's parents and Timothy's parents also looked at Bright.
	Bright sat there calmly, and he looked more powerful than others.
	Even though everyone was watching him, he was calm as usual. And he quietly drank a bowl of fish soup given by Rose.
	And then he gave the bowl to Rose and said, "One more bowl, please."
	"OK." Rose obediently served him soup, just like his obedient wife.
	"Mr. Lee..." Timothy thought that there was something wrong between them.
	"Yes, I am the one Rose mentioned just now." Bright took the bowl from Rose.
	"Mr. Lee... What happened?" Chandler tried to smile.
	Bright was already married, wasn't he? If he had a relationship with Rose, it could only be an extramarital relationship...
	Was it the truth?
	"Does Mr. Timothy have to marry Rose?" Bright looked at Timothy seriously.
	Timothy even dared not to look at him directly, and he was a bit nervous, "O... Of course."
	"Then do you think you are qualified to marry her?" Bright asked him again.
	"I... I..." Timothy started to stutter.
	"Mr. Bright, what do you mean?" Timothy's father frowned and thought that he looked down upon them, "The Fan family really takes it seriously. If I may say so, I think you are an outsider, and it's none of your business."
	"Outsider?" Bright sneered and then held one of Rose's hands to show them the relationship between Rose and him.
	When they saw Bright hold Rose's hand presumptuously, they didn't smile anymore.
	"Do you tell them I am an outsider?"
	Rose glanced at Bright and then said, "To tell you the truth, Mr. Bright is not an outsider here. He is..."
	"If Mr. Bright isn't an outsider here, why don't you tell us? Do you think our Fan family can be looked down upon?" Timothy's father was angry, but he had to suppress his anger.
	"Rose, as we all know, Mr. Bright is married, you can't have any relationship with him." Chandler didn't know what to do, and he didn't want to cause any trouble, "Mr. Bright, it's my daughter's fault. Please let her go. Otherwise, I think your wife will be mad."
	"Will you be mad?" Bright asked Rose.
Chapter 102 You Will Get It
	They felt puzzled again when they saw Bright ask Rose gently.
	Was this really Mr. Bright who was cold and ruthless? Why did he look so gently at that moment?
	Indeed, Bright really looked gentler under the warm light.
	Rose felt that her heart beat faster under his gaze, and she was even addicted to his handsome appearance.
	"I... I certainly will not be mad." Rose said according to her own thoughts.
	She didn't think too much at that moment, because she knew that every woman dreamed of getting together with him as he was such a handsome and noble man.
	And he was holding her hands without thinking about any taboos in front of them.
	Bright smiled with satisfaction. He looked up to them and said slowly, "Did you hear what she said? She said she would not be mad."
	Chandler and Joy were anxious, and the members of the Fan family were angry.
	But they dared not to offend Bright, so they didn't know what to do.
	Chandler sat on the seat and held his pants tightly. He was going to be crazy in such an embarrassing situation.
	He looked at Joy and didn't know what to do.
	Joy was also very angry, and she watched Bright and Rose holding hands together and felt it was really bad.
	"Mr. Bright, even if you want to be together with Rose, I have to say something because I am her mother." She encouraged herself and said, "Rose, we have no high requirements for you, and we just hope that you can be an upright person. However, you embarrass make us. As we all know, Mr. Bright is married. How can you be together with him? This is really shameless. You will be scolded by others. How can you do that? Rose, you really embarrass our Linder family. We don't even know how to explain to the other members of our family."
	"Timothy treats you sincerely, and he even proposed to you in front of us and his parents. He is really sincere. Why don't you marry a man who has no wife? Certainly, I know Mr. Bright is very excellent, but he is married. I don't think you should be together with him."
	"Mr. Bright, if you really love Rose, please let her go. You are married. If Rose breaks your marriage, she will be sinful. Right?"
	Joy said a lot in a short time, and she tried to restrain her emotions in her words.
	The expression on Bright's face didn't change, and he still looked calm. It made Chandler feel better, so he said, "Mr. Bright, in this situation, my wife may have said something inappropriate. But she just wants to express her concerns as mother and also an exhortation to her daughter. She doesn't hope our daughter does something wrong to have a bad influence on your family. Please forgive her."
	It was a good excuse for a woman to say something wrong. But as a man, he could not talk to them like that. That was why he implied Joy to talk to them first.
	In this regard, people were always more tolerant to women than men.
	"Yes, you are right. I agree with you." Bright smiled and he didn't seem to be angry.
	"Then, Mr. Bright will break up with Rose, right?" Chandler thought that they could persuade Bright.
	Joy also felt happy because she thought that she had persuaded Bright.
	In their opinion, Bright Lee was born into a famous family and he was married. Rose was just one of his lovers. Compared with his wife, Rose was nothing.
	Among the rich, men often played love games with a few kept women. If they took it seriously, the game would be over.
	Besides, men like them wouldn't choose to divorce because of lovers. What's more, if a woman could marry Bright Lee, she must be outstanding, and her family would also be a big and famous family; and they would pay much more attention to the common benefits than their marriage life.
	As businessmen, they would take benefits in the first place.
	"I am sorry I have to let you down, because we won't break up with each other forever." Bright kept smiling, but he was still calm.
	It made Chandler and Joy confused, and they also felt stressed and even couldn't breathe after they heard what Bright said.
	"Mr. Bright, we don't understand." Joy said with scrupulousness.
	"It doesn't matter. You keep paying attention to what we do." Bright didn't want to say too much.
	Chandler and Joy looked at each other again. They thought that they had to persuade Rose to break up with Bright on her own initiative. Otherwise, they couldn't change his mind.
	"Rose, I think we need to talk with each other alone." Joy asked Rose to come with her, so that she could persuade her to break up with Bright. But she couldn't let Bright know about it.
	"Mom, why don't we talk with each other here?" Rose knew what Joy wanted to talk about with her, so she didn't want to follow her.
	"I think it's our secret, so I don't want to talk with you here." Joy smiled, but she really hated Rose in her mind.
	"Mom, do you want to ask me to break up with Mr. Bright and then marry Mr. Timothy?" Rose directly spoke out Joy's thoughts.
	Joy felt very embarrassed, but she had to explain with a smile, "Rose, I just hope that you will live a good life. You shouldn't be a mistress and destroy his family. What's more, you have agreed to marry Timothy before. Otherwise, we wouldn't meet with his parents. If you can marry Timothy, and Mr. Bright can be loyal to his marriage again, it will be good."
	"Mom, I know it will be the best choice. But what if I say no? What if I decide to stay together with Mr. Bright forever?" Rose said with a bright smile.
	"..." Joy's face turned pale.
	Chandler frowned more tightly and he closed his eyes because he was too angry.
	Timothy's parents felt angrier after they heard what Rose said.
	"Miss Rose, how can you do that?" Timothy's father was very angry and his hands on the table clenched into fists, "Since you have been together with Mr. Bright, how could you promise to attend the blind date with our son? Since you have attended the blind date with our son, how could you do this? I don't think we have done anything bad to you."
	"Miss Rose, I always think that you are a good girl. I never thought that you would behave like that." Timothy's mother also felt regretted, she didn't think Rose should be praised anymore.
	"Do you want to know the reason why I would do it?" Rose said scornfully, "Well, let me tell you about it."
Chapter 103 You Can't Live Without Me
	Everyone was looking at her, including Chandler, Joy, Timothy Fan and his parents. And they were all angry, because they thought that Rose made them embarrassed with her tricks.
	"I think you should know why I would do it. My grandma asked me to attend the blind date with Mark Fan and she made an arrangement for us. However, it wasn't Mark Fan but Timothy Fan on the blind date with me because of your tricks. I am the one who has been cheated, not you." Rose accused them of planning tricks.
	"Today, Mark Fan and his grandma should have been here. However, because of your tricks, your younger son Timothy Fan and you attended the blind date today. I know you do it for benefits, but you can't get a good result."
	"I just want to take revenge on you. Otherwise, you will always think that I am weak. As the saying goes, even a worm will turn. I will solemnly tell you now that even if Mr. Bright did not come here today, I will not agree to marry Mr. Timothy. Because I am no longer qualified to marry another person."
	Rose finished speaking and drank two sips of soup.
	When they saw her so calm, and she didn't feel sorry for making them embarrassed or even humiliated because of what she had done, they were very angry.
	But they also felt helpless because Bright was here to support her. They were really angry.
	Timothy especially felt angry. He had made an arrangement for today and he thought that everything would be under his control. Unexpectedly, Rose wasn't under his control. And he dared not to do anything because of Bright, just like a tortoise. He thought that it was the greatest shame in his life.
	Since Bright had admitted that Rose was his lover, how could he dare to argue with Bright? If he did it, he couldn't live anymore. However, it wasn't the most important thing. What was important was that the Fan family may decline from then on.
	"She is my girl, how can she marry any other man? Who dare to marry her?" Bright held Rose's chin and looked at her face with a smile.
	Rose also smiled at him. And she looked proud because she did it with her tricks.
	"Mr. Bright, we never knew the relationship between Rose and you. And I certainly dare not to compete with you. Please forgive me for what I have done." Timothy felt scared because of what Bright said just now.
	"As you said, I am married. How can my relationship with Ms. Rose be disclosed to others casually?" Bright still kept looking at Rose and appreciated her appearance carefully.
	"Of course, I won't tell others about your relationship." Timothy said, "We won't cause any trouble to you. Please don't worry about it."
	In the public, everyone thought that Bright was cool and noble without any scandals. If people knew that he had a lover outside, it would have a bad influence on his image.
	What's more, he wouldn't allow other people to use his fodder for topics conversations as he was distinguished and married.
	"We had no idea about it and we didn't see anything." Timothy's parents also had to endure this kind of humiliation, because they couldn't offend Bright Lee.
	Bright just smiled slightly.
	"Then we will leave first." Timothy and his parents wanted to leave here quickly.
	They left here as if running away, which made Rose feel very happy, and she could hardly help laughing.
	To be a fair lady, she tried not to burst into laughter.
	"If you want to laugh, just do it." Bright knew what she was thinking about.
	And then Rose burst into laughter. Her voice was nice, and her eyes were beautiful.
	Bright watched her laugh and thought that she was so pretty.
	However, Chandler and Joy didn't want to laugh at all. Because they felt anxious when they saw that Bright was looking at Rose gently.
	They didn't know Rose was together with Bright, and they even wanted to ask Rose to marry Timothy.
	Everyone knew that Timothy had bad characters. And Bright would know about it. So, if he asked them about it, they didn't know how to explain.
	The only way was to turn to Rose. But they had always disliked this daughter, so how could they ask her for help?
	"Mr. Bright, we..." Chandler wanted to explain first.
	"There is no outsider, so I think we need to talk with each other seriously." Bright sat well and looked serious as usual.
	"Yes, please." Chandler and Joy nodded with agreement like a dog.
	As expected, only people like Bright could make them afraid.
	Rose took a piece of watermelon and enjoyed it. She looked like an outsider here.
	"As we all know, Rose is my lover. I hope you won't arrange any blind dates for her anymore." Bright said with aggressiveness.
	"OK. We won't do it again." They nodded repeatedly.
	"Moreover, no one will be allowed to hurt her." Bright smirked and gently squeezed Rose's face, "Except me, of course."
	"That hurts!" Rose was eating the watermelon and she felt unhappy by bothering him, so she slapped his hand.
	Bright released his hand and said coldly, "You shall remember it."
	"Yes, we will remember it."
	"If she tells me that she's hurt, I won't let you off." Bright said it to make them take it seriously.
	Rose smiled and thought that they wouldn't dare to be mean to her anymore, because there would be someone helping her as long as she cried.
	Chandler and Joy really felt bad. If Rose told him that they did something bad to her, they would be over.
	Therefore, they had to fawn on Rose in the future. And they couldn't be mean to her anymore.
	Would they have a good life in the future?
	"Mr. Bright, I will be spoiled if you love me so much." Rose held one of his arms and said.
	Bright held her shoulders and even tapped the tip of her nose gently with one of his fingertips and said, "I want to spoil you, so that you can't live without me in the future."
Chapter 104 It Feels Good to Be with You
	Rose slowly leaned her head against his shoulder, pretending to be affectionate and said, "Then I will depend on you for the rest of my life."
	"It's my pleasure!" It made Chandler and Joy know how important Rose was to Bright.
	"Mr. Bright, I love you so much." Rose kissed his face quickly.
	Chandler and Joy looked around and dared not to see them.
	This time, they lost to their most annoying daughter. With the support of Bright, they couldn't bully her again, though they might get close to Bright Lee because of her.
	"Please remember to pay what you owe me." Bright implied her with his words.
	Rose was taken aback for a while and then smiled like a fool.
	He gave her a disgusting look and then left with her by holding one of her hands.
	"What are you going to do?" Rose was pulled up by him with puzzlement.
	"I want to see Doris." Bright just wanted to come here to see Doris and her.
	"OK." Rose nodded with agreement.
	"Are you really her mother?" Bright thought that she was too calm.
	"Of course!" Rose argued with him.
	"It doesn't matter whether she is mine or not, as long as she is a daughter." Bright didn't want to think about whether she was the daughter of Sky Tanner. The only thing he cared about was that he liked her and he felt happy when he stayed with her.
	Rose looked at her with surprise because she didn't expect that he would say it like this.
	He was Bright. Why didn't he care about whether Doris was his own daughter? In her mind, any ordinary man would mind this.
	"Mr. and Mrs. Linder, I am sorry to bother you today. I would like to leave with Rose first." Before they left, Bright said to Chandler and Joy like this to show his respect to them.
	After all, he was the younger generation, and they were the parents of Rose. They might meet with each other in the future, so he thought he should get along well with them.
	"It's OK. Have fun!"
	Chandler and Joy stood up and watched them leave. Since they had been together, they couldn't discourage them from being in love with each other, so they could just let it be.
	In addition, this was not all bad for them. There would be benefits. At least they could cooperate with Bright through the relationship between Rose and Bright. In the future, in the entire southern part of City H, the social status of the Linder family would be improved and they would be able to obtain more commercial resources.
	For the benefits of the Linder family, it was necessary to make some sacrifices.
	Bright left the Linder family with Rose. There was a Bentley car parked outside.
	After they got in the car, the driver started the car and drove away from the Linder family.
	Bright leaned against the seat, and he looked elegant, handsome and charming.
	Rose looked at him stupidly, as if seeing a handsome guy for the first time.
	"Why do you keep looking at me?" Bright asked her after a long time.
	And then Rose was awaken from a dazed state and said, "Mr. Bright is so handsome and charming, so I want to keep looking at you."
	"It's OK. But I need to get something in exchange." Bright looked at her and said.
	Rose turned her face and looked at his eyes, "I'd like to invite you to dinner."
	She didn't eat lunch today because of them, and indeed she didn't have an appetite. So now she was a bit hungry.
	"No, I don't agree." Bright refuse it in exchange.
	Rose looked at him with her pretty eyes and said seriously, "Then what do you want?"
	"How about having a sexual relationship with me willingly?" He said casually, as if saying that the weather today was good.
	"..." Rose didn't know what to say.
	Couldn't he talk in a normal way?
	"Why? Don't you want to take responsibility for me after getting help from me?" He kept asking her.
	"Mr. Bright, I certainly will repay you." Rose said.
	"Then what do you want to do?" Bright said with dissatisfaction.
	"I don't think it's a good idea. What else do you want except this?" Rose acted like a spoiled child.
	"How can you haggle with me?" Bright said with a light laughter, "I flew from City J to City H to help you. Do you intend to repay your savior in this way?"
	"Mr. Bright, although I am just Mrs. Lee in name, if you didn't help me, I would commit bigamy, which would make you ashamed." Rose let him know her condition on purpose, and she didn't know whether he would help her or not at that time.
	"Certainly, I should say thanks to you."
	Actually, she was touched when she saw him appear in the Linder family. She thought that if he didn't come to City H to help her, she had to disclose the agreement and marriage bonds between them, so that she could destroy the plan of her crazy parents and Timothy Fan, who was concupiscent.
	Bright looked at her long eyelashes gently.
	"Well, no one dares to bully you from now on. If someone tries to bully you, I will try my best to help you." He certainly wouldn't allow any other people to bully his wife.
	Although he didn't tell them about the marriage between Rose and him and made them get him wrong, it was fine because he solved the problems.
	As for the real relationship between Rose and him, he would tell the Linder family when it was needed. And there was no need for others to know about it.
	"Mr. Bright, I hope you can keep your words." Rose emphasized.
	"Certainly!" Bright never went back on his words.
	"I trust you." Rose laughed at ease, and she looked so pretty.
	"Why do you laugh?" He felt warm when he saw that she laughed happily.
	"It feels good to be with you." Rose said to him sincerely.
	Her grandma loved her most in the Linder family, and she protected her all the time. However, her grandma was getting older, and she couldn't protect her grandma forever from being hurt by her parents or other people.
	Now, Bright could help her and protect her from being hurt. So she felt warm and touched.
	She even wanted to cry because she was touched when she thought about that.
	"Why do you cry? I didn't bully you, right?" Bright saw there were tears in her eyes and thought that she really looked beautiful.
	"I don't cry." Rose blinked twice and tried not to cry.
	Bright held her face and wiped her tears at the corner of her eyes, "No one will like you because you will look ugly because of crying."
	"..." She didn't think she looked ugly.
	"How can you stare at me?" Bright frowned and got close to her face, "If you dare to keep staring at me, I will let you have a relationship with me forever."
Chapter 105 A Real Domineering President
	Rose felt touched and smiled happily.
	Bright held one of her hands and gently touched her skin on the back of her hand with his thumb, and he still looked at her gently.
	She clearly knew that their marriage agreement would expire in less than one month and the three-year period would expire. Then their marriage would be dissolved. Therefore, she couldn't take his words seriously; otherwise she would make herself sad.
	For the rest of the time, both of them kept quiet until they arrived at the place where Jennifer and Doris were playing.
	When Doris saw Bright at first sight, she ran over and hugged his legs and said, "Handsome uncle, do you miss me?"
	"Yes." Bright squatted down to touch her head tenderly and said, "I miss you."
	"I also miss you so much. I miss you more than you miss me." Doris said seriously.
	"So I came here to see you this weekend." Bright squeezed her soft face lightly.
	Her smile was so sweet after hearing that. And then she saw Rose and said, "Mom."
	"You finally see me." Rose complained, because she was ignored by her own daughter just now.
	"You know I rarely have a chance to see my handsome uncle." She stuck out her tongue playfully.
	"Your mom is jealous." Bright stood up and looked at Rose, and then he turned his head and approached her, "We are a family. Why are you jealous?"
	Rose glanced at him and then turned back to see her grandma.
	Bright and Doris looked at each other and smiled, and then Bright held Doris in his arms and followed Rose to see Jennifer.
	When Jennifer saw Bright, she was surprised, because she knew that the Lee family lived in City J, and City J was thousands of miles away from City H.
	"Grandma, why do you keep looking at Mr. Bright? Do you forget him?" Rose asked Jennifer and reminded her that it was impolite.
	"Why did you come here together with him?" Jennifer looked at her and Bright with puzzlement.
	Rose didn't want to come here together with him, but she didn't dare to show her dislike to him. She said, "Well, Mr. Bright comes to City H because of work. And we happened to be nearby, so I wanted to come here to see you and Doris."
	Rose lied to Jennifer and didn't tell her about the real relationship between Bright and her.
	"Oh, I see." Jennifer didn't ask her about it anymore.
	She knew that Bright was married and he was a decent man, so she didn't think that he would have a relationship with Rose except for work. However, she also felt that there was something wrong.
	"Grandma, let's go back home together." Rose said to her.
	"It's a nice day. I want to stay here for a while. You can go and have fun. Don't worry about me." Jennifer looked at the sunshine and said, "Bright is our guest, you should treat him well."
	"Don't worry, grandma." Rose smiled and said, "Then we'll go first."
	"Jennifer, welcome to City J when you have time. I think my grandma will be very happy if you go to visit her in City J." Bright held Doris in his arms and invited Jennifer to visit them in City J sincerely.
	"OK." Jennifer nodded and said, "I want to talk with Rose."
	Bright got it and knew that she wanted to talk with Rose alone, so he went away with Doris.
	Rose looked at the back of Bright and then turned to Jennifer, "Grandma, what's wrong?"
	"Rose, I know Bright is excellent and charming and he is decent and born in a famous family. So there must be many girls attracted to him. If he isn't married yet, I certainly hope that you can be together with him. And I don't have to worry about you anymore if you can be with him. l However, it's too late because he's married."
	"Grandma, why do you talk about this?" Rose didn't dare to look at Jennifer's eyes with a guilty look on her face.
	"Although you work together with him, she needs to keep distance from him. Otherwise, other people will gossip about you. Moreover, if his wife and the Lee family know about it, I don't know what will happen. You can't destroy his family. It's not good for you and him. Do you understand?" Jennifer worried that someone would spread rumors.
	"Grandma, I got it. I know what to do. Don't worry." Rose patted her hands gently to comfort her, "I will behave myself."
	"That's good." Jennifer really worried her so she talked with her about it, "Well, you can go first. Bright is waiting for you."
	"OK." Rose smiled and then turned back and left.
	After taking a few steps, Rose turned back to look at Jennifer's face and said, "Grandma, Mr. Bright and I..."
	She was thinking about whether she could tell her grandma the relationship between Bright and her. However, their marriage would be dissolved in less than a month. If she told Jennifer now, the latter would be sad in the future.
	"What's wrong?" Jennifer asked her.
	"Nothing important. I just want to say that I will treat Mr. Bright well. And we know what we should do." Rose had no courage to tell her at last.
	And then she left. Doris sat in the car, and Bright was waiting for her outside the car.
	Bright didn't ask her about what Jennifer talked with her, and Rose didn't tell him about it.
	"I will tell Jennifer about our relationship when it is appropriate." It seemed that Bright knew what Jennifer talked with her.
	Rose thought that he had supernatural powers, because he seemed to know everything.
	"If you tell her, I am afraid she will be shocked." Rose knew that it was out of her expectation. And Jennifer also hoped that he wasn't married so that they could be together with each other. So if she knew it, she would be too excited.
	"I will tell her when everything is ready." Bright looked at her with dissatisfaction, "You shouldn't doubt my ability."
	She thought that he was a real domineering President.
	"Get in the car!" Bright opened the door for her like a gentleman.
	They sat by Doris's side and looked like a real family.
	"Where do you want to go?" Bright held Doris's hands and asked.
	"As long as my mom and handsome uncle stay with me, we can go anywhere." Doris held one of Rose's hands with her small hand, and looked at them with her big eyes.
	"Let's go to the Ocean Park." Doris made a decision happily.
	When they arrived at the Ocean Park, Doris saw that there were many marine organism, including penguins that looked stupid, docile white whales, and smart dolphins, etc..
	They also watched the show of white whales, and it was awesome with the wonderful music...
	And then, they found somewhere to take a rest. Bright went to buy spring water, while Doris and Rose were sitting there and waiting for him.
	"Hello, Doris. You are here!" Suddenly, there was a kid who was calling Doris with excitement.
Chapter 106 Let Our Parents Be Together
	"Wyatt." Doris saw Wyatt.
	Wyatt looked so happy. He shook his fat hands and his face was red. He said, "Aunt Rose, Doris, nice to meet you."
	"Why are you staying here alone?" Rose asked him, "Come here and have a seat."
	"I came here with my father. He is talking on the phone with someone over there." Wyatt pointed to a man who was standing not far away.
	Matthew was indeed talking on the phone. Sometimes he frowned, and sometimes he put one hand on his hips.
	"Why do you run away from your father by yourself? It is crowded here. What if you get lost? It's too dangerous." Rose talked to Wyatt, "No matter where you want to go, you should tell your parents first."
	"I agree with my mom. If you run around like this, your dad can't find you after he talks on the phone." Doris also said that he was wrong by doing like this.
	"I am sorry." Wyatt lowered his head and then he raised his head and explained to them, "I saw you just now, and I wanted to play with you. But my father had been talking on the phone, and I dared not to bother him. So I came here to find you first. I never ran around like this before."
	"That's fine." Rose looked at Matthew, who was not far away. And then she took out her phone and texted him to tell him that Wyatt stayed together with them, so that he could find Wyatt after the phone call.
	"My father is often very busy. This weekend, he finally has time to take me out to have fun. I didn't expect that I could meet you. If I knew you would also come here, I had to come here together with you." Wyatt looked at Doris and smiled, "Doris, can we play together every Sunday from now on?"
	"If you behave like a real man and never cry again, I will play with you." Doris wanted to encourage Wyatt to be a strong kid.
	"I promise I won't cry again. I will be a real man and protect you." Wyatt was so glad when he heard what Doris said.
	At this time, Bright came back with some snacks and water. When he put down the snacks and water on the desk, he found that there was a little boy.
	Wyatt felt that Bright was looking at him seriously. He was a bit scared and dared not to look at Bright.
	"Who is he?" Bright sat down and asked.
	"He is my classmate in Kindergarten. His name is Wyatt Sue. You can call him Wyatt." Doris quickly introduced Wyatt to Bright, and then she said to Wyatt, "He is my uncle. He is very handsome, right?"
	"Wyatt glanced at Bright again and said timidly, "Hello, uncle. Nice to meet you."
	Rose glanced at Bright and said to him, "Don't make him scared."
	"Why are you scared? I am not a monster." Bright laughed lightly and said, "Since you are Doris' classmate, you can play with her."
	"Thank you, uncle." Wyatt felt relaxed at once, and he found that this uncle would also smile though he looked so cool.
	Rose gave a bottle of spring water to Wyatt and said, "Are you thirsty? Drink some water. I have texted your father and told him that you are staying together with us, and he will come here to find you after the phone call."
	"Thank you, Aunt Rose." Wyatt took up the water and drank it.
	Bright turned on the lid of the spring water and then turned to look at Rose when he heard she mention Wyatt's dad.
	Rose also felt that he was looking at her and then asked, "Do you think he would come to Ocean Park by himself? He is just a kid!"
	"You know I don't mean that." Bright drank some water and then put the bottle on the desk, "Do you know his father?"
	"He is Doris' classmate. I met him in the kindergarten, so I know him." Rose didn't take it seriously.
	"I never thought that you would have a new friend here in such a short time." Bright said with dissatisfaction. He thought that he should pay much more attention to her later.
	"When you move to a new place, you will certainly have some new friends." Rose thought that it was normal.
	Bright just nodded without saying anything.
	Wyatt got close to Doris and said in a low voice, "Doris. What's the special relationship between you and this uncle?"
	"He is just my uncle. But I think he looks more like my father, because he loves me and regards me as his daughter." Doris also answered him in a low voice.
	"Well." Wyatt nodded his head with puzzlement, "So you mean that he has got married to your mother?"
	"..." Doris looked at Wyatt for two seconds and then said, "I also hope so. But they are just colleagues and friends. However, I am trying to make them get married, so that he can be my real father."
	"..." Wyatt also looked at Doris for two seconds and then said with hesitation, "Can my father compete with your uncle?"
	"What?" Doris was surprised, "Does your father like my mom?"
	"No. It's because I like Aunt Rose. I also hope that I can have a mom who loves me so much." Wyatt looked so poor, "Doris, since you want a dad and I want a mom, we can make our dream come true if my dad and your mom get together with each other, right?"
	"Yes, you are right. But I really like my handsome uncle." In this term, Doris would support Bright, "He's very good to us."
	"I think my dad is also very good, and he will be very nice to Aunt Rose." Wyatt talked with Doris, "I will also be very nice to you and protect you."
	"I am a tough girl. I don't need anybody to protect me." Doris said seriously, "I know your father is very good. But your father and my mom are not in love with each other."
	"Are you sure your mom and your uncle love each other?" Wyatt was smart.
	"Yes, they will. I believe they will fall in love with each other in the future." Doris said with confidence.
	"But my dad works together with Aunt Rose in the same company, so they have much more time to get on with each other. I think they are more likely to fall in love with each other." Wyatt argued with her for reasons.
	"I can't make a decision for my mom. It depends on my mom." Doris said, "My mom will choose the one she really loves."
	"I will ask my dad to try his best." Wyatt clenched his small fists and made a cheering gesture.
	At this time, Matthew finished talking on the phone and he was looking for his son. When he read the message from Rose, he found them smoothly.
	When he got close to them, he saw Rose, Doris, Wyatt, and Bright who looked so domineering.
	Bright also saw Matthew, who looked mature. Although he was 40 years old, he looked charming with special characters.
	"Nice to meet you, Mr. Bright." Matthew knew that was Bright at first sight.
	Since Bright was so famous and shining like a star in the sky, everyone knew him and appreciated him.
	Unexpectedly, he didn't think that Mr. Bright would come to Ocean Park with Rose and her kid to have fun.
	Obviously, he didn't come here for work.
	"Who are you?" Bright looked up to him and looked him up and down seriously.
Chapter 107 Stupid Teammates
	Everyone knew Bright, but Bright did not necessarily know everyone. Therefore, it was quite normal that he didn't know Matthew, who worked in YM Group City H Branch.
	But it was hard to say whether he deliberately pretended not to know Matthew.
	"Mr. Bright, hello, I am Matthew Sue, general manager of YM Group City H Branch. It's a pleasure to meet you here." Matthew said politely but without flattery, neither humble nor arrogant, just right.
	He didn't become cowardly because the person in front of him was Bright, nor did he become servile because of Bright.
	He was righteous with integrity, not showing even a trace of cowardice or panic faced with Bright, who had a strong aura.
	Bright finished looking Matthew up and down within several seconds, and slightly curled his lip.
	To Bright's surprise, Matthew was not only the father of Doris's friend, but also Rose's colleague in the same company, with superior-subordinate relationship.
	But Rose didn't mention this just now.
	"Hello, Mr. Matthew." Bright crossed his long legs, looking so lazy, "What's the matter?"
	"Wyatt is my son." Matthew answered an emergency call just now, so he didn't notice his son, who had run away alone.
	"It's OK as long as there is nothing wrong with the child." Rose said to him fervidly, "Don't just stand there. Sit down and have some water."
	Matthew didn't sit down. Just now Bright didn't say any courteous words, which meant that Bight didn't want being disturbed, and that was to say, Bright didn't want Wyatt and him to disturb them here.
	Matthew could guess what others were thinking through subtle observation and verbal expression, with his 20 years' experience in the workplace.
	"No, thanks. I need to take Wyatt to another place. See you." Matthew refused politely, "Mr. Bright, have a good time."
	"Since Mr. Matthew has something else to deal with, then good-bye." Bright pretended to be polite.
	"Then just take this bottle of water with you, Mr. Matthew." Rose stood up and handed a bottle of water to Matthew.
	"I appreciate your kind intention, but I have in my car. Just leave for yourself." Matthew didn't stretch out his hand to take it over, but took Wyatt by the hand, "Wyatt, say good-bye to Mr. Bright, Miss Linder and Doris."
	"Daddy, where are we going? Didn't you allow me to have as much fun here as I want? I want to have fun with Doris… Can we stay?" Wyatt held his father's hand, looked up and begged pitifully.
	Wyatt told the truth, which made Matthew a little embarrassed, but he was quite imperturbable, "Wyatt, don't you want to find mommy? Let's go to find her."
	"Do you allow to mention mommy?" Wyatt was very grieved.
	Previously when it came to mommy, daddy would always keep a dark face, but today daddy took initiative to mention her, surprising Wyatt.
	"Daddy has figured it out. If you want to see her, let's go to find her." Matthew was forced by the situation.
	"Really? Can we go to find her under any circumstances in the future?" Wyatt's eyes lit up.
	"It depends." Matthew couldn't guarantee, "But I won't keep you from meeting her all the time."
	Wyatt pressed his lips together and looked at Doris, "But I don't want to say good-bye to Doris and Aunt Rose."
	"You can meet Doris at school, five days a week." Matthew tried his best to comfort Wyatt in order to take him away, but Wyatt didn't want to leave.
	"Today it's different." Wyatt felt that Aunt Rose was tender and beautiful, looking more like mommy than that woman who was like his mommy.
	He thought mommy should be like Aunt Rose, who accompanied the child, patient and kindhearted, smiling warmly like sunshine.
	He envied Doris, who had such a mother, and he also wanted the same one. Therefore, only if Aunt Rose was married with daddy, could she be his mother.
	"Mr. Matthew, since Wyatt wants to stay, just let him have fun with Doris." Seeing Wyatt so unwilling to leave, Rose took initiative to ask for Wyatt's stay, "Now it's very late. You can choose a whole day to take him to find his mother so that he can stay longer with his mother, which is beneficial to promote their affection. What do you think?"
	"Why do you poke your nose into Mr. Matthew's family affairs?" Bright was not happy because Rose tried to make Matthew stay so fervidly.
	Bright knew that Matthew had already know what he was thinking, so Matthew tried to persuade the child into leaving, but Rose always ruined things at the crucial time.
	Why was his wife so troublesome?
	Bright helplessly stretched out his hand and rubbed his forehead with his long fingers.
	"Mr. Matthew, just let Wyatt stay." Doris said.
	Bright's lips convulsed helplessly. Even Doris, who was a smart girl, did something against his desire.
	What should Bright do with such two stupid teammates?
	"Daddy, shall we stay?" Wyatt begged his father again.
	Matthew didn't know what to do, and his gaze passed by Bright.
	"We will disturb Aunt Rose and Mr. Bright." Matthew sighed in his mind. He was really not deliberate. He could not take the child away and felt in a dilemma with Rose and Doris' request for his stay.
	"Not really. Since Doris wants to have fun with your son, just stay." Bright could only say this and had no choice but to make them stay today.
	"Thank you, Mr. Bright." Matthew sighed with relief. He felt really stressed being stuck in the middle.
	"Mr. Matthew, sit down. You should be tired standing and talking for so long." Rose put a bottle of water in front of Matthew, "Drink some water first."
	"Mr. Matthew, eat some fruits. They were bought by handsome uncle." Doris handed bananas to Matthew and Wyatt, "Wyatt, help yourself, too."
	Wyatt took it over and began to eat happily. He was so innocent, smiling joyfully, not knowing the war of love among the adults.
	"Thank you, Mr. Bright." Matthew glanced at the bananas in front of him and handed them to Wyatt, "Wyatt likes eating bananas. Just let him eat and I will have some water."
	Could he eat the food bought by Bright?
	It was already very lucky for him to stay.
	But he wondered how Bright minded if he stayed here, so that Bright wanted him to leave.
	"Miss Linder and Mr. Bright have known each other long since, no? Why hasn't Miss Linder mentioned this? Matthew asked after drinking some water.
	"We got to know each other just because of work. Should I show off at anywhere?" Rose gave a sidelong glance to Bright, who didn't speak and looked cold and serious, "I am afraid of being blacklisted by Mr. Bright."
Chapter 108 You Are Nothing
	Bright only took the bottle up and drank water, but did not reply, even averting his gaze to somewhere else.
	He screwed the bottle cap slowly, and then put it on the table, "You are quite conscious and keep a low profile."
	"I have self-knowledge." Rose lightly raised her eyebrow, "Without any fantasy."
	She needed to keep a clear head, and otherwise, she would be confused about herself and the future direction.
	Rose stretched out her hand to touch Doris' back of head, and smiled faintly.
	Afterwards, they had a rest and went to see other animals, such as fat polar bear and smart sea lion. They also watched acrobatic performance of sea lions.
	The sun was bending in the west and it was very late now, so they walked out of the park.
	Matthew took Wyatt's hand and said good-bye to Rose and Bright, "Mr. Bright and Miss Linder, good-bye."
	"Mr. Matthew, good-bye." Rose waved her hand to him.
	But Wyatt was still unwilling to leave and held Doris' little hand, "Doris, see you in the kindergarten."
	"OK." Doris frowned with a little disgust, "Don't show such a grieved appearance. We will meet again in the kindergarten."
	"Fine." Wyatt raised his lips and began to smile, looking somewhat silly.
	"Let's go." Matthew opened the car door and let Wyatt get into the car first.
	He nodded at Bright and Rose, got into the car and drove away.
	Rose and Doris looked at the receding car all the time. Bright cleared his throat in order to bring back their attention, "They have gone but you are still looking. Are you so reluctant to separate from them?"
	"Handsome uncle, I will cry sadly if you leave." Doris walked forward and hugged his leg with smile, "I will hold your leg, not to let you go. Are you satisfied?"
	"Only you can make me happy." Bright bent down and stretched out his finger to rub her nose.
	Bright lifted Doris and said to Rose, "Get into the car. Where do you want to go for dinner?"
	"Can we fuel up on cola, French fries and hamburgers?" Doris put her arms around Bright's neck, with two big eyes full of expectancy.
	"No." Rose refused directly.
	"…" The hope in Doris' eyes went out.
	Bright felt Doris so pitiful, just like a dog abandoned by its owner.
	He stretched out his hand to touch her head, and bent down in order to make his lips close to her ear, "Listen to me, and I promise you will get what you want."
	"What are you talking about?" Rose was unsatisfied with Bright's smile, "Don't mislead the child."
	She didn't allow Doris to eat the junk food. If Bright dared to make trouble, she would give him hell.
	"Nothing." Bright put Doris into the car, "I asked you to get in. What are you doing?"
	Rose got into the car and Doris was still seated between her and Bright, which made Rose increasingly find that they were a family.
	The driver drove away and the car ran on the crowded road.
	"Where are we going?" Rose looked at the streetscape flashing by the window. This was the direction to the downtown, "Doesn't Mr. Bright go back to the hotel or City J?"
	"Rose, can't you have some conscience? I came to help you solve the problem, but you want to send me off after using me? Rose, don't you feel guilty?" Bright accused Rose of kicking down the ladder.
	"I didn't mean that. Mr. Bright is in charge of HY Group and must be very busy. I can't waste your time." Rose said seriously, "Besides, it is also beneficial for you to deal with this thing."
	Bright frowned, "But I still helped you. You owe me a favor, don't you?"
	"…" Rose didn't know how many favors she owed him. Anyway, it was OK with one more.
	"What do you want?" Since he wanted her to return the favor, he definitely had his own intention.
	"Just follow me." Bright leaned backwards and lightly adjusted his collar.
	Rose curled her lip unhappily. Why was he so mysterious?
	The car stopped at a fast food flagship store in the downtown. Rose frowned as soon as she got out of the car, "I have told you not to mislead the child. Why do you take us here?"
	"I want to eat." Bright held Doris between his arms.
	"Mr. Bright, don't fool me. Do you think I will believe you?" Rose looked coldly at Doris, who stayed between Bright's arms, "Doris, come down to mommy."
	"Well…" Doris didn't dare to retort and agreed obediently. Then she loosened her arms around Bright's neck, "Handsome uncle, put me down."
	But Bright hugged Doris more tightly and said to Rose, "Why did you talk so fiercely to the child?"
	"Did I? She doesn't listen to me, and as a mother, shouldn't I teach her a lesson?" Rose asked rhetorically.
	"Just calm down." Bright didn't know how gentle he was at this time, looking like a loving father who protected his precious daughter, feeling pitiful for her.
	"I have already said no, but you still take her here to eat junk food. We all know it is not good for children. Why do you insist? Bright, you will only spoil the child in this way." Rose was quite angry about his indifference, "We have agreed on not eating junk food like hamburgers. Now who is violating the agreement?"
	"Mommy, it's my fault. I will not eat. Please don't be angry." Seeing mommy so emotional, Doris knew she shouldn't be willful.
	"Look, she almost cries." Bright felt painful for Doris, whose eyes turned red with grievance.
	"That's because she has violated the agreement. She has no reason to cry." Rose didn't think Doris deserved the compassion, "Will you appraise her even if she makes a mistake, Mr. Bright?"
	Bright thought Rose was too unreasonable, and he asked, "Doris, how long has it been since you ate these foods last time?"
	"I can't remember. It was very long ago." Doris remembered she ate those foods secretly with Jane last time, but was found out by Rose, who arrived earlier than she had expected.
	Rose was very angry, so she threw away the cola and hamburgers and fiercely criticized Doris and Jane.
	Of course Doris received a beating, because she did something wrong and tried to keep it secret from mommy.
	"Listen, she said she couldn't remember because she hasn't eaten these foods for a long time. It's okay to eat them every few months. Why do you press the child so hard? She doesn't have much to take pleasure. If you continue like this, she will only feel unhappy. As a parent, don't you want your child to be happy?" Bright said clearly and logically.
	Doris plucked Bright by his clothes, "Handsome uncle. Don't say that anymore. I will not eat. Let's leave here."
	"Don't be afraid, I am here and believe me." Bright held her little hand, full of confidence.
	Rose curled her lip coldly, "It's no use, Mr. Bright."
	"You owe me a favor." Bright reminded her.
	"So what? I am Doris' mother, but you are nothing! Mind your own business, please." Rose pressed her lips together, looking very determined.
Chapter 109 Intimate Lovers in Law
	‘You are nothing!'
	These words really hurt Bright. He was not Doris' father indeed, but just an outsider. Only Rose had the guardianship to Doris as her mother.
	An unprecedented darkness spread out on Bright's cold face. He held Doris and looked directly at Rose with slightly narrowed and sharp eyes.
	Rose's stubbornness was like a flower blooming on the top of a mountain, flickering in the wind and snow, not afraid of being snapped.
	"Rose, say it again." Bright exhaled lightly.
	"Mr. Bright, put Doris down." Rose didn't reply to him directly, "Doris, come down."
	"Handsome uncle, put me down." Doris was struggling.
	Bright was afraid that she would fell down, so he put her down. Doris walked to Rose once she got freed.
	Doris took Rose by the hand and bit her lip, "Mommy, I know I have done wrong. Don't quarrel with handsome uncle."
	"We are not quarreling." The two answered simultaneously.
	Bright and Rose looked at each other and then looked away. Glancing at them, Doris pressed her lips together, lowered down her head and couldn't help smiling, but she didn't dare to behave evidently.
	"Mr. Bright, I have no discrepancy if you want to eat these foods. You can eat as much as you want and I will buy for you. But the agreement between the child and me cannot be invalidated arbitrarily. If I allow her to eat junk food, this will be irresponsibility to her health and as a mother, and I will be a bad mother." Rose restrained himself and slowed down her voice, "What do you want to eat? I will go to order for you."
	"Well, give me one portion for all the foods inside." Bright felt angry, childish like a kid.
	"OK." Rose walked into the store with Doris.
	She stood in front of the ordering counter, "One portion for each kind of foods in the store."
	The attendant thought he had misheard, "Are you sure?"
	How could the two of them eat so much?
	"Yes." Rose confirmed, "Please be quick. Someone cannot wait already."
	"OK. Please wait a moment." The attendant ordered all the foods and told Rose the amount.
	Rose paid by QR code scanning. Looking at the amount, Rose felt a little distressed.
	Ordinarily Rose was not a person who wasted money, and she was always economical. To her surprise, Bright came up with such a request, which made her lose a lot of money in her wallet.
	But the promise had been made and she couldn't go back on her word.
	After quite a while, the foods were finally prepared, which were put on several trays.
	Rose passed them to Bright one after another, which were put on the rectangular table, "Mr. Bright, help yourself. See you."
	"Stop." Bright shouted coldly, "Hasn't Miss Linder heard ‘It's easier to raise the devil than to lay him'? Since you have called me over, then I need you to look at me eating and to leave after I finish."
	Rose bit her lip and clenched her fists, telling herself to calm down and not to be irritated by him.
	"Mr. Bright, could you please stop behaving like a child?" Rose said impolitely.
	"Miss Linder, this is the consequence for you provoking me. You have to take responsibility for that." Looking at so much food on the table, Bright took the French fries and began to eat, ignoring them, after getting a glimpse.
	He raised his lips while eating, smirking.
	His appearance was really annoying.
	Rose chuckled lightly.
	Seeing Bright eating, Doris felt she was hungry and she stretched out her little hand to touch her tummy.
	Bright glanced at Doris and looked up at Rose, "If Miss Linder is hungry, I don't mind you siting down to have some with me."
	"I am not hungry." Rose said clearly, but the result was that her stomach rumbled loudly.
	Rose suddenly felt embarrassed and her face turned red. She bit her lips and really wanted to disappear.
	Bright laughed at the same time, feeling very complacent.
	"Mommy, your stomach is saying it is hungry." Doris added.
	"I heard that too." Bright took up a spicy chicken wing and put it close to his nose to smell it, making an attractive gesture, "So delicious. Does Miss Linder want one?"
	Rose ate nothing this noon while staying at the Linder family, and then went to pick Doris up. She was really hungry at this moment.
	"These were bought for Mr. Bright. Please help yourself." Rose refused to resign herself.
	"Then I will begin to eat." Bright took a bite with satisfaction, "You are adult and it's OK for you to keep hungry for a while. But how can you let a child to suffer with you? She is just 5 years old, and it is high time for her to grow up. Please don't be so stubborn."
	"If Mr. Bright really feels pitiful for the child, you should allow me to take the child away, instead of asking me to accompany you here to look at you eating." Rose retorted.
	"There is so much food here. Can't you eat some? Will you die after eating this?" Bright said seriously, "You will not die, will you? Besides, the agreement is made by people. Can't you be a little flexible?"
	"Mr. Bright doesn't want to let us go, then please eat quickly." Rose said coldly, without any desire to compromise.
	Bright put down the chicken wing, and really wanted to know what she was thinking in her mind.
	She continued to force herself against him at this time.
	Bright took up the tissue to wipe the oil stain on his hand, then took out something from his suit pocket and put it on the table.
	A marriage certificate with red background and gold letters entered Rose's eyes, which surprising her.
	She averted her gaze from the red marriage certificate to Bright's face, and a trace of surprise flashed by in her eyes. What did he mean? Did he carry the marriage certificate just like ID card?
	"Miss Linder, since you are so disobedient, I can only do this." Bright's fair fingertip fell down on the marriage certificate, and his finger appeared to be elegant and perfect against the certificate, "Rose, I am not only the person in charge of the cooperation project between you and the company, but also the one who has intimate relationship with you. As your other half in law, I think I am qualified for the child's education."
	Looking at Bright's handsome face, which turned more and more serious, Rose swallowed.
	Was he serious?
	Legally speaking, he was her husband and thus the child's father. Even though he was stepfather, he was qualified for the child's education.
	"What do you want to do?" Rose stood in front of Doris to protect her, "I gave birth to her."
	She meant that Bright was not her biological father, so she denied his qualification.
	"The law doesn't care about blood relationship, and gives me duty and right." Bright smiled. What he said really made sense.
	Rose frowned, looking like a mother wolf which protected her wolf cub, with much alertness.
	"Are you angry?" Bright's fingertip lightly hit the marriage certificate, "I am just bringing out the facts and reasons."
	"Rose, Mr. Bright, what a coincidence." At this time a cold and elegant figure walked forward, but was attracted by the red marriage certificate on the table, "Whose marriage certificate?"
Chapter 110: Charter 110 Men Are Fascinated with Tender Women
	Coming across Nora Copper, Bright said gently, "Ms. Cooper, it's been so long."
	"It is unexpected to see you eat fast food at leisure time at City H. If this circulates, it is supposed to create a buzz." marveled Nora. Being in a floral dress to the knee, leggy Nora was gorgeous with her outstandingly fair complexion.
	"Rose, don't you agree?" asked Nora.
	Rose felt surprised about Nora's appearance. Having mixed feelings about the marriage certificate, Rose didn't really take notice to what Nora said at all.
	"Rose, what happened? You look pale." Nora asked in a worried voice and nudged her lightly after founding she was not totally herself.
	Rose did a double take and said, "What's the matter?"
	"That's what I want to ask you. Your complexion is as pale as a ghost. Do you see something horrible?" whispered Nora. Looking around, Nora never detected something uncommon and terrible.
	"It is dreadful than ghost." Rose muttered and her resentful sight flicked Bright. In her mind, Bright was terrible than ghost.
	"What's that? Tell me." Nora's curiosity was aroused by the mysterious thing.
	"Mr. Lee knows better than I do. You can ask him about that." Rose shifted the knotty problem to Bright and let him solve it by himself.
	"Mr. Lee, can you explain it for me?" Nora beamed. And then she pulled up the wooden arm-chair and sat on it.
	"Well, it's a long story." With a soft sigh, Bright intended to seize an opportunity to take marriage certificate away.
	Nora never distracted her attention from the dazzling stuff. Noticing Bright's little trick, Nora's radiant smile appeared on her face, which seemed to bring thousands upon thousands of peach trees into bloom and generated a magnificent spring spectacle before their eyes.
	With natures of self-confidence and enchanting beauty, Nora was more than impressive for people who had seen her before. Therefore, a sea of deep-pocketed young men had become addicted to her.
	However, Nora chose to marry the third son of the Ways five years ago. They got along well during this period, though her husband was just an average Joe.
	It was an only great pity that they didn't have children yet, even though Nora kept her intriguing appearance.
	"Mr. Lee, it is your marriage certificate?" Nora's gaze fell upon that red book.
	"Yes, it's mine." Bright hold it with his fingers. "Do you want to have a look?" asked Bright.
	"Exactly. Mr. Lee is such a bright spark." Nora remained her curiosity, though she was an elegant lady from a rich family and became inured to the unusual. She was still curious about the identity of Mrs. Lee. It was said that Mrs. Lee was a girl in a wealthy family. Moreover, Nora knew all the girls in wealthy families and she would know her, provided she saw the name on that certificate.
	"Nora, there exists nothing interesting." Rose got butterflies in her stomach when Nora had great curiousness in the marriage license. "You have your own certificate, and do whatever is fine for you in home."
	If Nora found that the identity of the person inside was Rose herself, Nora would complain Rose about not telling this to Nora who was Rose's bosom friend.
	With a guilty conscience, Rose couldn't image how Nora faced the truth.
	"I'm tired of seeing things, what's so interesting." Nora looked at Rose who had been standing, "Why are you standing, sit down and let's talk."
	Rose didn't move, Nora got up and pulled Rose to the side of the chair, pushing her into the chair.
	"Doris sits here." Nora also carried Doris into the chair, "You can stand up if you want to stand, why let the child stand with you? Why are you tossing yourself?"
	Rose sat reluctantly. She just wanted to leave here quickly, even taking Nora with her.
	"Nora, Doris and I haven't eaten yet. Let's go to dinner with us." Rose found an excuse.
	"Isn't there something to eat here? For such a big meal, you can eat whatever you want." Nora took a hamburger and placed it in front of Rose, very generous, "Mr. Lee, I hope you don't mind."
	"Of course. I can't finish so much. It is an honor for me to have two beautiful women, Ms. Cooper and Ms. Linder, accompanying me." Bright now wished Rose could eat a bite because Doris was drooling over the dishes.
	"Doris and I won't eat this." Rose refused.
	Nora looked at Rose's expression, only to feel something was wrong.
	"What are you doing? This is Mr. Lee's kindness. "Nora picked up a French fries and put it in her mouth, "Look, I have eaten it."
	"It's doesn't matter for adults, but it's not nutritious for children." Rose pushed the burger away, she felt even hungrier when she smelled the scent.
	"It's better than to be hungry." Nora gave a piece of egg tart to Doris, "This is made of eggs. It's okay."
	Rose kept silent for a while. Looking at Doris's wrinkled face, she felt a little distressed.
	"It's better to eat rice."
	Nora picked up the phone and dialed out, "This is Nora, and I will deliver a nutrition meal for children to the fast food restaurant immediately. Five minutes... eight minutes at most, no more. That's it."
	Nora put the phone on the table casually, and looked sideways at Rose who was worried, "You can rest assured."
	"How can the restaurant deliver food so fast? It is your restaurant? "Rose teased her friend.
	Nora snapped her fingers and smiled, "You are right."
	"Have you opened a shop for business?" Rose was surprised, "When did it happen?"
	"Just for the past two years, there is nothing to do anyway, just find something to do." Nora took another piece of popcorn chicken and stuffed it into Rose's mouth. "What's the use of you holding out? It will only torture yourself. Why not be softer? Do you know? Only women who are tender and flirtatious in this society can be loved. No one likes tigress."
	Nora sighted a couple sitting on the corner. They had meal sweetly and their eyes sprinkled of twinkling stars, which generate a sensation of envy.
	Nora gave a slap on the wooden table, "Dare to do PDA before my eyes? You guys are making light of me."
	"What's wrong with you?" Rose felt that there remained anger in Nora's eyes.
	"I catch you." Nora moved away the chair.
	Although driven to rage, Nora remained graceful while stepping toward that couple.
	"Brother, is she your girlfriend?" Nora leaned forward, propping her hands up on the table, raising her delicate eyebrows.
Chapter 111 Are You Her Elder Brother
	Nora said with a sweet smile. And the girl smiled shyly because Nora asked the man about that.
	Although she didn't directly admit her identity, it was obvious that she was his girlfriend because of her smile.
	Nora didn't want to ask him anymore, but the man was a bit embarrassed and nervous.
	He glanced at Nora and said, "Why are you here?"
	"Why can't I be here? You can have a date with such a beautiful girl, so I think I can also date handsome guys. " Nora turned back and glanced at Bright and Rose when she said.
	The man and the girl also looked at Bright and Rose with curiosity. They thought that he was such a charming man, who was favored by God, so he was generally the focus of the crowd.
	His features looked so handsome and charming. Even if he sat there quietly, he would attract the attention of others, and other people couldn't help looking at him with surprise and appreciation.
	"I don't mean that." The man explained.
	"Nora, is he your boyfriend?" The girl said with admiration, "He looks so handsome."
	"You have an eye for quality." Nora didn't answer her directly, "Why do you like my brother?"
	"Because he treats me very well." The girl looked at her boyfriend and smiled, "And he is very generous."
	"Really? Could you share something with me? I also want to test my husband." Nora sat down and wanted to talk about it with her.
	"Your friend is waiting for you." The man wanted to ask her to leave.
	"Then let it be." Nora didn't care about that and kept talking with the girl, "Let's continue."
	"No matter what I wanted, he would buy it for me, and he would also do something romantic for me. I am really happy when I stay with him..." The girls said with interest, but the man really felt embarrassed.
	He looked at the girl and blinked twice to motion her not to speak anymore.
	The girl also felt something wrong and then said to Nora with nervousness, "That's all..."
	"Is that all?" Nora seemed to be very interested in it.
	"We would like to leave now." The man pulled the baseball cap on his head and then he wanted to stand up.
	Nora held his shoulders and said, "If you want to leave, please give me back one million I lent you last time."
	And then she said to the girl who was standing at her right side, "What do you think?"
	The man's face turned pale, and there was sweat on his forehead. He said with puzzlement, "When did I borrow one million from you?"
	She was indeed the daughter of the Cooper family, otherwise, she dared not to ask him to give her one million.
	Although his family was also rich, he wouldn't borrow one million from her for no reason.
	"Do you forget it?" Nora said defiantly, without a smile on her face anymore.
	"No." The man shook his head, and he thought that she wouldn't let him go easily.
	"Then, give me back the money, please." Nora stretched out one of her hands to the man, and her palm was white.
	The man frowned and said, "I don't have much cash now. I will give it back to you later."
	"As we all know, you are so generous, and you don't care about the price when buying things for your girlfriend. So I think it's easy for you to repay me one million. How can you be so mean to me?" Nora said with sarcasm and then turned to the girl, "You shall be careful and don't be cheated by him."
	The girl looked at the man with a question.
	The man took out his wallet and then took out a card from the wallet, "Take it."
	Nora took over the car with satisfaction, "What's the password? It's my birthday date, right?"
	No, it's my birthday date." The man said impatiently.
	"OK." Nora nodded and said, "I got it. Have fun, bye!"
	The man looked at her smile and felt really angry, so he picked up something and threw it beside her feet, and then he stared at her.
	"Nora, are you OK?" Rose saw them when she got close.
	"I'm fine." Nora answered.
	Rose pulled her back and then walked forwards and said to the man, "You are a man. How can you be so petty to a girl?"
	"It's none of your business. You don't know anything, please don't blame me at will." The man tried to control his anger.
	"Yes, I don't know anything. But I saw you bully a woman just now, and you didn't look like a gentleman at all." Because of what Rose said, some people around were discussing them.
	"Rose, let it be. Let's go." Nora didn't want to talk with him anymore, because she had achieved her goal.
	While she was pulled back by Nora, she took up a cup of coke on the desk and poured it onto the man's face after hesitating for a while, and then she left with Nora directly.
	The man looked like a drowned rat, and he was so angry, but he tried to control his anger.
	"Are you OK?" The girl took some tissues to help him wipe the coke on his face when she saw it.
	The man took over the tissues from her hand and wiped the cola by himself. After making his face clean, he walked towards Nora.
	When Nora and Rose sat down, Nora gave Rose a thumb-up, "Rose, you really did it well."
	"She just did it according to her gut instinct." Bright had noted that the man was walking towards them with anger. He took up a cup of coffee and drank it, and he frowned with dislike to the man.
	"Who is he?" Rose didn't recognize the man.
	"That's not important." Nora tasted the lime tea and it tasted sour.
	"Well." Rose didn't think so.
	If he wasn't important to her, Nora wouldn't pay attention to him as she was so arrogant.
	Who was the man? What was the relationship between Nora and him?
	"Miss Nora, I don't think it is as simple as you say. See? He's coming." Bright knew what had happened.
	The man got close to Nora with anger and then held one of her wrists and said, "Come with me."
	"Let me go." Nora looked at his face and said, "My friend is here."
	"What do you want to do? Let her go!" Rose said to the man.
	"It's none of your business." The man said to Rose viciously. He felt angry because she poured the coke on his face just now, which made him really embarrassed.
	He felt that it was humiliating because it was the first time he was treated in this way by a woman.
	If she wasn't Nora's friend, he would hit her.
	"I think your girlfriend will be angry if you do it." Rose wasn't scared, "And you can't take her away."
	The girl who followed the man also walked towards them. When she saw him hold Nora's wrist, she doubted whether they were real brother and sister or not.
	"Are you really her elder brother?"
Chapter 112 I Will Take Care of Her.
	"Are you brother and sister?" When Rose heard what the girl asked, she also asked Nora with puzzlement.
	She and Nora had been good friends since they were kids. They knew everything about each other, including their family. So she knew whether she had brothers or sisters, unless he was her distant relative, or something happened to Nora in the past five years.
	Nora didn't say anything.
	"I never knew that Nora had an elder brother." Rose said to him seriously.
	"I am not her elder brother, but I am the one who is the most qualified to supervise her." The man denied that he was her elder brother.
	After the girl heard what Rose said, her body trembled and she felt that she had been cheated.
	"Who are you?" Rose asked him.
	"I don't want to tell you." The man refused to answer her question and then he held Nora's wrist again, and said, "Come back home with me."
	"Why do I have to follow your order?" Nora tried not to be controlled by him, "What's more, I don't want to go back home, and I don't want to talk with you anymore."
	"Nora, if you want to make your own ashamed, I can help you." The man said to her with threat.
	"I think you are more afraid of being ashamed than me." Nora knew what he was thinking about, "I didn't do anything wrong, so I won't feel ashamed."
	Nora looked at his hand and motioned him to let her go.
	The man was so angry but he didn't know what to do.
	"Please let me go." Nora asked him again.
	"It's inappropriate in public. I think you will become a topic on the hot search on the Internet soon." Bright said slowly.
	But it worked.
	The man thought about it and looked at Bright, "Who are you? Do you know her?"
	"I am not interested in you." Bright said indifferently, "Don't bother me, please. I want to enjoy my food quietly."
	The man was angrier at once because Bright was so impolite.
	He wanted to take Nora away again, and Bright said once again, "Let her go and get out."
	His voice was so charming though he was angry, but he really shocked the man.
	The man let Nora go at once and then left with anger. The girl looked at them and then followed the man.
	Rose sat down again and said, "Why do you know him?"
	Nora sat down and massaged her left wrist, "I am afraid I can't make him get away from me forever."
	"What do you mean? You have been married, and he has a girlfriend. Why does he keep bothering you? Who is he?" Rose was really angry because she thought that he was a womanizer, "He's really a bad guy."
	"He is Alan Way." Nora took a sip of lime tea while biting through the straw.
	"He is Alan Way?" Rose felt surprised because she thought that was unbelievable.
	"Yes." Nora nodded.
	"Isn't he your husband? Why does he get together with another woman?" Rose felt worried, "How can you allow him to do it?"
	"I don't care about that." Nora shook her hand and said, "I told you we got married just for common benefits. So we never restrain each other because of our marriage."
	"What are you doing? I am really confused." Rose didn't understand her, "He is dating another woman. Why don't you feel sad?"
	"I don't care. Look, I am getting together with Mr. Bright for dinner now. What do you think?" Nora felt relaxed, "I don't take marriage seriously. You also don't need to take it seriously. As a smart woman, we should work hard by ourselves. Don't rely on men."
	Rose frowned and looked at Nora, who was smiling. Rose didn't think she could understand Nora, though they grew up together and they were best friends.
	How did she live all these years? Why did she become so mean? Once, she trusted love. But now she didn't trust love or men anymore.
	Rose saw that Nora was smiling sweetly, but she felt so sorry for her.
	She loved Nora so much, but the real Nora had gone. Now, Nora loved without her soul.
	"Nora... What's wrong with you?" Rose worried about her, at the same time, she felt self-condemned.
	If she hadn't left for five years and even lost contact with Nora, she would know what happened to her.
	She should have stayed together with Nora when she was in trouble.
	"I just grew up." Nora touched her eyebrows with her fingers and said, "Don't worry. I am fine."
	"I can see whether you are fine." Rose thought that she just tried to be strong, so she kept asking her, "Nora, it has been so many years. Please let it be."
	"I don't care about it anymore. Otherwise, I would also go to die. I am really good now."
	Rose didn't know whether she was telling the truth, but she knew that it was not so simple for Nora.
	"I will stay with you in the future." Rose held one of her arms and said to her gently.
	"I will stay with you and Doris." Nora thought that Rose was so sweet, "I have a house, a car and I also have money. So I will let you live a better life."
	Nora held her chin and pretended to be a flirt. However, it made Bright feel uncomfortable.
	He pretended to cough to remind Nora.
	Rose belonged to him. How could she do that? She wasn't allowed to do that!
	Doris looked at him and also felt that they were strange. So she stood up and went to the toilet.
	"Are you sick, Mr. Bright? You should drink some water." Nora took her hand back and took a cup of milk to him.
	"Miss Nora has been married, and Mr. Alan is your husband even though you don't care about your marriage. So you should pay much more attention to your own husband and your family if you have time and energy. If you become a topic on the hot search on the Internet because of what happened today, you will be embarrassed." Bright massaged the cup and said, "And I will take care of Rose. You don't need to worry about her."
	"Why? What's the relationship between Rose and you?" Nora asked him, "Aren't you just her working partner?"
Chapter 113 The Exclusive Right of His Wife
	Nora didn't think that they only worked together without any other special relationship.
	However, Bright had been married. And she didn't think that he would have an extramarital relationship because he never had any scandals, and Rose wouldn't be a mistress either.
	"What are you thinking about?" Rose stared at Bright and then explained to Nora, "I don't have any relationship with him except for work."
	"I don't say you have any special relationship with him. Why are you so anxious to explain to me? You wouldn't behave like this before." Nora put her elbows on the table and held her chin with her hands, "Please tell me the truth."
	"I am certainly telling the truth. Don't get me wrong." Rose took up the juice and drank it, so that Nora couldn't see that she was guilty.
	"Mr. Bright said that he would take care of you..." Nora started to analyze it, "So I think there must be a special relationship between you and him. Am I right, Mr. Bright?"
	"Miss Nora is so pretty and smart." Bright didn't try to hide the fact.
	However, it made Rose feel anxious. Because she wasn't ready to tell Nora the real relationship between Bright and her.
	Moreover, it didn't make sense because their marriage would end in less than one month.
	So there was no need to tell her about it.
	"Look, Mr. Bright is so straight." Nora touched Rose with one of her elbows, "You look like a thief. Are you tired? You should be straight like Mr. Bright."
	Rose was angry. She knew why he could tell Nora the truth, because he wouldn't have any loss in their marriage.
	But it was different for her. She had a child. If she divorced and then everyone knew that she was his ex-wife, no one would dare to marry her. Because no one wanted to offend Bright.
	However, if so, she had to be single for a lifetime.
	On the contrary, after they divorced, there would be more women who attracted to him. Moreover, he was such a rich and handsome guy, so all the women would try their best to get close to him.
	He would also be Bright if he divorced, without any changes.
	Why would there be such a big difference between them?
	As a woman, she would be weak in life. And he could control his own life just because he was a man. It was unfair.
	"So what's the relationship between you?" Nora was curious about it. She looked at Rose and Bright and wanted to get some information.
	She leaned against Rose and whispered, "Aren't you his mistress because he is charming?"
	"That's impossible!" Rose answered disdainfully.
	"I trust you. However, what Mr. Bright said just now really made me confused."
	Nora looked at Rose with her pretty eyes and said to her seriously, "I don't think it is good for him to say that."
	Rose stared at Nora and expressed her dissatisfaction with her, "And there wouldn't be any loss to him, either."
	It would be great if he didn't harm the interests of other people.
	"Nora, how can you support him?" Rose frowned and asked her. Was she her best friend? It seemed that she was worthless according to her words.
	Bright looked up to Nora and said, "Since Miss Nora is so smart, you should know that I won't make her sad."
	Nora felt excited because she seemed to have an answer.
	However, it was so amazing and even unbelievable. So she was excited with doubts.
	She had to confirm it.
	"Mr. Bright, could you show me your marriage certificate?" Nora knew that it would be evidence to prove that they had got married.
	"No way." Rose suddenly said.
	"Why? It's not your marriage certificate." Nora looked at her and found that her face turned pale. She kept talking, "How can you order Mr. Bright? I think it is the exclusive right of his wife."
	Nora deliberately extended the ending sound very long...
	She stretched out one of her hands to Bright and asked him for the marriage certificate.
	"Don't give it to her." Rose said to Bright.
	"Tell me why I shouldn't show her the marriage certificate." Bright held the marriage certificate in his hands and looked at her gently, with a smile on her face.
	Why? How could he ask her why?
	She thought that he just wanted her to tell Nora their relationship and admitted that she was his wife by herself.
	If he thought so, he could show Nora the marriage certificate directly.
	As for Rose, she didn't want to tell anyone about their relationship. Because she didn't want to cause any trouble when they divorced.
	She just wanted a stable life.
	"Rose, I know it's hard for you. But you should get away from him as soon as possible." Nora patted her back gently and signed, "I won't look down upon you or tell others about that."
	"What are you talking about?" Rose asked.
	"I won't tell others that you are the mistress of Mr. Bright." Rose frowned.
	"Nonsense! I won't be his mistress." Rose shook her head, "I told you I wouldn't do it. I am his real..."
	Before she finished talking, she realized that there was something wrong.
	As a result, Nora burst into laughter.
	Bright was calm. He tried not to smile, and he looked so gentle when he was looking at Rose.
	Even Nora felt that her heart rate increased when she saw that.
	"Why do you laugh? Nora, how can you make a trap for me?" Rose felt that she was teased by her.
	"It showed that you really care about me." Nora tried not to laugh anymore and said, "Could you show me the marriage certificate now?"
	When Rose wanted to say something again, Bright gave Nora the marriage certificate.
	And Nora got it quickly before Rose took it back.
	And then she checked the marriage certificate and saw their pictures. They didn't smile in the pictures. Bright looked indifferent while Rose looked nervous in the pictures.
	Although they didn't smile, they all looked pretty in the pictures.
	"So have you been married? But it seemed that you divorced at that time because both of you looked bad in the pictures." Nora said to them directly.
	Rose wanted to get it back, but Nora stopped her with her back and elbow.
	"Rose, you have been married for so many years. Why don't you tell me?" Nora asked when she saw the date of their marriage on the marriage certificate.
Chapter 114 Holding a Wedding for Her Anytime
	Nora laughed lightly, and she didn't know that what she said made Rose nervous, even scared.
	Bright was here, and he didn't know that Doris was his biological daughter at all. He just thought that Doris was Sky's daughter. So Rose felt nervous.
	"You got married three years ago, and Doris is five years old now. So did you give birth to Doris before you got married?" Nora thought about it carefully and asked them.
	And then she looked at Rose and Bright and kept asking, "Did you fall in love with each other and make love five years ago? And then you were pregnant and gave birth to Doris, and got married two years later. Right?"
	"What are you talking about?" Rose stared at her to express her dissatisfaction.
	"However, you didn't break up with Sky before you gave birth to Doris..." Nora thought that it was strange according to their marriage date. So she asked them for explanations, "When did you fall in love with each other?"
	Rose picked up a piece of chicken wing and put it into her mouth and said, "Please enjoy your food and talk less."
	Nora took out the chicken wing from her mouth and expressed her dissatisfaction, "Rose, why didn't you tell me that you have been married to Mr. Bright? What's more, you are my best friend. How can you only buy me this kind of food?"
	"There are so many foods here. What else do you want?" Rose pointed to the food on the table and said to her.
	"Rose, how can you be so mean to me?" Nora looked at her up and down, just like she was an alien, "Do you know your husband is a rich man? He can earn the money he bought me for a meal back in 0.01 seconds. You are so mean to me."
	"I know you have been married to him. But I am your best friend, you can't treat me like this. Rose, don't you love me anymore?"
	Nora put her right hand on her chest and pretended to be a poor girl while looking at Rose.
	"Please stop pretending." Rose ignored her and said, "I spent money on buying these foods, so you have to eat them."
	"Mr. Bright..." Nora gave the marriage certificate to him and said, "You should criticize your wife as she treats me like this."
	"I don't dare to do it." Bright finally had a chance to talk with them.
	"Mr. Bright, why is your wife so mean? Haven't you treated her well?" Nora thought that it was unbelievable as Rose was reluctant to spend a lot of money, "You are so rich, so you shouldn't have been so mean."
	"As her best friend, I won't allow you to treat her badly."
	"Everyone thinks that they would be happy if they could marry Mr. Bright. But I don't think she is happy now."
	"Nora, things are not like that." Rose stopped her from talking and explained to Bright, "Nora is a straight girl. She's not bad."
	"I know." Bright wasn't angry, "I am so glad for you because you have such a bosom friend like her."
	"Mr. Bright, are you complimenting me?" Nora felt proud, "I think you should do something to show your appreciation to me."
	"Well, no matter what you want to eat, just tell me. I will buy it for you." Bright was generous.
	"I don't like common food." Nora said slyly, "I want to enjoy the food at your wedding feast. Mr. Bright, when are you going to hold a wedding with Rose?"
	"You have been married for three years, and you haven't announced it in public. If you haven't been taken photos by the media in the parking lot, you don't intend to announce it, right?"
	Rose was anxious when she heard Nora mentioned about the wedding. She kicked Nora's legs under the table to warn her to stop talking about the wedding.
	She never thought about it.
	Because they would divorce soon, they wouldn't hold a wedding.
	Nora felt that she was kicked by Rose and said, "Why do you kick me? I just asked Mr. Bright about your wedding. Do you think I will bully him? That's impossible."
	"Nora, could you stop talking?" Rose tried to keep herself calm, "If you don't like these foods, you can go back home."
	"Rose, at a wedding, it is the most beautiful and happiest moment of a woman in her life. Don't you know that? And I just want to attend your wedding ceremony. Don't be nervous." Nora kept talking proudly, "I promise I will give you a red packet with much more money to express my best wish to you."
	"I don't want to hold a wedding." Rose said directly.
	"Mr. Bright, don't you want to hold a wedding either?"
	"I asked him not to hold a wedding." Rose answered.
	"Mr. Bright, how could you promise her? The Lee family is so famous. I don't think you also want to marry without a wedding ceremony." When Nora got married to Alan, they held a grand wedding ceremony, because it was related to the common benefits of their family.
	"Yes, I followed her order." Bright seemed to be henpecked.
	Rose felt relaxed when she heard what Bright said, but she also felt a bit upset.
	He might also think about the expiration of their marriage, so there was no need to hold a wedding.
	"Mr. Bright, I don't know whether you are henpecked or mean. So I can't understand you." Nora thought that he should show his courage this time.
	"A man will be rich if he follows the order of his wife." Bright said while looking at Rose gently.
	Rose felt a bit uncomfortable, because she could see that he was so gentle when he was looking at her.
	She was afraid that she didn't know what to do or even couldn't take a breath if he kept looking at her so gently.
	"Mr. Bright is a really good husband." Nora said with appreciation and also sarcasm.
	In her opinion, it was not that Rose didn't want to hold a wedding, but that he was not willing to hold a wedding for her.
	In their marriage, Bright was very powerful, so Rose might be hurt.
	Those women who wanted to marry Bright didn't think that they would be hurt, so they thought that it would be perfect if they could marry him. However, as the saying goes, only the wearer knows where the shoes pain.
	"But if she wants to hold a wedding, I can hold a grand wedding ceremony for her at any time." When they heard what Bright said, both of them felt surprised. And he kept talking, "I am only responsible for her."
Chapter 115 His Support for Her
	Bright said affirmatively.
	Both Nora and Rose felt that he was making a promise to her sincerely.
	Rose took up a piece of French fries and then ate it. But she didn't taste it because she was thinking about his words.
	"Miss Nora, this is the nutritious meal for children you want." A person wearing work clothes from another restaurant came up and put the children's meal on the table.
	"Why do you take it to me after such a long time?" Nora checked the time and found that it had been 10 minutes since she ordered the meal, "Why don't you take it to me on time?"
	"I am so sorry. We are too busy in our restaurant now... I have tried my best to take it to you on time." The worker felt sorry and lowered his head, and his hands clasped together because he was too nervous.
	Nora massaged her temples with her fingers and said, "If you don't have enough labor force, please employ more workers. OK?"
	"Please calm down, Nora. He's only two minutes late." Rose said to Nora, "They have worked very hard."
	Nora didn't say anything.
	Rose looked up to the worker and said, "You can go first. Don't worry."
	"Thank you." The worker was very appreciative and then he left quickly.
	"Why do you blame him? You wouldn't behave like this before." Rose thought that Nora shouldn't have been mad at the worker.
	Nora had enjoyed a very good life since she was a child, but she was never so mean to anybody. She was always principled.
	"I just worry that Doris will be hungry." Nora looked in the direction where the toilet was located and found that Doris was playing in the corner of the children's playground, "I will go there and ask Doris to come back for the meal."
	Nora stood up and left.
	As soon as she left, Rose took a deep breath and then said to Bright, "Mr. Bright, I won't ask you to hold a wedding for me."
	"Nobody can know what will happen in the future. Neither you nor me can change our situation." Bright certainly knew what she was thinking about, so he said, "But we can look forward to our wedding. You will feel better if you live with expectations."
	"However, when it doesn't meet your expectations, you will feel sad." Her long eyelashes covered her clear eyes; she said calmly, but it sounded a bit sad.
	Once, she expected that she could be together with Sky forever and became his bride one day.
	Finally, it didn't meet her expectations.
	From then on, she didn't look forward to the future anymore. She just wanted to cherish every single day.
	"You really got hurt because of him, so you can't let it go until now." Bright looked cool when he mentioned Sky.
	"It's none of your business." She tried not to show her emotions.
	"You are my wife, so it certainly has something to do with me." Bright laughed lightly, "Does he know that Doris is his daughter?"
	"She is my daughter." Rose looked up to somewhere and said.
	"You are my wife, so I am her step-father. She's also my daughter." Legally, he was her husband. So he thought that he was Doris' father.
	Rose looked at his handsome face when she heard what he said.
	"I will try my best to love her and regard her as my own daughter." Bright also looked at her and said to her.
	When Rose wanted to say something again, Nora came back with Doris.
	"Are you hungry? Enjoy your food, please." Nora took the meal for children to Doris with tenderness.
	She didn't have a kid, so she thought that Doris was also her kid because Rose was her bosom friend.
	After Doris finished eating, Rose said goodbye to Nora and then Bright drove Rose and Doris home.
	When they arrived, Rose got out of the car and said to Bright, "Thank you."
	"You don't need to say thanks to me." Bright looked at her in the car, "Whenever you need help, please let me know immediately. I will try my best to help you."
	"Well, it's cold outside. Go back home with Doris."
	Rose hesitated for a while and then asked, "Are you going to go back to City J now?"
	"Yes."
	"Bye bye, handsome uncle." Doris shook her hands and said to Bright.
	"See you." Bright closed the window of the car and said to the driver, "Let's go to the airport."
	Rose watched them drive away in the black car and then went back home with Doris.
	There were only several wall lamps in the living room, which made her feel comfortable and warm.
	Rose went upstairs with Doris and then they took a bath and went to bed.
	After Doris fell asleep, Rose took up her phone and texted Nora, [Nora, actually, almost no one knows that I have got married to Bright. Could you please keep the secret for me?]
	Nora was playing on the phone with a facial mask on her face, so she read the message quickly and then texted Rose back.
	[You don't do anything wrong. Why do you think it is a secret? Does Bright ask you to do it? You should tell me the truth.]
	[He doesn't ask me to do that. I don't want anybody to know about it, because I want to live a peaceful life. I don't want to be overly concerned by others because I am his wife.]
	[Do you really think so?]
	[Certainly. Otherwise, what can I do?]
	[Rose, since you have got married to Bright, you shouldn't think too much. Although I don't know why you would be together with him, I can see that he really cares about you. I think you should cherish him.]
	Did he care about her? Did she need to cherish him?
	[It's late. Good night.]
	Rose replied to her like that and then turned off the lamp and went to sleep.
	The next day, after Rose walked Doris to school and then went to work, Sophie came back to the Linder family.
	"Mom, what's wrong? Why did you call me to come back home?" Sophie dressed up very beautifully, with long hair and pretty earrings.
	Joy got close to her and whispered, "Let's talk about it upstairs."
	And then they went upstairs and went into the bedroom and then closed the door.
	"Mom, what happened? Why are you so nervous?" Sophie sat down on the sofa elegantly, "Could it be that Rose agreed to marry Timothy?"
	Joy felt upset when she heard what Sophie said, "I don't think Timothy dare to marry her anymore."
	"Why?" Sophie was surprised.
	"And you shouldn't have any conflicts with Rose in the future, at least you shouldn't offend her during this period." Joy told her.
	"Why? Mom, we all agreed to let her get out of our Linder family, so we should continue to implement our plan." Sophie became anxious, "What happened on earth?"
	"Someone gives her support, so she dares to come back to our Linder family this time." Joy felt bad when she thought that Bright supported Rose, "And our Linder family or the Tanner family cannot offend the one who supports her."
	"Who gives her support?" Sophie asked.
	Joy shook her head with hesitation.
	Bright had told them clearly that they couldn't tell anybody the relationship between Rose and him.
	"Mom, please tell me." Sophie was much more anxious because Joy didn't tell her about it, and she wanted to know more about it, "I am your daughter, and we have the same goal."
	"I can tell you, but you must keep the secret, otherwise, you should be responsible for it. And you should know that if you tell anyone about it, our Linder family and Tanner family will be over." Joy told her seriously.
	Sophie frowned and she was curious about who would support Rose. Was he really more powerful than the Linder family and Tanner family? Why could he make her mother so scared?
	"Mom, I promise I will keep the secret." Sophie swore.
	"Well, I trust you." Joy held her right hand and said, "He is Mr. Bright, Bright Lee from City J."
	"What?" Sophie really felt shocked after hearing about that.
	She sat on the sofa and felt that it was unbelievable.
	"Mom, I heard that Bright announced that he had been married not long ago. So, Rose is his wife?" Sophie held Joy's hands more tightly, "Why? Why can she become his wife?"
	Joy patted her hands to comfort her, "She isn't his wife, but she is his lover."
	"You mean she is his mistress?" Sophie wasn't so angry and she sneered, "Mom, we don't need to be scared."
	"But Mr. Bright loves her so much now. Otherwise, yesterday he wouldn't fly over from City J to help her." Joy thought that they shouldn't offend her now, otherwise, Bright would be mad at them.
	"Mom, she isn't his wife, and she is just his mistress. I never thought that she would be a mistress one day. She is so cheap, and I don't think Mr. Bright will like her forever. When Mr. Bright doesn't like her anymore, we can make her go to die." Sophie thought that they shouldn't allow her to live a good life.
	"However, we don't know when Mr. Bright will not like her anymore. So we shouldn't offend her now. You should know that Mr. Bright can make our family over with his strength." Joy reminded Sophie once again.
	"Mom, I don't think Mr. Bright knew about her child. Otherwise, he wouldn't like her." Sophie said.
	"Mr. Bright knows that she has a child, and he likes Doris very much." Joy didn't understand why he loved Rose so much.
	Sophie felt hopeless. If she knew that Bright was attracted to women so easily, she would be more likely to be with him than Rose.
	"What's more, it's a good chance for us to get close to Mr. Bright. I think we should get this chance to help your dad. Because with the support from Mr. Bright, it's easier for our Linder family to cooperate with him and other companies." Joy emphasized the key point.
	"Therefore, your dad asked me not to offend her now. On the contrary, we should make good use of her surplus value until she is abandoned by Mr. Bright. Then you can do whatever you want to do. But now you can't destroy your Dad's plan. Do you understand? This is also about the development of our Linder family in the future."
	"Mom, do you intend to abandon me?" Sophie felt a sense of crisis. Five years ago, Rose was abandoned by them when she had an accident. So she didn't want to be abandoned by them like that, "I am at least the Daughter-in-law of the Tanner family, but Rose is just a mistress of Mr. Bright."
	"We don't intend to abandon you. How can she be compared with you? We just have to endure the humiliation in order to get more benefits from her. I don't think she can live a good life for a long time, because Mr. Bright will not be interested in her for so long. Don't worry, Sophie. You have to control yourself, so that our plan can be implemented smoothly." Joy held her hands tightly, "Only when our Linder family has unlimited honor, can you be a queen in the Tanner family. And no one dares to bully you anymore. Now, I have told you everything. If you break your dad's plan, I can't protect you."
	Chandler usually asked Joy for advice in their daily life, but he was in charge of their company.
	They could be regarded as a typical couple in China. Joy took the responsibilities to their family, and Chandler took the responsibilities to work.
	Sophie gritted her teeth, now she could only bear it. Because no one thought that Rose would seduce Bright, which was unexpected.
	"Mom, I know what I should do. Don't worry."
	"That's good. I will always support you." Joy was relieved because Sophie promised her. And she said again, "You should prepare for pregnancy during this period, because the most important thing for you now is to give birth to a child for Sky. Do you understand?"
	"Yes. Sky also promised me to go to the hospital for a physical examination, and we will listen to the advice of doctors." Sophie certainly wanted to give birth to a child for Sky. And she felt better when she thought about it.
	"OK." Joy nodded and said, "When you give birth to a child, I think Bright will not like Rose anymore at that time. And then you will become the number one hero in the Tanner family." They talked with each other for a while, and then Sophie was going to leave.
	"Mom, I will go to the hospital with Sky for a physical examination this afternoon, so I will go to the company to have lunch with him at noon. I have to go now."
	"OK."
	After leaving the Linder family, Sophie felt angry all the time. Because she didn't expect that Rose would come back to the Linder family with a despicable method, which really made her mad.
	She couldn't allow Rose to hurt herself with the support from Bright, otherwise, she would be abandoned by their parents sooner or later, just like what they did to Rose once.
	Therefore, she must try to cause her to lose both fortune and honor.
	She was thinking about how to do it. However, she felt anxious and she didn't know what to do at all.
	At this time, her cell phone rang again. She took out her mobile phone and saw that it was an unfamiliar telephone number, so she hung up.
	However, the phone kept ringing though she hung up one more time.
	Finally, there was a message texted from this telephone number, [Sophie, I am Timothy. It doesn't matter if you don't want to answer my call. I would like to call your husband and talk with him about your skills of making love with me.]
	When she saw the name of Timothy, she thought about what happened between her and Timothy, which was a nightmare for her.
	So she quickly called him, but it showed from the voice prompt that he was talking on the phone. She was very anxious and then she kept calling him. He didn't answer her call until she called him ten times.
	"Timothy, what do you want to do?" Sophie asked him coldly.
	"I think you should know what I am going to do." Timothy laughed loudly on the phone, "You are so..." And then he laughed more loudly before he finished talking.
Chapter 116 I Want a Woman
	Timothy laughed flirtatiously and his husky voice came through the receiver of the phone, stimulating nervous Sophie. The day she was raped by him rose before her eyes again. The unbearable and ugly images flashed in her mind, making her, who was filled with fury, even more painful and she almost collapsed.
	"Shut up!" Sophie snapped coldly and her forehead was in pain.
	"Sophie, how dare you order me?" Timothy sneered, scaring Sophie, "Now, you have to do as I say!"
	"You..." Sophie, however, could not argue with him and paused for a moment to calm herself down, "I don't have time to see you show off your joking talent!"
	"Sophie, if you hang up, I'll tell Sky about our affairs!" Timothy threatened her.
	"Do you think he'll believe what you say? Everyone in our circle in this city knows what kind of person you are. You're just a scum. I'm his wife. I've been with him through the most difficult times. We've been married for five years and love each other deeply. He'll only believe what I say. Don't be naive." Sophie snorted and laughed at his stupidity.
	"Well... You think so?" Timothy spoke in confusion, "What if I have proof? Like our racy images..."
	She held the phone so tight that her knuckles whitened, "Don't threaten me!"
	"But I just threatened you. So what?" Timothy smiled triumphantly, "Or what can you do to me?"
	"I won't believe you!" Sophie carefully recalled what happened that day. She did not see Timothy taking pictures or recording videos.
	The proof he mentioned must be a sheer fabrication. He must be trying to deceive her, and see her scared and panic. Besides, he also wanted to achieve a hidden agenda by threatening her.
	"Then please accept my surprise." Timothy was confident.
	Sophie heard the message tone on her phone. Then, she took it off her ear and froze for a few seconds before tapping on it to check the message.
	In the message were two pictures. One was a nude picture of her and the other was a racy one of her and Timothy. The two pictures hurt her eyes and stung her heart.
	She was shocked. Her fingers shook and the phone fell at her feet.
	The driver who was driving saw that Sophie didn't seem quite herself, "Madam, are you okay?"
	"I'm fine." She bent down to pick up the phone and put it back to her ear, "Delete it now!"
	"You want me to do as you said? Then let me see what you can do for me. I won't work for free." Timothy was shameless, making Sophie grit her teeth in anger.
	"How much do you want? I'll give you." Sophie was generous and spoke. Things which could be solved with money were not a big deal.
	"Money?" Timothy laughed when he heard Sophie wanted to use money to send him off, "I'll tell you, I, Timothy, do not need money. Although I am not extremely rich, it is enough for me to eat, drink and make merry. What I want is not money, but a woman!"
	"A woman?" Sophie pretended not to understand, "You mean Rose? I think you know the situation better than I do. She is someone we can't afford to offend. But I will find a way and make sure you can get what you want."
	"Sophie, don't play the fool!" Sophie's perfunctory attitude angered Timothy, and his tone was more ruthless than before, "I can't get her. But I haven't slept enough with you! Since I can't get her, it's nice that you replace her!"
	"Over my dead body!" Sophie also got angry and refused.
	"I've slept with you once, and will sleep with you many times." Timothy was more confident than Sophie, "If you don't want me to send the photos to Sky, come see me right now! I am in Room 1808 of the Four Seasons Hotel."
	Sophie, of course, did not want to go. But she was afraid of the photos in his hands and did not dare to show her reluctance, "Not now!"
	"Why?" Timothy asked rhetorically.
	"It's time for lunch." Sophie had promised to have lunch with Sky and then go to the hospital together for a checkup.
	These were too important for her to fail to keep her appointment.
	"It's just lunch. I shall take full charge of the matter." Timothy had thought it was not a big deal.
	"I... it is really inconvenient for me to come there today. Can we talk about this another time?" Sophie had to soften her tone and avoided arguing with Timothy.
	"No. Come here now!" Timothy, however, did not give her any chance and was firm. He strengthened his ultimatum, "If I can't see you in an hour, don't blame me for being ruthless!"
	With that, he hung up. Sophie said urgently, "Wait..."
	But she could only hear the phone beep in her ears.
	Sophie grabbed the phone, biting her lip tightly, but still couldn't find any way.
	She felt powerless, as if she was drowning and could only drift with the water. She tried to grasp the straws, but failed. The feeling of suffocation and despair tormented her.
	While the car stopped at the entrance of the Tanner Group, Sophie still did not react.
	"Madam, we're at the company." The driver reminded her.
	"OK." Sophie then came back to her senses and looked up at the Tanner Group, "Filip, you can go back first and do not wait for me. I'll go home with Sky in the afternoon."
	"Alright." The driver said.
	Sophie pushed the door and got off the car. The driver drove out of her sight before she turned around and looked up at the upper floors of the building, where Sky's office was.
	She and Sky were so close. But she couldn't see him.
	She tightly gripped the handle of her bag and looked sad. She was so distressed that tears were filled with her eyes.
	Sophie made up her mind and turned away. She took a taxi to the Four Seasons Hotel Timothy had mentioned.
	Compared with Timothy, she didn't want to lose Sky. She didn't want Sky to know that she had slept with Timothy.
	If Sky found out that his wife had been slept with another man, he would not forgive her.
	She could be no longer herself. She could be ruthless and scorned by everyone. But she did not want to lose her beloved.
	Sophie arrived at the hotel in less than an hour. She did not immediately go up to Timothy, but sat downstairs to rest. It was better for her to see him as late as possible.
	With less than five minutes left, she got up and took the elevator upstairs. Standing at the door of 1808, she took three deep breaths before raising her hand and ringing the doorbell with trembling fingers.
	Soon, the door was pulled open from the inside. Timothy's face, which made Sophie sick and hateful, appeared. He pulled her in with one hand and closed the door.
Chapter 117 She Has to Endure the Humiliation
	Timothy pressed Sophie who was pulled in against the door panel. He deliberately leaned closer, his face right in front of her eyes. Sophie clearly saw the desire in his eyes, which was straightforward and simple.
	"Let go of me. I can hardly breathe." Sophie reached out against his chest.
	Her soft fingertips pressed against his chest, making him more excited.
	The desire in his eyes was stronger. He was like a wolf looking greedily at its prey.
	He pulled her fingers to his lips and kissed them, "Let me give you artificial respiration."
	He smiled flirtatiously and got close to her delicate red lips. Just as he almost kissed her, Sophie reached out to cup his face, smiling, "Don't be in a hurry. I have hastened to come here and am tired. I would like to take a break and drink water."
	When Sophie acted like a spoiled child, Timothy could not resist at all. He held her hand and felt her smooth skin.
	"OK. Then, I will let you go for now. It is no use however you beg me later." Timothy took her hand and led her to the living room.
	"How can I pour water if you hold my hand?" Sophie moved her hand, which was gripped by him firmly, and smiled.
	Timothy held Sophie's shoulder and asked her to sit down, "Don't move. I'll do it."
	He picked up the water bottle on the table, poured a glass of water, walked to her, and then sat down next to her.
	Sophie reached for the water. But Timothy raised his hand holding the glass so that she could not reach it. So, Sophie leaned forward and did not sit steadily, falling into his arms.
	Timothy laughed happily when he saw the beauty throwing herself into his arms.
	Sophie tried to get out of his arms. But he was ahead of her and wrapped his left arm around her back. The big palm pressed her back and held her tightly in his arms to prevent her from escaping.
	Sophie did not want to be so ambiguous and close to him. She subconsciously struggled twice, only to hear his nasty words, "If you continue to move, I cannot hold back anymore..."
	He was turned on, obviously. Sophie was so frightened that she was pale and did not dare to move.
	"Then let go of me first." Sophie felt sick and uncomfortable while smelling his smell.
	"Didn't you say you wanted some water?" Timothy took a sip of water and approached her, "Come on. I'll feed you."
	Seeing he was so shameless, Sophie felt disgusted. If she didn't hold back, she would definitely vomit, "This is unhygienic, right?"
	"What? You dislike me?" Timothy was angry and displeased, "You have to know the last time we had a kiss, we ate each other's saliva. What are you afraid of?"
	Words failed Sophie.
	She really had never seen a man as disgusted and greasy as Timothy. She felt like she could hardly hold back.
	"No need. I can drink myself. So, I don't want to bother you." Sophie faked a smile.
	"But I'm just willing to serve you, whether it's drinking water or in bed..." Timothy's eyes were filled with softness and Sophie was the only one in his eyes.
	Sophie suddenly turned her face, pressed one hand to her chest, and couldn't help vomiting.
	Seeing Sophie vomit, Timothy seemed to have been fatally humiliated and struck. His face completely changed and became gloomy and extremely ugly.
	He pushed Sophie away. Sophie fell off the couch and onto the carpet as soon as she was pushed away.
	"Sophie, I tell you, if you do not willingly obey me today, I will not only let Sky see your nude pictures, but also let all netizens see your sexy figure. At that time, you will not deserve to be Sky's wife and return to the Linder family!" Timothy also stood up. He was so tall that he blocked the light of the chandelier overhead. The shadow enveloped her.
	She was like a flower growing in the dark and could not get any sunlight, only feeling cold.
	She looked up at Timothy, whose face was full of anger and whose eyes were burning with rage, and shivered.
	"I didn't mean it. I just had an upset stomach."
	She couldn't be destroyed by him. Even if she had to lose everything, she still had to stay by Sky's side.
	Seeing Sophie bowing, Timothy squatted down and cupped her chin, "You know, I've always liked you. One night of love is worth a hundred of friendship. As long as you are obedient, everything will be fine."
	Sophie trembled slightly. She knew Timothy just wanted to sleep with her.
	She didn't want to do it. But she couldn't refuse.
	"Now, go clean yourself up and wait for me on the bed." Timothy, who was smiling, became cold and solemn, "Don't play tricks, or I'll make you miserable!"
	He released his grip on her chin. Her face was tilted and she froze for ten seconds.
	"What? You aren't willing?" Timothy was dissatisfied when he saw that she did not move, "I have more than those two photos. Besides, there are videos. It will be exciting if I send them to Sky... I'd better send him now..."
	"No..." Sophie grabbed the corner of his pants, "I'll do whatever you say. Is it okay?"
	"Good girl." He raised his hand and took her arm to help her up from the carpet, "Go wash up properly and wait for me."
	Sophie could only walk to the bedroom. She could not fight with Timothy at all now. She had to delete all those photos and videos.
	Now, she had no choice but to endure the humiliation.
	Sophie went into the bathroom, locked the door, and washed quickly.
	When Timothy came in, she was already sitting on the edge of the bed. Seeing the beautiful Sophie and thinking about her soft body, Timothy became excited.
	He walked to the bed and wrapped his arms around Sophie's thin waist, "You're so charming."
	Sophie only forced a smile and didn't say anything.
	Timothy was so anxious that he kissed her on the lips, frantically tasting her sweetness.
	He leaned forward gradually. Sophie was forced to lie on the queen-size bed. While he kissed her, he gently pulled the strap of her robe around her waist with one hand...
	"Wait." She pressed his hand which was touching her body, "You must promise me one thing."
	"What is it?" He was now anxious.
	"No leaving any marks on me. Otherwise, I'll have to leave here and spend a month recovering. At that time, Sky will know about it even if you don't send him the pictures." Sophie felt that Timothy was as mad as a wild animal and she couldn't stand it.
Chapter 118 You Are Not Allowed to Go Anywhere
	If she got black and blue again, she would have to hide from Sky.
	In the long run, Sky would discover that one day. She could have nothing, but she couldn't lose Sky, the one she loved with every fibre of her being.
	"What does it matter? If he abandons you, that means he does not really love you! So you just marry me." Timothy said.
	It was such a beautiful thing to marry the one he loved, and he could also show off that Sophie, who once looked down on him, had become his woman at last.
	"He loves me! And I won't marry you!" Sophie stared at him hard.
	"What's wrong with marrying me? Am I worse than Sky? He's just a sick man! Can he satisfy you?" Timothy was stimulated, "Sophie, don't be shameless. I do nothing to you now because I like you. Don't think I'm afraid to touch you!"
	"You dare? I'm not afraid of you. Let's die together! Even after I die, I'll still be Sky's wife!" Sophie was forced into a corner. "If you ever leave a trace on me, I'll kill you!"
	Sophie's eyes are full of aggression, and Timothy was shocked by her fierce look.
	Sophie had always been sweet. When she smiled, it was like a flower blooming. It was this gentle smile that attracted him.
	Unexpectedly, she also had such a fierce look, which made him a bit scared.
	Was this woman mad?
	Timothy gulped and laughed. "I was just kidding. Why so serious?"
	"I'm talking to you seriously. I'm not joking." Sophie said again, "Don't leave your mark on me."
	"All right, all right. I'll listen to you..." Timothy couldn't wait.
	She was like a flower, and he was like the rain, gently watering the flower and making it bloom...
	When all was done, the man was still lingering, and the woman couldn't wait to get up, without a trace of nostalgia.
	Sophie changed her clothes and prepared to leave.
	When Timothy saw that she was leaving, he went up to her before she got dressed and hugged her from behind. "Little chick, what magic do you have to make me so obsessed with you?"
	"You have lost your mind." Sophie said coldly, without the enthusiasm she had been with him.
	"Is that so? I will be willing to die for you." He blew the hot breath on her neck.
	Sophie coolly pulled his hands away from her waist. He grasped her hand and pulled her back into his arms. "I hate to let you go."
	"Timothy, don't push your luck." Sophie glared at him.
	"Let me kiss you again." Timothy was so annoyed, "Just a second."
	Sophie didn't move, letting him kiss her lips.
	And then Sophie went to the living room, picked up her bag and left the hotel.
	She stepped out of the hotel and checked her mobile phone. Sky had called her many times. There were some voice messages.
	‘Sophie, where have you been? I thought you are coming to have lunch with me, but you don't answer my calls.'
	‘Sophie, where are you? Just give me a call or send me a message to let me know you're safe.'
	‘Sophie, please call me when you see the message. I'm looking for you.'
	Sophie listened to Sky's concerned and anxious voice and felt uncomfortable. All those sad feelings flooded over her and made her nose sour. The tears came uncontrollably to her eyes.
	What was she going to do?
	She didn't want things to go on like this. She didn't want to be bullied by Timothy like this. She wanted to protect herself and kept herself for him.
	Timothy was her nightmare. She was in a whirlpool and couldn't get out.
	The more she thought, the sadder she was, and the harder she cried, which made the passers-by cast a sympathetic look at her.
	Like an outsider, she did not notice these strange stares.
	"Miss, are you all right?" Some kind man asked, "Did something bad happen to you?"
	"I'm fine, I'm fine." Sophie just held the phone and shook her head.
	"Oh, it will be fine. Eyes won't look beautiful when they are swollen because of tears." The man advised.
	"Okay." Sophie said softly, wiping the tears from her face.
	She quickened her space, and then a Mercedes car stopped in front of her. The door was hurriedly pushed open, and Sky appeared in front of her.
	Sophie stood there, just staring at the Sky, as if she were a knight coming from Heaven.
	Sky stepped forward, "Why are you crying?"
	Sophie smiled brightly and rushed into Sky's arms and hugged his waist with both hands, "The sand went into the eyes."
	"Why did you come to the hotel? I've been looking everywhere for you. I was almost crazy." Sky also reached out and embraced Sophie in his arms.
	"I've got something urgent to attend to, and I thought I'd be able to meet you for lunch, so I didn't tell you. Instead, I've been delayed. I am sorry, and I won't do it again. Will you forgive me for once?" Sophie coquetted in front of him.
	She raised her head in his arms, her eyes red, her face stained with tears, and looked at him piteously with pursed lips.
	Such Sophie was so lovely that Sky could not get angry and he was conquered by her.
	"I'll tie you to me and not let you go anywhere."
	Sky reached out and gently pinched her face.
	"Well, and you and me will be tied together until you are annoyed by me." There was no gloom in her smile.
	"You won't annoy me." Sky took her hand.
	"Neither will I, as long as I can be with you." She put her other hand on Sky's arm.
	Sky nodded, looking into her eyes lovingly, "Let's go."
	Just as they were about to leave, a familiar voice said, "Mr. Tanner, please stay."
	Sky looked at Timothy walking to them, "What's wrong, Mr. Timothy?"
	Sophie was tensed, and increased her strength at grabbing Sky's arm.
	"I happen to meet you here and just say hi." Timothy's eyes fell on Sophie. "Ms. Tanner is so beautiful. You are so blessed with such beautiful company. How about Ms. Tanner fixing me up?"
Chapter 119 Pass out
	Timothy looked at Sophie with a smile as usual, and suppressed his greed for her deeply in his heart, but Sophie could still see his longing for her in his eyes.
	His eyes were like a quagmire, trying to drag her deep into it, and trapping her dead.
	Sky had sensed something was wrong when she grasped his arm.
	Sky saw she was not good, "What's wrong with you? Why are you so pale?"
	"I am fine." Sophie braced herself up and forced a smile to Sky.
	"We're going to the hospital anyway. Let the doctor check if you're not feeling well." Sky stretched out his hand and wrapped it around her into his arms and comforted her softly.
	His voice was as soft as water, and it was like medicine that made Sophie feel a little more alive than she had been before.
	"Mr. and Ms. Tanner are so sweet that you guys make me jealous." Timothy felt ignored by them and was envious. "Miss Linder hasn't said anything yet. Are you not willing to introduce your friends to me or are you looking down on me?"
	"Mr. Timothy, my last name is Liner, but I'm married to Sky, so please call me Ms. Tanner." Sophie corrected Timothy's address.
	"Oh, right. Sorry for being rude." Timothy said so, but he didn't apologize at all.
	He knew that Sophie was just trying to force him to face up to her identity as Ms. Tanner.
	"Mr. Timothy is handsome and attractive, and my friends are either married, divorced, or having kids... There aren't many that match Mr. Timothy." Sophie said softly, "And there are so many women who chase after Mr. Timothy. You don't need me to fix you up. I think you will find a good match yourself."
	Of course Timothy knew Sophie was trying to get away with it, and she was referring to Rose who had a child.
	Rose was Bright's woman actually. Timothy would not dare to touch her even his was given with guts.
	"Ms. Tanner is right. I already have my fair lady in my heart, but I don't know if she will give me such a chance to marry me." Sophie was Timothy's fair lady in his heart.
	He had been missing her for many years. At first, she didn't like him. Later, she married Sky and didn't even give him any chance.
	But now, Timothy had gotten Sophie's Achilles' heel, so she obediently listened to him now.
	Sophie knew Timothy was referring her, but she didn't feel happy, but disgusted.
	"Well, I hope you can get the lady's heart." Sky didn't know it, and he gave his blessing.
	"Let's go." Sophie tugged at Sky's sleeve, hurry to get out of here.
	Sophie was very sad because of Sky's words. Although he didn't know that Sophie was the woman Timothy wanted, he gave his blessing so generously, and that was like he pushed his wife to Timothy and didn't want her, which hurt Sophie very much.
	She didn't blame Sky, but she just couldn't pretend she was fine.
	"I'm counting on that." Timothy put on an evil smile and glanced over Sophie, who was frowning unpleasantly. There was a sense of triumph in Timothy's mind.
	Sophie was both shocked and frightened by Timothy's provocation. Her heart was racing, and her nerve was tensed, which made her soul and body suffer.
	In this case, Sophie's back was sweating, and she was covered with fear.
	She tugged at Sky again. Sky then said to Timothy, "We have something else to do, so we have to leave first."
	"Mr. Tanner, please." Timothy waved his hand.
	When Sky held on to Sophie's shoulder and tried to take her away, Sophie felt dizzied and saw darkness, then she fainted, slipping down from Sky's arms.
	Sky hugged around her waist in time, and let her lean against him, "Sophie, Sophie, what's wrong?"
	When Sky saw Sophie passing out, he worried about her and shook her anxiously.
	But Sophie's eyes were closed and she remained paled.
	Seeing this, Timothy hurried forward. "What's wrong with Ms. Tanner?"
	"She fainted." Sky held her up and reached for the door.
	Sky couldn't reach the car door, so Timothy pulled open the door for him. "Let me drive you to the hospital?"
	"I don't want to bother you." Sky put Sophie into the car seat and fastened the seat belt for her.
	He trotted to the driver seat.
	Sophie leaned against the back of the car seat, where her beautiful profile was visible through the opening window. Timothy looked at her audaciously.
	Sky drove all the way to the nearest People's Hospital.
	Sky parked the car in a hurry and carried Sophie down to the emergency department.
	"Doctor, my wife fainted suddenly, please check for her." Sky was so anxious that his forehead was beaded with sweat.
	"Put her in the ward, and go through the formalities and wait outside." The nurse hurriedly said.
	"Yes." Sky put Sophie on the bed and went to go through the formalities.
	After half an hour of waiting, Sophie was wheeled out of the emergency room and transferred to the general room for observation.
	And Sky had been accompanying her, sitting in the chair beside the bed, with one hand holding Sophie's. He kept watching her beautiful sleeping face.
	The air smelled of a light disinfectant fluid, and the room was so quiet that only the sound of drip dropping could be heard.
	Everything seemed to slow down.
	Sky felt Sophie's hand move and her closed eyes popped open. "How do you feel? What was going on?" asked Sky anxiously.
	Sophie shook her head and looked around her. "Sky, what's wrong with me? Why am I in the hospital?
	"You fainted." Said Sky.
	"Sorry to get you worried." Her eyes were wet.
	"You're my wife. I should take care of you." Sky took a piece of paper to wipe her wet corners of eyes, "Why are you crying? It's not good crying so often."
	"Sky, how could I faint?" Sophie clenched his hand nervously. "I've been fine all my life. How could I faint so sudden?"
	Did she pass out because she was too scared of Timothy?
	Timothy had gotten her weakness. What should she do if he broke his promise and sent the photos to Sky?
	"Have a guess." Sky gave a gentle smile.
Chapter 120 You Got Pregnant
	Sky looked handsome and his smile was gentle, just like the sunshine, which made Sophie, who was originally frightened, felt warm.
	Since he was smiling, she must not have had a serious illness.
	"Why did I faint? Was it because I was too tired?"
	Sky shook his head.
	"Then was it because I was in poor health?"
	He shook his head again.
	Sophie thought about it for a while and said, "Was it because... Well, I don't know why. Could you tell me?"
	"Sophie, I have good news." Sky said to her.
	"Good news?" Sophie thought about it, "Does the doctor say that we are healthy and we can make preparations for pregnancy?"
	"You are getting hot." Sky said to her.
	Sophie looked at him seriously, but she couldn't figure it out.
	Sky put her hands on her underbelly and smiled more happily, and his eyes were also as bright and dazzling as fireworks in the dark.
	Sophie looked at him and felt surprised.
	She was a bit excited and also a bit anxious, because she was afraid that she got him wrong.
	"Sky, what do you mean?" She hoped that he could tell her.
	Sky touched her underbelly gently with his hands and said, "The doctor says that you are pregnant. You will be a mother, and I will be a father. Are you happy?"
	"Yes, of course. I am so happy to hear that." Sophie was so excited that she made herself into his embrace and held his shoulders tightly, with a smile on her face.
	Sky touched her back with his hands gently, but he found that her shoulders trembled, and then he heard that she was crying...
	"Sophie, what's wrong? Why are you crying?" Sky gently pushed her away from his arms, and saw her tears continuously flow down, and she looked very sad.
	"I am so happy, so I cried with joy." Sophie couldn't control her emotion so she cried, "Dear, we will have our own child soon. He is the child of our love, right?"
	"Yes. But you really look like a child now." Sky helped her wipe her tears with his hands, "I know you are happy, but you can't cry. If our baby knows that you are crying, he will think that you don't like him."
	"That's impossible. He doesn't know anything because he is just an embryo now. You can't lie to me." Sophie showed him how small an embryo was with her fingers, "Do you think that I don't know anything? For pregnancy, I have read many books about it."
	"Really?" Sky touched her nose gently and said, "It's good news for us. Don't cry."
	"OK." Sophie nodded and then leaned against his shoulder, "Honey, are you happy?"
	"Of course, " Sky held her shoulders and felt touched, "Actually, I didn't think we would have a child. However, God bless. We have a baby now."
	Sophie looked at him and said, "Honey, will you feel sorry if we don't have a baby forever? Will you divorce me?"
	"What are you talking about?" Sky held her in his arms tightly, as if she was his treasure, "I didn't dare to expect that we would have a baby because of my illness. But you didn't blame me at all, and you married me and stayed with me without hesitation. How lucky I am because of you."
	"Sky, I love you so I don't care whether you are healthy or not. I only want to stay with you forever." Sophie felt that she was so happy.
	Sky touched her forehead with his chin and said, "I once thought that even if we have no children forever, I will also be happy as long as I can stay with you forever. We can live happily forever, and no one will bother us."
	"Dear, did you really think so?" Sophie touched his face with her hands and felt surprised and moved, "Did you really think that I was the most important?"
	"Of course. Since you have chosen to stay together with me and didn't mind whether I was healthy, I should love you forever even though we wouldn't have a child forever. Sophie, I will treat you sincerely no matter whether we have a kid or not. Now we have a baby, and he will make us happier, and we don't need to feel sorry for our parents and the Tanner family anymore. " Sky kissed her forehead gently.
	Sophie closed her eyes and felt touched.
	She thought that she was so lucky because she loved Sky, and Sky also loved her very much.
	They embraced each other and felt warm.
	After the infusion, the doctor said that both she and her baby were healthy, and she just needed to maintain a good mood, increase nutrition and do some exercise properly.
	And then they left the hospital. When Sky was driving, Sophie kept looking at him.
	"Why do you keep looking at me like this?" Sky asked her.
	"I just want to look at you like this." Sophie acted like a spoiled child.
	"I can't focus on driving if you look at me like this." Sky shook his head with a smile, "If you have time now, you can tell your parents about it. I think they will be very happy."
	"But I think we should tell them about it when we meet them." Sophie thought about it and then said, "I think I should go back home tomorrow and tell my mother about it."
	Sky nodded with agreement. When they came back to the Tanner family, they were waiting for them to enjoy dinner together.
	There were Sam, May, Alaya and her daughter Jasmin.
	They enjoyed dinner in the living room together.
	"Well, before eating dinner, I would like to tell you good news." Sky looked at Sophie gently and said to them.
	"What is it?" His parents asked him.
	"Sophie is pregnant." Sky told them happily.
	After hearing about it, they all looked at Sophie and felt surprised. And then Jasmin asked Sky, "Uncle Sky, I will have a younger brother or sister soon, right?"
	"Yes, you're right. Sky touched her face gently.
	"Sky... Is it true? " Sam felt that it was unbelievable, so he asked Sky again.
	"Yes, it is true." Sky knew that his parents would be very happy, "Today, Sophie fainted, and then I drove her to the hospital for a body examination. Finally, the doctor said that she was pregnant."
	Sophie took out the checklist of the B-scan ultrasonography and then put it on the table, "This is the checklist of the B-scan ultrasonography."
	Sam took it up and read it together with May, and they felt happy when they read it.
Chapter 121 The Successor of the Tanner Family
	When May took over the checklist from Sam, her hands trembled. She didn't expect that his son would have a baby after recovering and getting married. It really was good news.
	She never thought that life could be full of hope and light. She suffered a lot in her life. Especially when her son was ill and was about to die, she felt that she was unable to live either.
	"May, please let me have a look." Alaya also wanted to read it.
	May gave it to Alaya and then wiped her tears by herself.
	She was Sam's second wife, Alaya's stepmother, and Sky's biological mother.
	"May, you should be happy because Sophie is pregnant now." Alaya was kind and generous. Although May was her stepmother, they got along well with each other.
	"Yes, it's good news. We should be happy." May smiled happily.
	Sam drank a cup of wine and felt so good.
	He put the cup down on the table and then said, "God bless! Sky suffered so much, and now he is destined for good fortune ever after. This child is the first child in our Tanner family, and he is the successor of our Tanner family. I don't need to feel ashamed when I meet our ancestors after I die one day."
	Sam was touched at this time. Although they really hoped that they could have a grandson, they never made Sky and Sophie feel stressed, because they knew about Sky's health.
	They just hoped that Sky could live healthily and happily, so they didn't talk about it with them even though they hoped that their Tanner family would have a successor. Unexpectedly, Sophie was pregnant.
	Sam was so touched, and he even wanted to cry with joy.
	May also felt touched. She held one of Sam's hands with her hands, and there were tears in their eyes.
	They looked at each other and also understood each other.
	"Sophie, you are a great heroine of our Tanner family. Not only did you find the umbilical cord blood for Sky to treat his disease, but you really also have worked hard for pregnancy, and now you are pregnant. As our daughter-in-law, I have to show my appreciation to you for everything you have done for Sky and our Tanner family. " Sam said to Sophie with excitement.
	"Sophie, we won't forget what you have done for our Tanner family. Thank you so much." May continued, "No matter what you want to eat, you can have our chef cook it for you. And you don't need to do anything, because the most important thing for you now is to take good care of yourself and your baby."
	"Yes. Sophie, you will feel very tired when you are pregnant, and then you will suffer more when you give birth to a baby. If you have any questions about pregnancy and raising children, please feel free to come to me. Although I am not a doctor, I knew something about it. " Alaya felt very glad, because it was hard for them to be pregnant.
	"Look, you are really a treasure in our family now. My parents and my sister all want to protect you, but they have forgotten me. " Sky said with a smile.
	"How can you envy me? They are your parents and sister." Sophie said gently.
	"No, I don't envy you." Sky shook his head, "But you shall be obedient and you shouldn't go to any other place by yourself. Otherwise, I will worry about you."
	"OK, I will follow your orders." Sophie acted like a spoiled child, "I have to say thanks to all of you. And I will take good care of myself and my baby. Don't worry. As Sky's wife, it is my responsibility to give birth to a child for Sky and our Tanner family. Finally, our dream came true."
	Sophie talked to them politely and showed her responsibility for the Tanner family.
	It made Sam and May like her more and thought that she was so kind, so they trusted her more.
	"Sky, Sophie is so nice, and she loves you so much. Now, she is pregnant, you should treat her well. If you make her sad, we will punish you." Sam talked to Sky seriously.
	"Dad, I got it." Sky answered and held Sophie's hands.
	Sophie said, "Dad, mom, don't worry. Sky really treats me well."
	"Look, you always want to protect him." Sam laughed and said, "If he makes you sad, we must punish him."
	"Thanks, dad."
	"Sky, take some chicken soup for Sophie. She is pregnant now. She should drink some chicken soup, because it is nutritious." May said to Sky.
	And then Sky took up a bowl and took some chicken soup to Sophie, and he also took some fish meat to her, because she liked it.
	They really took good care of Sophie, as if she was the princess in the Tanner family.
	After dinner, Sky and Sophie went out to take a walk. When they came back to the bedroom, it was past 9:00pm.
	Sophie took a bath and then went to bed. Later, Sky found that she leaned against the head of the bed and didn't sleep. So he asked, "What are you thinking about? Why do you look so anxious? Have I done something wrong?"
	Sophie patted him with her hand slightly and said, "How naughty you are. You didn't do anything wrong."
	"Then do you worry about something? Could you tell me about it?" Sky held her in his arms.
	Sophie leaned against his shoulder and said, "I want to tell you something."
	"What's up?"
	"Something about my elder sister..." Sophie glanced at him secretly.
	As expected, he looked unhappy when he heard that.
	"I am not interested in her. We are so happy now, I don't want to talk about her." Sky really didn't like her.
	"But it's very important. I have thought about it twice before I decided to tell you about it." Sophie put her hands on his chest, "Do you know why she could come back to the Linder family?"
	Sky didn't say anything, but he held her shoulders more tightly.
	Sophie continued, "Because she has been the mistress of Bright Lee."
	Sky was shocked when he heard that, and then he looked at Sophie with puzzlement.
	"It's true. My mom told me about it. And they have admitted their relationship in front of my parents. Otherwise, I won't believe that she would be a mistress of Bright." Sophie signed and then continued, "With the support of Bright, she has become arrogant, and she was even impolite to my parents."
Chapter 122 Give Her Hell
	Sophie didn't want to talk about Rose with Sky at all, because she couldn't forget that she once fell in love with Sky.
	Although she married Sky, she was afraid that Sky would be together with Rose again.
	It was his first love, which was unforgettable for him. She was afraid that Sky would leave her, so she wanted to try her best to make Rose get away from them. However, this time she had to talk about it with him, because it was serious.
	"I tell you about it because I don't want you to have any conflict with her, so as not to offend Bright. What's more, nobody knows the relationship between them besides my parents and us. So you can't tell any other people about it, otherwise, Bright may do something to ruin the Linder family and the Tanner family."
	She didn't want Sky to do anything to make Bright annoyed, so she had to talk about it with him. Otherwise, she would definitely not mention her.
	Finally, Sky was persuaded by Sophie.
	He nodded and said, "Well, I got it. Let's go to sleep."
	Sky put down her pillow and helped her lie down on the bed. And then he turned off the lamp and went to sleep.
	Sophie got close to Sky in the dark and put her head on his shoulder.
	Sky held her in his arms and said, "You should take a good rest now. Good night."
	"You should also go to sleep early, because you have to go to work tomorrow. Good night. " Sophie was lying in his arms and there was a familiar smell on him, and then she smiled.
	Finally, they closed their eyes and slept.
	It was quiet at night. Sophie didn't know when she fell asleep, and she didn't know what time it was when she woke up.
	She wanted to touch Sky as usual, but she found that he wasn't here. And the quilt wasn't warm, so she thought that he might get up for a while.
	There was moonlight outside the window. Sophie got up and looked up to the bathroom, but there wasn't a light in the bathroom.
	And then she looked out to the French window and found that the curtains were open.
	She stood up and wore her shoes and then walked to the French windows. Then she saw Sky. He was standing on the balcony and looking into the distance.
	She walked towards him and embraced him from his back, and then rested her head on his back.
	At this time, Sky knew it was Sohpie and then asked, "When did you wake up?"
	"Did you smoke just now?" There was a slight smell of cigarettes on him.
	He didn't smoke often before. Sometimes he just smoked for social engagement. After he was ill, he didn't smoke at all. Why did he smoke again today?
	Was it because he thought about Rose? Did he feel annoyed?
	"Don't worry, I won't smoke too much." Sky explained to her, "It's windy outside. Go back into the room."
	"I can't fall asleep if you don't stay together with me." Sophie embraced him more tightly, "I want to hold you to sleep."
	"I feel annoyed, so I want to stay here for a while. I will come back when there is no smell of cigarettes." Sky tried not to be annoyed and said to her gently, "Go back to the bedroom. You should pay attention to your health for our baby."
	"But I want to stay together with you." Sophie didn't want to let him alone, because she always thought that she would lose him if she let him alone.
	"Sophie, be good." Sky frowned because she refused to go back to the bedroom.
	"Sky..." Sophie bit her lower lip and then told a lie, "I had a nightmare just now. I dreamed that you abandoned me and our baby, and then left with another woman... Sky, would you leave us behind?"
	"It was just a dream. It wasn't true. Look, I am staying together with you now. What's more, we have a baby now, so I won't abandon you. You are the most important for me in my life." Sky turned around to hold her hands and face her.
	"However, it looked so real in the dream, as if it wasn't a dream at all. Sky, don't you want to know who that woman is?" Sophie looked at him anxiously.
	"It wasn't true. So it doesn't make sense." Sky held her hands and found that her hands were cold.
	"Sky, it was my sister. I dreamed that you stayed together with her again and abandoned me and then left together with her at last... Sky, please don't leave us behind." Sophie looked at him with tears in her eyes, and then she embraced him and said, "Sky, we can't live without you."
	Sky looked at her and touched her hair, "I heard that women always like to think too much when they are pregnant. Now, I find that it is true."
	"Sophie, she betrayed me like that five years ago. I hate her, so I won't abandon you because of her now. Without you, I couldn't be alive. So I won't leave you behind. Please trust me."
	Sophie felt relieved when she heard that, "I trust you. But I don't trust her. She always thinks that you broke up with her because of me. Now that she knows that I am so happy with you, she will definitely try to take revenge on me. And the best way for her is to take you away from me. As we all know, she loved you so much before."
	"Now, she is with Mr. Bright, I don't think she will love me anymore. Since she had betrayed me, I didn't think she really loved me. So you don't need to worry about that, otherwise, it will be bad for our baby." Sky held her in his arms, "Let's go to sleep."
	Sky didn't want to talk about Rose anymore, so he held her in his arms and then went back to the bedroom to go to sleep.
	And then Sophie went to sleep at ease in his arms.
	However, she couldn't enter deep sleep because she couldn't help thinking about it.
	In her mind, Sky behaved very abnormally today because he actually smoked. He used to smoke every time he quarreled with Rose when he was with her. Now she told him that Rose had become the mistress of Bright, and then he had insomnia and smoked.
	He might no longer love her, but it was difficult to get rid of the habits he developed when he was with her.
	Even though he said that he wouldn't leave her behind because of Rose, she could feel that he would be sad because of her. Therefore, Sophie thought that she would try her best to seize happiness for herself.
	As long as she wanted to make her unhappy, she would try her best to give her hell even though she had the support of Bright Lee.
	She thought that she had to make a good plan for it.
Chapter 123 You Can't Love Him
	After breakfast early in the morning, Rose took up Doris' satchel and said, "Grandma, dad and mom, I would like to drive Doris to school first."
	"Go ahead. Be careful." Jennifer said with a smile.
	"Goodbye." Although Doris didn't like Chandler and Joy, she had to be polite.
	"Rose, please don't forget your appointment with me this weekend." Jennifer reminded Rose.
	"I got it." And then Rose left together with Doris.
	After she had a Ferrari, she could save so much time every day.
	Doris also felt that it looked so cool with red color when she sat in the car.
	When they arrived at the gate of Kindergarten, they met Matthew and Wyatt.
	"Good morning, Aunt Rose. Good morning, Doris." Wyatt greeted them excitedly.
	He felt happy every day when he met Doris in Kindergarten.
	"Good morning." Doris also greeted them politely.
	"Let's go to school together."
	And then Wyatt went into the school hand in hand with Doris, and they looked like good friends. When they turned back to wave goodbye to Rose and Matthew, they accidentally bumped into the person behind them.
	"I am so sorry." They apologized at once. However, Doris looked at the man standing in front of them and suddenly said, "You are uncle Sky..."
	Wyatt heard that Doris knew the man, so he also greeted him, "Hello, uncle Sky..."
	"Uncle Sky, why are you here? I never knew that you had a child." Doris asked him with puzzlement.
	"I drove my niece to Kindergarten today. She's my sister's daughter." Sky talked to them patiently.
	"What's her name?"
	"Her name is Jasmin." Sky looked at them and said, "I think you shall go into Kindergarten now, otherwise, you will be late."
	"See you, uncle Sky." And then they left.
	At this time, Sky and Rose stood face to face, and the distance between them was no more than three meters. So Rose also saw Sky. Sky looked at her coldly, and it seemed that he hated her.
	Rose didn't care what he thought of herself anyway, he had already convicted her five years ago.
	Matthew found that there was something wrong between them, so he asked, "Do you know him?"
	"He is my sister's husband." Rose said calmly.
	"Your sister's husband?" Matthew could feel that he hated her, but he didn't know why.
	Sky was wearing a gray suit, with one hand in his pocket, and then he walked towards her gracefully, "If you have time, I would like to talk with you."
	Rose didn't expect that Sky would want to talk with her alone once again. She said, "I have to go to work, so I am afraid that I have no time to talk with you."
	"How about talking with each other for a while at noon? I don't think you have no time to eat lunch and take a nap at noon." Sky asked her and it seemed that he really wanted to talk with her today.
	"If I am too busy at noon, I may have no time to talk with you at noon." Rose refused to talk with him again.
	Because of the relationship between Sky and her before, she didn't want to talk with him alone. She wasn't scared because of Sophie. She just didn't want other people to take her fodder for topics conversations.
	"Which company do you work for? Why don't you have time for lunch?" Sky kept asking.
	Matthew coughed lightly and then said, "Rose, it's time to go to work, but you can take 10 more minutes to talk with him. I will go first."
	And then Matthew left. Sky looked at Matthew and asked Rose, "Is he your boss?"
	"He is the General Manager of the company in City H." Rose said, "My boss only gives me ten more minutes, please hurry up if you want to talk with me."
	Sky looked at the beverage shop located on the left side of the street and said, "Let's go to the beverage shop there and talk with each other."
	After they got to the beverage shop, they sat down on the chairs next to the round table in the corner, with green plants around them.
	A waiter came up to them and asked them what kind of drink they wanted. And then they ordered a cup of black coffee and a cup of lemon water.
	They sat there face to face, but they didn't talk.
	After a while, Rose raised her hand and looked at her watch, and she said to Sky, "Mr. Sky, it has been three minutes. There are only 7 minutes left."
	There was only Sky and herself, so she called him Mr. Sky in order to keep the distance between them.
	"Don't you really want to stay with me alone?" Sky picked up the spoon and stirred the coffee in the cup gently.
	"Mr. Sky, if you have nothing to talk about with me, I would like to go to work." Rose took up her bag and intended to leave.
	"What's the relationship between you and Bright?" Sky took up the cup of coffee and drank it while asking her coldly.
	Rose stood there and said, "He is the principal of one of our projects."
	"Is that all?" Sky put down the cup.
	"Do you think there will be any special relationship between us?" Rose sneered and looked up at him.
	"As we all know, everyone wants to cooperate with HY Group in terms of their projects. However, not everyone is qualified to cooperate with HY Group. What's more, David had been in charge of the project of the City J Theater. And later, Bright Lee in charge of it by himself." Sky had got the information before talking with her, "In HY Group, the Deputy General Manager or Director will be responsible for such projects, and Bright never interferes. Why is he personally responsible for the project this time? Miss. Rose, do you know why?"
	Rose understood that he suspected that she had made love with Bright for benefits.
	"If you want to know more about it, I think you can ask Mr. Bright." Rose sat down again and said, "I have nothing to say."
	"Really?" Sky sneered and said with sarcasm, "I can understand you why you don't want to talk about it. Because it is really shameful for you as a mistress."
	"Well..." Rose sneered and then said with a smile, "Even if I am a mistress of him, it's none of your business. Why do you ask me about that? Do you want to show your concerns to me in the name of my ex-fiancé?"
	"I am sorry, I don't need your concerns. Please don't forget that you have been married, and your wife is my younger sister. And you are unqualified to care about me."
	Rose reminded him not to do anything wrong.
	"Rose, you have a child. You should be responsible for your child. How can you be the mistress of Bright? As we all know, he has been married. Why do you do that? He is not the one you can fall in love with." Rose stared at her indifferently.
Chapter 124 I'm Married And Have a Child
	Rose saw that Sky was angry. She took up the cup of lemon water and drank it, and then she put down the cup on the table slowly.
	Sky also took up the cup of coffee and drank it, and he still looked serious.
	After keeping silent for a while, Sky said again, "If he isn't married, and you are with him, I will send the best wishes for you. However, he has been married. How can you be with him? He likes you just because he wants to play a game with a pretty woman. After the game is over, he will abandon you without hesitation."
	"And then, you will lose your youth, your body and your dignity. Rose, you should think about it for your child."
	"Certainly, I say that just because I think the child is innocent. Please don't think too much."
	Rose listened to him carefully, and then she said without guilt, "I think I have to appreciate you for considering me. But this is my choice, and I respect my choice."
	"Rose, you are so stubborn." Finally, she didn't accept his advice even though he had tried his best to persuade her.
	"You wouldn't know how well he treated me. When I was in trouble, he would always help me first; and he never allowed anyone to hurt me. The most important thing is that he always trusts me." Rose looked in his eyes when she said.
	Sky felt shocked when he saw his bright eyes, and he also felt sad when she said that. And he clasped the chair handle tightly with his hands.
	Did she blame him because he didn't trust her but Sophie five years ago? However, in that case, he really felt sad. What's more, as the saying goes, facts speak louder than words.
	"I believe in fact." Sky said.
	"Then I believe in my own choice." Rose was persistent.
	"I think it's different." Rose signed, "Why don't you understand? Please don't get yourself hurt. If you keep doing so, you will destroy his family and his wife will also get hurt."
	"I don't want to hurt anyone." Rose said, "I just choose the right person."
	"Rose, if you do it to take revenge on me for what happened five years ago, I won't stop you." Sky thought that she did it just to take revenge on him, "However, please don't hurt Sophie. She's your sister."
	"Mr. Sky loves your wife so much, and it really makes me touched." Finally, he talked so much with her just to protect Sophie. How could she think that he was considering her? She continued, "As the saying goes, little help brings much return. I will be grateful to everyone who has helped me. And for those who have hurt me, I shall repay them twice."
	"Then how will you make up for me for what happened five years ago?" Sky said with sadness.
	"I didn't owe you anything. Why should I make up for you? In my opinion, you should make up for me." Rose said calmly.
	"Why should I make up for you? What do you mean?" Sky asked her with puzzlement.
	"Mr. Sky, time's up. See you." Rose said and then left without hesitation.
	Sky watched her leave and felt sad. He took up his coffee and drank it all.
	After she got out of the beverage shop, Rose took a deep breath.
	She walked towards the Ferrari and got in the car, and then she drove to the City H Branch of YM Group.
	She was 15 minutes late, and the morning meeting had already started.
	She didn't attend the meeting because she was late. She just sat down on her chair and tried to calm herself down. And then she stood up and walked into the tea room, because she wanted to have a cup of coffee.
	However, when she got to the door of the tea room, she heard that some people were discussing about her inside.
	"You know what? Today Mr. Matthew helped Rose ask for leave from the personnel department." Someone said.
	"Do you know the relationship between Mr. Matthew and Rose?" Someone asked.
	"I think it's obvious. She must be Mr. Matthew's mistress..." Someone said that Rose had been with Matthew.
	"Mr. Matthew divorced for four years. I never heard that he had a girlfriend in four years. And I don't think Rose will be his mistress." Someone argued with them.
	"Some time ago, I saw Rose in the car of Mr. Matthew. And I saw Mr. Matthew driving Rose home several times."
	"Maybe she just took a ride."
	"Did you see Mr. Matthew driving any other staff home in our company?"
	All the people shook their heads.
	"So I believe Rose has been with Mr. Matthew. Have you seen her Ferrari recently? I think it was a gift given by Mr. Matthew."
	"I heard that Rose also had a special relationship with Mr. Bright in City J when she stayed in headquarters. Once when they were eating together, she seduced Mr. Bright and asked him to sit next to her."
	"It showed that Rose is very good at seducing men. I think you guys can learn from her, so that you can also seduce some rich men. If so, you don't need to worry about money forever."
	"Do you have any evidence? How can you say that? I trust Rose anyway. She is capable and beautiful, and she can marry a man she really loves."
	"Do you know why she doesn't get married? Because she has high demands on men or she is greedy so she wants to get more benefits from different men. You really don't know anything about it."
	Rose was unhappy when she heard them talking. This was not only an insult to her, but also an insult to Matthew and Bright.
	But the staff in the office always wanted to take others' fodder for topic conversations.
	Rose took out her phone and pretended that she was talking on the phone. Then she walked into the tea room while pretending to talk on the phone, "Dear, do you get to the company? Please remember to eat lunch no matter how busy you are. I will take good care of myself. Don't worry. Remember to miss me."
	Rose walked into the tea room, as if she hadn't heard anything. At this time, all the people shut up and looked at her.
	Rose ignored them and kept talking on the phone while making coffee.
	"Dear, I have to focus on my work now." Rose kept pretending, "I miss you so much. Love you. Bye."
	Rose pretended to hang up the phone and put it into his pocket, and then she kept making coffee.
	Those people who were discussing in the tea room just now didn't discuss anymore. Some of them were taking a cup of water, some of them were squeezing juice. However, they all paid attention to Rose secretly.
	"Rose, have you got married?" Amy took a cup in her hands and asked Rose, "You talked on the phone loudly just now, so I heard what you said..."
	Rose looked up at her and said, "Yes, I have been married, and I have a kid who is 5 years old now."
Chapter 125 Mr. Lee
	"What?"
	"Why?"
	"That's impossible!"
	Rose said to them calmly, which surprised them. And they felt it was unbelievable.
	Because Rose didn't look like a woman who had given birth to a child. She was 25 years old, and she looked young and pure.
	If she didn't talk about it, nobody would think that she was married and had a child.
	"Rose, are you kidding me? Do you have a five-year-old kid? No way." Amy looked Rose up and down carefully, but she didn't think she looked like a woman who had a child.
	"Yes, it's true." Rose said confidently, "How can I make a joke with you about it? I don't have to show my self-deprecating humor on this matter, right?"
	"Yes, you're right." Amy felt embarrassed and said, "So did you give birth to a child when you were about 20 years old? I think you were really brave."
	Rose thought about the past, and she felt a bit sad. She said, "I also think that I was really brave at that time."
	At that time, she made love with a strange man just to save Sky. Fortunately, she was pregnant after making love with the strange man one time, and the umbilical cord blood of the baby could be used for his treatment.
	If she wasn't pregnant or the umbilical cord blood of her baby wasn't useful for his treatment, she would feel desperate.
	Finally, she saved Sky. In other words, she repaid Sky for saving her once.
	So she didn't owe him anymore.
	"I think her husband must be the one she really loved, so she married him and then gave birth to a baby. Rose, your husband and you love each other very much, right?"
	She and Bright... loved each other very much? Although they got married, they were in a contractual relationship.
	"Yes." Rose answered.
	"Rose, could you share your love story with me? I think it must be very romantic..." Amy asked Rose, because she was really curious about the reason why Rose got married so young.
	"Nothing special." There was no love story between Bright and her.
	"Was there anything romantic or earthshattering?" Amy asked.
	"No." Rose said, "We are just ordinary people, so our life is also very ordinary."
	Amy nodded with agreement.
	"Well, let's go to work." Rose took up a cup of coffee and left.
	After Rose left, Amy said to those people who were discussing, "I told you Rose was a good girl, but you didn't believe me. Look, she has been married and has a child."
	"Even though she has been married, she might also seduce Mr. Matthew." Some people said, "As the saying goes, cats hide their claws."
	"How can you say that?" Amy was really angry, "No matter what, I trust Rose."
	"We also trust Rose. She has a correct view of the world, life and values." Some people supported Rose.
	"We'll see."
	...
	When they came back to the office, Rose had started working.
	After a while, a courier walked into the office by holding a box of bright and red roses in his hands. Every flower was as big as a wine cup, and there were crystal drops of water on the flowers, which made other people envied.
	"Who is Rose?"
	"I would like to call her right now." Amy stood up and walked towards Rose.
	She told Rose that there was a courier who was looking for her.
	And then Rose got out of her own office and she was surprised when she saw the courier holding a box of roses in his hands.
	"Hello, I am Rose." Rose said, "What's wrong?"
	"Miss Rose, here are some flowers for you. Please sign it." The courier handed her the receipt.
	Rose took over the receipt and glanced at the roses, "Are you sure? Didn't you get the information wrong?"
	"Don't worry, Miss Sophie. We won't get it wrong." The courier said with a smile.
	After she signed on the receipt, the courier handed the box of the followers to her. And then she said, "Thank you."
	"Rose, does your husband give it to you? He's really romantic." Amy guessed.
	Rose opened the box and read the card inside, [It's sunny here today. I hope it's also sunny in the city where you live. Your Mr. Lee.]
	Oh god! It was so sweet.
	Rose was moved and felt warm when she read the card, so she smiled.
	Why did he suddenly give her the flowers? She told her colleagues that she had a husband today, and then he gave her the flowers. What a coincidence! It felt like they were connected.
	She looked outside the window and found that it was sunny today.
	"Rose, you look beautiful when you smile. You should often smile." Rose felt that Rose looked so serious at work, so the colleagues didn't like her very much.
	"If I usually smile by myself, I will look like a fool." Rose put down the card and said, "I think we should be serious at work."
	"Rose, your husband loves you so much." Lily walked towards Rose by wearing a pair of high-heel shoes and said to her defiantly.
	"What do you want to do?" Amy stood in front of Lily and guarded against her.
	Lily ignored Amy but looked at Rose and said, "Rose, you have been working in the City H Branch for a long time, but you haven't invited any colleagues in our department to dinner. Is it impolite to do this?"
	"We can go out for dinner if you have time." Rose was generous.
	"Rose, how about introducing your husband to us when we go out for dinner together?" Lily kept asking, "As the saying goes, an empty hole invites wind. If you can prove that you have been married and your husband and you love each other so much, I don't think they dare to take your fodder for topics conversations anymore."
	"Lily, please stop talking." Amy knew that she just wanted to make Rose embarrassed.
	"Why? As we all know, my boyfriend also invited our colleagues to dinner before." Lily had a boyfriend who was a rich man with a company, so she felt proud.
	"Amy, I agree with Lily." Some people supported Lily and said, "And I think Rose is also very generous. Right?"
	"Why can't you introduce your husband to us? Is it because you don't get married at all?" Lily kept asking her when she saw that Rose didn't respond.
	"My husband doesn't live in City H. He lives and works in City J." Rose told the truth.
Chapter 126 You Are the One
	However, Lily didn't believe her. She sneered and then said, "Rose, did you lie to us just now? Do you really get married? Did you give yourself flowers in order to deceive us? If so, I think you really worked hard to protect yourself. But I don't think you should lie to us and treat us as fools."
	Most of the colleagues heard that she was talking on the phone with her husband in the break room just now, and it sounded sweet. However, they thought she told a lie to them and treated them as a fool.
	"Lily, I don't know why you would talk to me like this. It's true that I got married. I don't need to lie to you. If you want to see my husband, I can introduce him to you. But we have no time today. And I hope you can get ready before you see him." Rose said calmly.
	"Rose, is your husband very ugly and old? Do you think I will be scared because of his appearance? If not, why do you ask me to get ready to see him?" Lily said to her with sarcasm.
	"Lily, what are you talking about?" Amy felt angry after hearing what she said, and she talked to Lily, "Rose is so young and pretty, so her husband must be charming and excellent. In my opinion, your boyfriend really looks like a lecher."
	"Amy, how can you talk to me like that?" Lily was so angry that she raised her hand to hit Amy.
	Rose pulled Amy back and tried to fight against Lily and said, "Lily, how can you hit Amy?"
	At this time, someone said, "Mr. Matthew."
	Lily put her hand down quickly, and Rose also turned to Matthew. All the people kept quiet at once.
	"What are you doing here? Don't you need to work? If you don't want to work, you can quit right now. Matthew stared at them and said, "Because Lily gathered a crowd in the office to cause trouble, six months of bonuses will be deducted; As for other people, three months of bonuses will be deducted for punishment. If you make such a mistake again and make it serious, you will be fired immediately!"
	Six months of bonuses? There was so much money in total.
	Lily really felt angry because her bonuses were deducted.
	She stared at Rose and really hated her.
	She thought that she had to take revenge on Rose, so that Rose dared not to bully her anymore.
	Since Rose had been working in City H Branch, her position had been higher than that of Lily, so Lily hated her ever since.
	Lily had been working in City H Branch for about six or seven years, and her performance always ranked in the top three in their department. She once thought that she would be the head of their department. Unexpectedly, Rose was appointed as the head of the department. So she really hated Rose.
	She had to take revenge on Rose.
	"We will have a meeting later. The head of your department and the leaders of different groups should attend the meeting." Matthew told them and then left.
	Rose put down the flowers on the desk and then went to the meeting room. And Lily also went to the meeting room.
	Matthew sat in the meeting room, and he asked his secretary to give everyone a copy of the information when.
	"Now you can read the files. We are going to talk about the project of the Linder family and the Tanner Group. That is the Beach Hotel. We are just one company among all the bidding companies. I hope you can work together for this project. If our company wins the bid, I will apply to the head office to increase the bonus for this project and year-end bonus for you." Matthew said while reading the files.
	"You can read the requirements about this project stated in the files, and then we have to determine the style and design direction of this project as quickly as possible. As long as the plan proposed by any of you is adopted, you can become the main designer of this project."
	After one hour, the meeting ended. Rose came back to her office and took out her phone.
	And then she found that Bright texted her when she attended the meeting.
	[Mrs. Lee, do you like the roses?]
	After one minute, he texted her again.
	[Mrs. Lee, it's impolite if you don't say thanks after receiving a gift.]
	[Are you very busy?]
	And then he didn't text her anymore.
	Rose typed through the invisible keyboard on the phone and texted him through Wechat, [I was in a meeting just now. The flowers you gave me are very beautiful, thank you.]
	After half a minute, he texted, [I can give you flowers every day if you like.]
	[No, thanks. It's a waste of money.]
	[How can you say that it's a waste of money? Do you think that I will go broke if I buy you flowers every day? Don't worry. I have earned a lot of money, so I can buy you a lot of flowers.]
	[Why did you want to give me flowers?] Did he give her flowers on impulse?
	[Mrs. Lee is pretty and excellent. As your husband, I should tell other people that you are my wife in this way, and you are the one to me, so that they won't dare to take you away from me.]
	[No one will love a woman who has a five-year-old child unless he is stupid.]
	[I love you. Because I know you are a good girl.]
	Rose smiled when she read the message. Mr. Bright was really good at speaking sweet words. He only praised himself but also showed his appreciation for her in this way.]
	[Mr. Bright is good at speaking sweet words.]
	[I am sincere.]
	[...]
	After chatting with Bright, Rose started to read the files and get more information about the project.
	Although this is the project of the Linder Group and the Tanner Group, she couldn't get any benefits.
	And she didn't want to get any benefits from it, because she just wanted to get what she deserved through her own hard work.
	It was an important project since she had been the head of their department in the City H Branch. She had to work hard to prove that she was qualified, so that her colleagues could be sincerely convinced. And then she could work better in the company.
	Rose was busy until she got off work, and she didn't even have time to drink water. She hurriedly packed up her materials and then went to the kindergarten to pick up Doris.
	When she came back to the Linder family with Doris, she saw Sophie and Sky.
	"Let's have dinner together." Chandler saw Rose come back and said. After he knew about the relationship between Rose and Bright, he seemed to be kind to Rose.
	"There is good news for you." Sophie looked at Sky who was sitting by her side first, and then she looked at Rose who was sitting opposite her and then said, "I am pregnant."
	Rose was surprised when she heard that. They finally had their own baby.
	Sophie looked proud. And Rose ignored her and said with a smile, "Congratulations!"
	"Thanks." Sophie said with a sweet smile.
	Joy held her hands happily and said to Sophie, "That's great. I will be a grandmother soon."
	"Grandma, am I not your granddaughter?" Doris asked Joy, "Why do you say so?"
Chapter 127 Stay Away From Sophie
	Rose touched Doris' head and looked at her gently, as if she was saying that she would love her forever.
	Joy felt embarrassed when Doris asked her.
	"Don't you think Doris is your granddaughter?" Jennifer was also very angry because Joy ignored Doris, the great-granddaughter she loved the most.
	"No, mom." Joy denied.
	"I think you never regarded Doris as one of our family members." Jennifer said to her.
	"It doesn't matter even if you don't like me, because my handsome uncle will like me forever. Mom, we can stay together with my handsome uncle." Doris held Rose's hands and said, "I stay here just because of you and my great-grandma."
	Doris thought that it was the unhappiest period of her life when she lived here. If it were not for that she wanted to be with her mother, and Jennifer was their only family member here, she would not agree to live here.
	Since her grandma didn't like her, she didn't want to stay here anymore.
	Although she was only five years old, she wanted to say what she wanted to say and do what she wanted to do.
	When Chandler heard that Doris wanted to find Bright, he felt a bit scared. If Doris talked something bad about them with Bright and made it complicated, he wouldn't know how to explain to Bright.
	"Doris, your grandma didn't say that you weren't her granddaughter." Chandler comforted her, "She means that she will have one more granddaughter or grandson soon."
	"Grandpa, I am not deaf. I heard what she said just now." Doris argued with him on purpose. She didn't like them because they usually bullied her mother.
	"Doris. I am sorry. It's my fault." Joy also comforted her, "As we know, your aunt Sophie is pregnant now, and she will have a baby soon. I was so glad when I got the news just now that I said something wrong. Please forgive me."
	"Really?" Doris smiled like an angel. She said, "Are you too old to say something clearly?"
	"..." Joy didn't know how to respond. She was about 48 years old, and she looked attractive because she did skin care well. Compared with other women at the same age, she looked younger. She would feel bad if someone said that she was old.
	"Doris, could you forgive your grandma?" Chandler asked her, "Look, you will be an elder sister soon, so you should be generous. Right?"
	"Well, since you have apologized to me, I will forgive my grandma." Doris looked magnanimous.
	"Then can't you go to visit your handsome uncle? I think he is very busy at work." Chandler hoped that she could forget it.
	"I can promise you I won't go to visit my handsome uncle." When Doris promised, Chandler felt relieved. However, she kept saying at this time, "But my handsome uncle will come here to see me. I have to see him when he comes here."
	"..." It really made them nervous.
	...
	When Rose came back with Doris after taking a walk, Sophie was standing by the car and waiting for Sky, because Sky went upstairs to take her coat.
	"Rose. Shall we talk?" Sophie asked her when she walked past her.
	Rose said to Doris, "Doris, please come back home first. I will come back later."
	"Mom, I have to stay here to protect you." Doris glanced at Sophie and worried about Rose.
	"I can protect myself. Don't worry." Rose didn't want Doris to be involved in their grudges.
	Doris was reluctant to leave, but she had to come back home first.
	"Rose, I am pregnant now. So Sky loves me more and regards me as his treasure. Please don't bother him anymore." Sophie said to her, "Since you have been the mistress of Mr. Bright, you shouldn't like other men. And I don't think Sky will like you again as you are so cheap."
	"Sophie. I am really glad for you." Rose answered calmly, "And I am not interested in your husband at all."
	"Really? Why did you meet him alone in the beverage shop near the kindergarten this morning? Rose, you should know that he is my husband, and you are with Mr. Bright now. If you try to hurt me, I will send the photos to Mr. Bright." Sophie threatened her and hoped that she wouldn't meet Sky again.
	But Rose really didn't expect that Sophie would have someone spy on them. But she didn't know whether she wanted to monitor her or Sky.
	She could understand why Sophie did this; but if she wanted to monitor Sky, it meant that she didn't completely trust Sky, and she had no sense of security in their marriage.
	It showed that Sophie wasn't as happy as she said.
	It was indeed the best way for her to feel happy by cheating herself.
	"You can do it if you like. If Mr. Bright is really angry, then I am definitely not the only hapless person." Rose wasn't scared at all.
	Mr. Bright is clever, so I think he can distinguish right from wrong. I don't think he will hurt innocent people to ruin his fame." Sophie thought that Bright wouldn't be a fool. If he knew Rose betrayed him, he wouldn't let her go.
	"Then you can have a try. I will wait for Mr. Bright here." Rose said and then left.
	Sophie didn't understand why she could be calm like that, and she wasn't even afraid of being abandoned by Bright. Why could she seduce Bright and become his mistress even though he was married?
	Why didn't his wife care about it? Was it because she didn't dare to hurt Rose?
	That was impossible! Since they got married for the common benefits of their family, the Lee family wouldn't allow Bright to have a mistress outside.
	So she thought that Mrs. Lee might not know that he had a mistress outside at all.
	She thought that she had to get some information about Mrs. Lee.
	"Rose, I know you don't like me, but my baby is innocent, and you are his aunt. How can you curse him like that?" Rose leaned against the car and touched her underbelly with her hands while making a complaint against Rose sadly.
	Rose stopped when she heard that, and then she saw Sky getting out of the house and walking towards her, with a coat in his hands. And he was staring at her.
	"What did you say just now?" Sky asked her.
	"I didn't say anything." Rose wanted to leave.
	However, Sky held her arm and stopped her from leaving. He said to her, "Rose, do you think I will trust you?"
	"I don't think that you will trust me." Rose looked ahead and said, "Let me go."
	"Sky, I feel uncomfortable..." Sophie bent down, and slowly slid down against the car.
	"Stay away from Sophie from now on." Sky said to Rose and then walked towards Sophie quickly.
Chapter 128 Could She Marry Bright
	Although he was warning her, she didn't care about it. He couldn't make her sad anymore.
	She looked at Sky and said, "If Mr. Sky loves your wife so much, I think you can buy a dog leash and tie her to your waistband, so that she won't bark crazily and other people can't get close to her."
	Sky stopped and felt shocked. He saw that Rose was smiling, and he didn't expect that she would talk to him like that.
	Sophie was even angrier when she heard that. She wanted to stand up and Sky held her quickly. He said, "Be careful."
	"Rose, I respect you because you are my sister. How can you humiliate me like this? Rose, you are way out of line!" Sophie felt angry because Rose said that she was a dog.
	She held Sky's hand and said sadly, "Sky, how can she humiliate me like this? Why can she insult us like this?"
	"Rose, please stop insulting us like this. If not, I will try my best to fight against you even though you have the support of Mr. Bright." Sky looked at her coldly and said with anger, "I am a real man. I have to protect my wife. And you can't be so arrogant because of Mr. Bright."
	"Mr. Sky, you shouldn't have a double standard." Rose sneered and asked him seriously, "Why can Sophie do anything she wants because of the support from you? Do you think that no one will love me forever?"
	"Do you envy me because I can be with Mr. Bright even though I have a child? Do you feel unhappy because I am happy now? If I am not happy and even suffer a lot, you will feel happy. Right?"
	Rose knew that Sophie really hoped that she wasn't happy. She always hoped that she could love a better life than Rose, and hoped that her husband could be more excellent.
	"I am so sorry to let you down. I won't go to the dogs or be upset about someone or something unimportant. Instead, I will be better."
	This was the declaration of Rose. She really looked confident.
	Sky didn't know how to respond, and Sophie's face turned pale.
	Five years ago, Sophie envied Rose because Sky loved her so much; And now, she hated Rose more because Bright really cared about the latter.
	Rose was so cheap, and she even made love with a strange man and then gave birth to a child. Why could she live so happily?
	After five years, Rose won. So she felt angry.
	"Rose, you know what? You are just a mistress of Mr. Bright, but I am Mrs. Tanner. When Mr. Bright is not interested in you and doesn't like you anymore, you will be abandoned by him."
	"As we all know, he's married. He won't divorce and then marry you forever. Rose, please think about it. Do you think you are really happy as a mistress like this?"
	Sophie believed that she would be abandoned by Mr. Bright sooner or later. And then she would go to hell."
	"Then let's bet and see if I can become his wife." Rose smiled and she looked like an orchid, which was fragrant and pretty.
	"You are simply daydreaming!" Sophie said firmly and laughed at her.
	Even though Rose wanted to be his wife, she would make Rose fail. She had a plan, and she just needed to ask someone to do it, so that she could protect herself.
	Suddenly, Sophie's feet were hit by a shuttlecock. And then a little girl stood in front of Rose, and she blamed Sophie and Sky, "You are so bad. How can you bully my mom? As long as I am here, I won't allow you to bully my mom."
	"Doris." Rose said to her, "You couldn't eavesdrop."
	"Mom, they are too bad! I can't allow them to bully you." Doris said with sadness, "I promised my dad that I would protect you. If not, he will worry about you in heaven."
	In her mind, her mother was the best one for her. She loved her mother the most, and she couldn't allow anyone to bully her. So she had to protect her mother even though she would be scolded.
	Rose understood what she was thinking about. She held one of her hands and said, "Well, then we can stay away from them."
	Doris nodded with agreement.
	And then they came back home hand in hand. Sky and Sophie looked at them and thought about something.
	Sophie saw that Sky kept looking at Rose until she came back home and closed the door. She envied Rose so much, because she hoped that Sky only loved her.
	"Sky, it's cold." Sophie got close to him.
	Sky stopped looking at Rose when he heard that. He put the coat on her shoulders and then said, "Let's go back home."
	Sophie didn't sleep well that night. She looked at Sky and thought about what happened that night. She didn't understand why Sky looked at Rose with sadness.
	She felt anxious when she thought about it.
	Then she got up late and she looked bad because she didn't sleep well.
	"Sophie, what's wrong with you? Do you need to call the doctor?" May felt worried when she saw her face was pale.
	"I am fine, mom. I just didn't sleep well." Sophie drank the chicken soup cooked by May.
	"You are pregnant now, so you should be careful. I think we'd better call the doctor." May and the Tanner family really cared about her because she was pregnant.
	"Mom, I just feel a bit uncomfortable. Look, I still have a good appetite now. Don't worry. If I really feel very uncomfortable, I will go to see a doctor. After, it's not easy for us to be pregnant and have a baby." Sophie said and then ate some chicken.
	"You will be very tired during this period of time." May knew that she couldn't help her. She said, "I will try my best to take good care of you, and you should pay attention to your own health, too."
	"Thanks, mom. Don't worry." Sophie showed her appreciation to May.
	After lunch, Sophie went out. She called someone in the car.
Chapter 129 Have Someone Ruin Her
	Although she didn't want to meet him, she needed his help. So she called him, "Are you free now?"
	"Why do you call me? Is it because you miss me?" Timothy said.
	"I want to talk with you. If you don't have time, I will call you next time." Sophie said to him coldly.
	Timothy answered at once, "Of course I am free. Whenever you need me, I am here."
	"Then let's meet later and talk with each other." Sophie hung up the phone and texted him the address.
	Sophie got to a tea house with a billycock and sunglasses. So it was hard to recognize who she was.
	She went upstairs and came into the VIP room. She asked the waitress to get out, and then she made kungfu tea by herself. After a while, Timothy came in.
	He sat opposite her. When the tea on the table was boiled, the water vapor raised, looking like mist and clouds.
	Sophie put the tea leaves into the kettle to cook. Finally, she poured the boiled and filtered tea into the small boccaro cup skillfully.
	It smells good with the tea fragrance in the room.
	And Timothy looked at her gently all the time.
	"Please." Sophie took the boccaro cup with tea to him.
	Timothy snickered and took up the boccaro cup of tea and smelled it, and then he drank it slowly. However, he fixed his eyes on her.
	Sophie didn't want him to look at her like that, but she had to smile.
	She took a cup of water. Timothy asked when he saw that, "Why don't you take a cup of tea?"
	"I want to drink some water first." Sophie said and she didn't let him know that she was pregnant. Because he might want to hurt her baby if he knew about it.
	"Do you want to fight against Rose?" She asked and drank some water.
	"Why? Do you dare to offend Mr. Bright?" Timothy knew how powerful Bright was.
	"Do you feel scared?" Sophie put down the cup on the table and looked down upon him. She continued, "She has been the mistress of Bright, but she still attended the blind date with you. Why did she insult you in this way? I think she just wanted to take revenge on you, because she should have had a blind date with Mark, not you. Don't you hate her? Don't you take revenge on her?"
	"I certainly hate her very much. However, she is the mistress of Mr. Bright. Do you dare to offend him?" Timothy asked her.
	"Do you like me?" Sophie asked him suddenly.
	Timothy touched the boccaro cup with tea and snickered, "Of course, I like you."
	"Do you think you like me more or Sky likes me more?" Sophie kept asking.
	"Of course, I like you more." Timothy sworn, "You are the only one who can attract me. Sophie..."
	He moved to sit together with her and held her shoulders with one of his hands while holding her hands with another hand. And he really wanted to make love with her.
	"I don't believe what you said. You should do something to prove that you really like me." Sophie kept a distance from him.
	"What should I do?" Timothy asked because he didn't know what to do.
	"I have a plan to fight against Rose." Sophie said.
	"Do you want to ask me to do it according to your plan?" Timothy knew what she wanted quickly.
	"You don't need to do it by yourself. You can ask someone who is reliable to do it according to my plan." Sophie got close to him and wished.
	Timothy nodded with agreement and he dissolved into laughter.
	Sophie kept a distance from him again and said, "Although we can't let Mr. Bright abandon her and ruin her, I think someone can do it. If she becomes Mrs. Lee, we will be over. So she should do something to fight against her, even to ruin her first."
	"You are so smart." Timothy praised her, "I'll ask someone to do it."
	"What's more, you can't let anybody know that it's my plan." Sophie told him, "If you betray me, it means that you don't love me at all."
	"I won't betray you forever." Timothy said, "What benefits can I get if I do it well?"
	Sophie smiled and kissed his face and said, "Isn't it enough that I am your shtup buddy now? What else do you want?"
	"I want more." Timothy held her head and kissed her lips.
	And then they kissed each other and made out...
	The Lee family in City J
	In the afternoon, Francis Lee was practicing calligraphy in the study room, and Hallie Hill took a bowl of donkey-hide gelatin soup to him. Recently, he often coughed. After the family doctor helped him check him, the doctor told them several soups, and then Hallie often cooked these soups for him.
	"What do you think of my calligraphy?" Francis pointed at the words he wrote and asked Hallie.
	"I think it's vigorous and bold." Hallie answered while picking up the ink stick to rub the ink.
	"You should tell me the truth." Francis tasted the soup and said.
	"I'm telling the truth. I think you have beautiful penmanship." Hallie smiled softly and elegantly.
	At this time, someone knocked at the door. They asked him to come in, and then he said, "Mr. Francis, Mrs. Francis, someone wants to see you and Mrs. Lee."
	"Who?" They wondered who he was.
	"He comes from City H and his name is Cruz Gardner. He said that he had something important to tell you and Mrs. Lee."
	Francis and Hallie looked at each other and then said, "We don't know him, so we don't want to see him."
	"But he said that there was something important about Mr. Bright..."
	"Tell him we don't want to see him."
	"Yes, sir."
	However, the man called Cruz came to the Lee family and wanted to talk with them every day. After three days, Hallie talked with Francis, "Cruz was staying outside these days. I think he must have something important to tell us. How about asking him to come in and talk with him?"
	And then Cruz was allowed to come in. And they talked with him in the living room.
	He was a middle-aged man. He was about 50 years old and he was a bit fat. When he saw Francis, he was scared.
	"Mr. Francis, Mrs. Francis, I am Cruz..." He looked around but didn't see Mrs. Lee.
	"Do you have something important to tell us? If you dare to lie to us, I don't think you can leave safely." Although Francis was almost 60 years old, he didn't look like an old man at all. On the contrary, he looked very strong.
	Cruz didn't dare to look at Francis. He said, "Could I ask where Mrs. Lee is if you don't mind? I think she should know what happened."
	"She's not here. She has come back to her parents' home." Hallie told him gently.
	It made Cruz not so nervous.
	"Could I ask if Mr. Bright and Mrs. Lee get along well with each other if you don't mind?"
Chapter 130 Don't You Want to See Me at All
	Cruz plucked up the courage to ask, but his heart trembled.
	The Lee family lived up to its reputation. They were all powerful and just one glance was enough to crush an ordinary person.
	"What do you mean?" Francis frowned.
	"They have a great relationship." Hallie put her hand over Francis' hand to calm him down. "What are you trying to say?"
	"We heard that CEO Bright is involved with a woman in City H and this woman has a five-year-old child," Cruz said, reaching his main point.
	"What? What did you say?" Francis frowned as he listened. He couldn't believe his son would do such a thing.
	He announced not long ago that he was married, yet now he had an affair. If news got out, how would people view the Lee family? The image of HY Group was bound to be affected, causing fluctuations in the stock price.
	So this was why they didn't want to have a wedding? Because their relationship deteriorated a long time ago?
	Although Francis couldn't control his second son entirely, he didn't want to believe that his son would be a bastard and do such a thing.
	"Do you know what you are talking about? If you are not telling the truth, then it is slander. We can sue you for it!" Hallie's was no longer gentle and looked stern.
	"Do you have evidence?" Francis raised his eyebrows slightly. Only evidence could convince him.
	"There are photos here as proof." Cruz hurriedly took out an envelope from his inner pocket and presented it with both hands.
	The butler who stood on the side took the envelope and gave it to Francis.
	Francis glanced at Cruz before taking out the photos inside.
	He looked at them one by one while his face looked calm and emotionless.
	Hallie took the photos and glanced at them one by one. She also appeared calm, not giving anyone a chance to read her thought from her face.
	Cruz didn't dare to breathe. He only dared to observe their expressions from the corner of his eye and contemplate, but they were emotionless so there was nothing he could guess.
	Francis took the photo and threw it on the coffee table with a loud bang.
	"Where did these photos of yours come from? Are they true?" Francis pointed to the photos on the coffee table. The first one was Bright and Rose. There were also photos of the two holding hands with Doris.
	"I dare not deceive Mr. Francis. These are all true. CEO Bright goes to City H every weekend to spend time with this woman named Rose. That child is her five-year-old daughter named Doris. She is a single mother, and her husband passed away a long time ago. She met CEO Bright when she took over the HY Group's City J Theater project, and then…they got together." Cruz was frightened and hurriedly told the truth.
	"I am a nobody. I dare not slander CEO Bright even with great courage. It's a big thing. I am a reporter, but I dare not publish this. After careful consideration, I finally had the courage to visit and inform you, Mr. Francis."
	"You want money?" When Francis heard him mention that he was a reporter, Francis guessed that he wanted to use this information to get benefits.
	These photos would be banned by Bright as soon as he published them, so he came here to get some benefits. The important thing was that Bright dare does not do anything to his father.
	This was a really good move.
	"I dare not." Cruz shook his head like a rattle.
	His only goal was to stay alive, so he dared not ask for money.
	Besides, the person who entrusted him to do this had already given him a lot of money, otherwise, there was no way he would such a thankless job.
	"Damian, give him a tip," Hallie said to the housekeeper.
	"Thank you, Mr. Francis and Ms. Hallie." Since they wanted to pay him, then he would accept it.
	"You deserve it," Hallie said coldly. "You got what you deserve, so I don't need to remind you what you should do, right?"
	"I understand," Cruz said very well. "I've never been to the Lee family's place, nor have I ever seen these photos. I don't know anything."
	Hallie nodded and glanced at the butler, signaling him to lead Crux out.
	"You come with me." The butler led him out.
	After seeing Crux being led away, Francis became angry. He slammed the table a few times that the teacup moved.
	"This bastard lied to us like this! He got together with a single mother, and the child is five years old?"
	"We can't judge the situation from only his angle. We'll know once we get Bright and Rose to come back. You'll only hurt your body by being anxious." Hallie collected the photos on the coffee table. "Although he has photos as evidence, he is an outsider. We should trust our child."
	"You always favour them." Francis sighed. "Call Bright and ask him to bring Rose back. I look forward to hearing what they will say."
	Hallie had no choice but to pick up the landline and call Bright.
	Bright was in a meeting and saw that the call was from the landline at home, so he had to pause the meeting for five minutes.
	"Bright, I am auntie." Hallie first stated her identity.
	"What do you need? I'm in a meeting." Bright leaned against the metal fence in the corridor, looking into the distance through the glass wall.
	"Your dad asked you to bring Rose home." Hallie conveyed Francis' meaning.
	"Is there a family dinner today? Or is there an important holiday?" Bright thought for a while but didn't think of anything special about today. "If there isn't anything else, I need to continue the meeting."
	"Then I won't bother you anymore. But remember to bring Rose home after work. Your dad's health has been poor recently. You and Rose should go home and see him. Try to get along with him, okay?" Hallie spoke very politely and softly to Bright.
	"I will try my best." Bright hung up the phone then raised his fist and tapped on his forehead a couple of times with the back of his hand.
	Rose was now in City H, so he needed to buy her a plane ticket. He found one that would allow her to get to the Lees' house just in time for dinner.
	Bright had to call Rose. "Are you busy?"
	"Recently, I'm busy with a project." Rose rubbed her sore neck. "What's up?"
	"My dad wants to see you," Bright said without hesitating.
	"Your dad wants to see me?" Rose had a hunch that there was nothing good about it. "Why does he suddenly want to see me? Just tell him that I'm very busy with work or that I'm on a business trip."
	"My dad's health has been poor recently. As his son and daughter-in-law, wouldn't it be a little unreasonable if we don't go back to see him?" Bright reminded her to do her duties as a daughter-in-law of the Lee family. "Besides, we haven't seen each other for half a month, so you don't want to see me at all?"
	"I..." Rose paused. What was he talking about? Why would she miss him?
	But she didn't dare to say this to Bright – it might hurt his self-confidence.
	"What's wrong with you? Do you miss me?" Bright began to ask her persistently.
Chapter 131 I Want No One But You
	Bright's voice sounded as nice as always, low and magnetic, like an elegant piano.
	The way he questioned her was attractive, yet he wasn't aware. It made Rose was a little bit shy, feeling that her ears were heating up.
	She pressed her dry lips together and changed the subject to not answer the difficult question. "I'm still at work, and I can't leave at this time."
	"You don't have to worry about this. Just tell Mr. Matthew that there are some issues with City J Theater that can only be resolved with you coming to City J as soon as possible." Bright had already thought of an excuse. As long as he asked for it, Matthew would let her go.
	"I see..." Rose felt that even though the excuse was good enough, it might seem a little fake.
	"Of course. Otherwise, what do you want to do?" Bright curled his lips. "How about I tell him that I want to see you?"
	"No, don't..." Rose stopped him. If he told Matthew that, then she would be very embarrassed. "You can tell him. It's getting late."
	"Okay." Bright glanced at the diamond watch on his wrist. Five minutes had passed, so he couldn't delay any longer. Some things could wait until Rose arrived at City J before he told her.
	Bright returned to the meeting room and whispered to Bill, "Book a plane ticket for Rose so she can arrive at the Lees' house at six…Repeat my words to Mr. Matthew."
	"Yes, CEO Bright." Bill went to work.
	Bright resumed the meeting. Rose on the other side received a call from Matthew as Bright said, asking her to wrap up her work and immediately go to City J.
	And so, Rose left City H ahead of time, returned to the Linder's to tidy up, and hurried to the airport.
	The flight was at a quarter past three and would arrive at City J in two hours.
	Although Rose was a little worried about Doris because she didn't tell Doris, she asked Nora to help pick up the child. If Nora was there, Rose wasn't worried that Doris would get bullied.
	Although she experienced hardships that ordinary people wouldn't have gone through, she still felt that God took care of her and she was very lucky. She had Jane to help her in City Y and Nora in City H. The friends she made in her life were better than her relatives.
	Rose worked on the designs for Beach Hotel on the plane, so two hours passed very quickly.
	After she got off the plane and walked out of the tunnel, she saw Bright standing in the crowd at first glance.
	She didn't expect that he would pick her up in person, which overwhelmed her.
	He wore a custom suit. Although it was a simple white shirt with a black suit, it looked particularly good on him and made him so handsome that he was sure to win the heart of every girl.
	At a glance, he was the focal point and naturally attracted her attention.
	Several girls in their teens and 20s gathered around. One of them asked, "Are you a celebrity?"
	Bright was still as calm as usual despite being surrounded by several girls. "No."
	"You're not? How come you look more handsome than a celebrity? Then who are you."
	"It doesn't matter who I am, little girl. What matters is that you study hard." Bright also saw Rose coming out and waved at her.
	"Is she your girlfriend?" He was so tall and handsome. It was a pity that he had a girlfriend.
	"She's my wife." Bright disillusioned them right away.
	Rose walked to Bright's side. He held her hand to show the girls.
	The girls said in embarrassment, "Excuse us, then."
	"Why do handsome men get married early? We have no chance..."
	Rose looked at the backs of the girls who were whispering and pulled her hand back. "Mr. Bright is well-liked everywhere. Every girl is attracted to you."
	"Every girl is attracted to me, but I only want Mrs. Lee." Bright brought a flower out of nowhere right in front of her and gave it to her. "Do you like it?"
	"This is a sign that Mr. Bright has a lot of money." Rose sniffed the flower lightly. "Why not spend it on charity?"
	"You don't have to worry about this. HY Group, even my father, and I donate a lot of money to charity every year." Bright grabbed the 20-inch suitcase from her hand and said, "Mrs. Lee, let's go home."
	The words "go home" sounded very warm.
	Rose was moved, feeling that she longed for a home in her heart.
	And this man was also Doris' biological father. It wouldn't be a bad idea if they could form a happy family and live that way for the rest of their lives.
	As he walked, Bright took out his phone and made a call to the driver to ask him to drive over.
	After they walked out, they waited for a while and the car came. He first opened the door for Rose and watched her get in the car before putting the suitcase in the trunk. He got into the car from the other side.
	"Back to the Lees' villa." Bright ordered the driver.
	Rose put the flower on her lap. Although she had met Bright's father and aunt, she was still nervous.
	Bright reached out and held her hand in his palm. "You are not meeting them for the first time. You are still nervous?"
	"Your dad is a powerful businessman. Whoever meets him will get nervous. Do you think I am someone like you?" Rose had a premonition because otherwise, Francis wouldn't be this urgent to see her. "Tell me honestly. Is there is a problem?"
	"I don't know either." Bright also guessed that it was not only because of his father's health that he asked them to go back. "But I am here. When the time comes, we'll just have to deal with it."
	What else could Rose say?
	"Tired?" Bright tried to lighten the mood. "If you are tired, just lean on me and rest for a while. I'll wake you up when we are home."
	"Okay." These days, she had been busy with the bidding project between the Linder family and the Tanner family on Beach Hotel. She slept less than eight hours and sometimes slept only five or six hours. She hated being sleep deprived.
	Bright reached out and pressed Rose's head to his shoulder, letting her rest by leaning on him.
	She also stayed still obediently and closed her eyes.
	It took thirty to forty minutes to arrive at the Lees' villa. Bright grabbed the suitcase and went in the Lees' with Rose.
	Damian, the housekeeper, immediately notified Francis and Hallie.
	They had been sitting in the living room waiting for them to come back.
	"After Bright and Rose are here, you have to talk to them nicely and not get angry. You scared Rose last time. What you scare away our daughter-in-law?" Hallie calmed Francis in advance.
	"You said it several times. My memory isn't that bad," Francis took a sip of the tea and spoke. "If what that person said is true, how can I not get angry?"
	"You have to say it nicely. After all, she's our guest." Hallie smiled slightly. "My husband is a righteous man and the best father."
Chapter 132 She Is His Lover
	Hallie flattered Francis just so he can be happy.
	"All you do is coax me and make me happy." Francis smiled helplessly and shook his wife's hand.
	As soon as he saw that Bright had already taken Rose into the living room, his face became cold once again in just a second. He pulled back his hand and sat upright, showing authority as a fatherly figure.
	"Dad, auntie," Both said politely.
	"Rose must be tired having flown all the way here. Have a seat." Hallie greeted her warmly.
	"I'm not tired. I rested in the car for a while. I feel better now." Rose was indeed much better than before.
	She quickly got her suitcase and opened it to take out some gifts and put them on the coffee table.
	"Our last meeting was too rushed, so I didn't prepare anything. This time I heard that dad is not in a good health. I bought these for Dad. A doctor who was a classmate of mine recommended them. They are good for the body," Rose was afraid that Francis would dislike her for buying randomly, so she explained. "I know dad isn't short of anything. These things are not expensive, but I hope that dad can accept them as a token of regard from the daughter-in-law."
	As an upper-class family, the Lee family wasn't short of anything, but what she wanted to show was her concern.
	The gift was trifling, but the feeling was profound.
	She also felt that something bad would happen and hoped that the small token of regard could help prevent Francis from becoming overly angry.
	After all, she had seen him become angry, and it was very terrifying.
	She didn't like being smashed by teacups.
	"Thanks." Francis nodded, thinking that Rose still had a sense of filial duty. She was a good girl, someone who didn't seem like the type to do that kind of thing.
	"This so kind of you, Rose." Hallie looked at those things. "Auntie would like to thank you in your dad's place."
	Bright looked at Rose. She sure knew how to prepare that she even kept it a secret from him.
	"What are you standing up for? Have a seat," Francis said.
	Bright pulled on Rose, who had been standing and talking, and sat down. "Dad, you look much better, right?"
	"Are you disappointed that you haven't pissed me off enough that I died?" Francis glared at his unscrupulous son. "My daughter-in-law is much better and buys me supplements. I can't rely on my son."
	"Dad, Rose and I are husband and wife, and I have a share of the things she buys." Bright took credit as usual. "Besides, you can't have a daughter-in-law without your son, right? This is because your son has good taste, so he chose such a sensible and dutiful daughter-in-law. Dad, I know you are happy."
	Bright said and glanced at Rose, who was sitting obediently beside him. His gaze was gentle.
	"Hmm! I only complimented you a bit, and you've become arrogant." Francis snorted coldly. "I happen to have something to ask you."
	"What's the matter?" Bright became nervous. He knew this was what his dad asked them to come back for.
	Francis threw the photos Cruz had given them on the coffee table.
	Bright leaned over and picked up the photos, which were all photos of him and Rose or him, Rose, and Doris.
	Rose also saw the photos, and when she saw Doris, she clenched her fists and turned pale.
	How could Francis have these photos? Did he send someone to investigate her?
	After all, she was married to Bright. As the lady of an upper-class family, how could someone become part of the Lee family as the daughter-in-law without an investigation? Even if Francis accepted her, it didn't mean that he wouldn't investigate anything about her... Then how much did he know about her past?
	Would he even know about what happened five years ago...? She had done a very subtle and thorough job so that no one except those she trusted the most would know.
	Rose could only hear her nervous heartbeat...
	"Dad, are you investigating us? No, it should be Rose," Bright pinched a corner of the photo and asked coldly.
	Naturally, Francis didn't bother to answer. Hallie hurriedly explained, "Bright, Rose, don't get me wrong. It's not your dad who investigated."
	"Then where did these photos come from?" Bright threw the photos on the coffee table.
	"You and Rose really got married? You didn't lie to me to make me happy, right?" Francis remembered Cruz's saying that Francis had a lover, so he was afraid that Bright found a woman randomly to comfort him.
	He truly wanted Bright to start a family. After all, a 30-year-old man should have a family. Only by having a virtuous wife to take care of him, he would be able to focus on his career without having to worry about his family.
	Ever since he took over the company, he lived in Gingko Villa by himself. Although there was a housekeeper to take care of him, living by himself was too lonely. He needed a wife to form a family.
	"Dad, you are good at cracking jokes. Why should I lie to you about marriage?" Bright couldn't help but laugh. "I didn't bring the marriage certificate. I will bring it to you tomorrow to have a look. Or you can call the Civil Affairs Bureau to check if I have registered with Rose."
	They were registered at the Civil Affairs Bureau of City J back then. Francis had the connections to find what he wanted with a single phone call.
	Francis wasn't doubtful anymore when he heard what Bright said. The lover that the man mentioned was Rose, which meant that they didn't know that Bright's wife was Rose.
	"Do you know what the person who took these photos said?" Francis raised his thick eyebrows, looking carefully at the expressions on Bright and Rose's faces.
	"How did he say?" Bright asked.
	"He said you had a lover behind your wife's back—"
	Before Francis finished speaking, Bright continued, "This is nonsense!"
	Rose stared at Bright, her eyes looking at him seriously.
	"Dear, why are you looking at me like this? You don't believe me?" Bright felt that Rose's suspicious eyes were very scary.
	"Not at all." Rose smiled lightly. "I know that Mr. Bright has always been very charming, and it is not surprising that women are chasing after him."
	"Dear, are you salty?" Bright smirked.
	"I'm sweet and spicy." Rose rolled her eyes at him elegantly. What a narcissist.
	"But I want to make it clear that I really have no other woman except you." Bright was also very serious.
	"Oh," Rose responded lightly, but she still felt a bit bitter.
	"Dear, what do you mean by oh? You just don't believe me?" Bright frowned, feeling that he couldn't explain himself. "Would you rather trust someone else?"
	"Rose, you misunderstood." Hallie saw that Bright was very anxious, so she spoke to explain. "The lover that we referred to is you."
	What?
	She was his lover?
Chapter 133 How to Prove That the Child Is Yours
	Bright and Rose felt that they had been shocked.
	The two of them looked at each other slowly and tacitly. What was going on? Both of them were confused.
	"This person probably didn't know that Rose was Mrs. Lee, so he thought Rose was Bright's lover," Hallie explained the relationship again.
	"Who is this person?" Bright's eyes were fierce and as dark as ink.
	"What do you want to do? Get back at him?" Francis guessed Bright's intentions.
	"Someone like him doesn't want us to be happy. He needs to be dealt with!" Bright pressed his fingertips against the table. "If we don't teach him a lesson, he will continue to harm others! Fortunately, I didn't do anything wrong and my wife is also righteous, otherwise, there would be a serious misunderstanding."
	Bright reached out to hold Rose's hand and placed it in his palm.
	"Smart talk." Rose struggled lightly, trying to withdraw her hand.
	Bright held her hand tightly and interlocked fingers so that she couldn't escape at all. "Only for you."
	He wouldn't bother doing it with anyone else.
	In fact, he was not born as a cold person. It was just that he was only willing to be gentle to her.
	"We are done with this matter for the time being. But what about the child in the photo?" In fact, Francis' focus was on the child.
	Faced with this difficult question, Rose became stiff that even the tips of her fingers instantly became cold.
	Bright felt her whole body go from relaxed to tense and became aware that she was flustered.
	"Dad, the child—"
	Francis interrupted Bright and stared at him sharply. "I'm asking Rose. Don't talk unless I asked you to speak."
	"That person said that you were once married then your husband died, and this child is the child of you and your first husband, right?"
	Rose met Francis' questioning gaze without fear.
	"Rose, as long as I want to know, I have a way to get the truth. Now I hope you can tell me honestly."
	Rose took a deep breath secretly and felt Bright holding her hand even more tightly as she was about to answer the question.
	She turned her head to look at Bright next to her. He frowned slightly, and his eyes told her not to tell the truth, or at least not say what truly happened.
	But Rose didn't want to deceive and conceal the truth. Faced with Francis' trust and Hallie's gentleness, she couldn't lie to them.
	"Dad, I have never been married, and the child belongs to me," Rose replied briefly.
	Francis did not speak immediately but was thinking about her answer and how to continue the conversation.
	"The child belongs to you. She's not Bright's child and not the Lee family's child."
	Rose lowered her long eyelashes slightly to cover the sadness in her eyes. She bit her lip and was prepared to nod lightly.
	"Dad, the child belongs to me." Bright still spoke out despite his father's warning.
	Rose looked up in surprise, staring at him with round eyes. Her eyes widened with surprise and her heart trembled violently.
	Did he know the child belonged to him?
	No... impossible. How would he know?
	Rose continued to breathe deeply, and even her eyes were moist. She told herself to be calm.
	She squeezed her other fist that her knuckles turned white.
	"The child is five years old, but you got married three years ago. Why say that the child belongs to you?" Francis thought Bright was lying.
	The timing wasn't right at all, and they didn't know each other at that time.
	"Dad, I met Rose five years ago. At that time, I didn't tell her my true identity. She thought I hid my identity and approached her because I thought of her as one of those women who love money, so she left me out of anger. I was young at that time and didn't look for her, so we were apart for two years."
	"After she left me, she found out that she was pregnant. But she was stubborn, so she didn't tell me or didn't look for me. Until three years ago, I met her again and realized that I hadn't gotten over her in the past two years. She also still had feelings for me. Since we all still have feelings for each other and have children, we decided to be together again to make up for what we originally regretted and become a complete family for the child."
	"Dad, this is how things are. It was my fault at first. Don't blame Rose. She suffered a lot these years as she raised the child by herself. I just want to use the rest of my life to make up for her."
	Bright said affectionately. As he gazed at Rose, his eyes were also very gentle, as if nothing in the world could compare with Rose. There was a dark light flowing in his eyes, like a galaxy.
	Rose was stunned by his gaze. She felt like a baby being held in the palm of his hand, cared for and safe.
	But what Bright said was all false. The feelings between them never existed. The only real things were their marriage and the child, but he didn't know that the child actually belonged to him and was a member of the Lee family.
	And she would not say it, dared not say it, and could not say it.
	Rose's eyes gradually became hot and moist. Even if these words were false and the love was false, they still moved her.
	"Moved?" Bright looked at her red eyes and gently hugged her in his arms.
	"Bright, I didn't expect you to say that." Rose pursed her lips before bursting into tears and smiling. She lowered her voice and spoke into his ear, "You are not afraid that I would pester you in the future?"
	"How are you going to pester me?" Bright stroked the long hair that fell on her back with his palm.
	"The three-year marriage contract is coming to an end in a blink of an eye. You are not afraid that I will not sign or divorce, and continue occupying the position of Mrs. Lee?" Rose spoke softly. "I know that things are so much easier as Mrs. Lee. I don't need to care about what others think, and everyone treats me respectfully."
	"There is no three-year agreement and no divorce. You can be Mrs. Lee at ease." Bright promised solemnly.
	Rose's heart tightened and she gently moved away from his arms.
	She obviously just made a joke with him. Was he serious?
	"I do what I say." Bright felt that this marriage was not as bad as he had imagined. Being with Rose and Doris made him very happy. Perhaps this was the family he wanted.
	"Are you stupid?" Rose stretched out her hand to put her palm on his forehead. "You obviously know what I'm talking about..."
	"I'm not kidding." Bright pulled down her hand and held it. "Dare continue with me?"
	"Ahem..." Francis interrupted the sweet and affectionate couple and reminded them, "Bright, do you know what you are talking about? You can't just randomly recognize someone as your flesh and blood, especially for families like our Lee family."
	"Dad, I can be responsible for what I say. How could I not recognize my child?" For Bright, Doris was no different from his biological daughter. Otherwise, how would he feel so close to her?
	"Then what evidence do you have to prove that the child is yours?" Francis looked at the two.
Chapter 134 Do a Paternity Test
	After all, the Lee family was second to none and was very famous in the country. They must be careful in this aspect because they would become a joke if they couldn't even recognize their children.
	Both Bright and Rose understood Francis' rigorousness. After all, it was a matter of the Lee family's bloodline, so how could they get by easily?
	Rose was very nervous. Doris was indeed Bright's child, a descendant of the Lee family, but she couldn't admit that or let them know.
	She was afraid that what happened five years ago would be exposed. What would Bright think of her then?
	She schemed against Bright to save a man who didn't trust her at all and even betrayed her. She was quite brave.
	Bright would definitely resent her, and Doris would know that she was not born as a result of the love that her parents have for each, but as a tool to save someone. This would be traumatic for a child.
	Bright squeezed Rose's already cold hand once again, as if giving her strength and warmth, "Dad, I said that the child is mine, so she's mind. What more evidence is needed? I won't mistake someone else for my child. Don't worry."
	"Moreover, Rose is not the kind of woman you think she is. If she was like that, we wouldn't have met after two years of separation and gotten married then."
	Bright knew his father's worries. He was afraid that Rose would use the child as a bargaining chip to become Mrs. Lee to covet their family's power.
	"I know you will be unhappy if I say this, but I have to be cautious about the blood of the Lee family." Francis was frank about it.
	"What I need to see is evidence. Let's go to the hospital's testing center for a paternity test. If this child is from the Lee family, then naturally she would return to the Lee family. We will do our best to compensate you and your child. Rose, does this work for you?"
	Although Rose didn't show any changes in her emotions, she was in a dilemma.
	She obviously didn't want Bright and Doris to do a paternity test. As soon as they did it, all the years and efforts she spent hiding the truth would be wasted.
	On the day when the truth became clear, what Bright said just now would be nonsense. Not only would she lose this marriage, but she would also lose Doris.
	Francis already made it clear that they wouldn't let a member of the Lee family go unrecognized, and all members return to the Lee family.
	After Doris returned to the Lee family, she would be expelled from the Lee family.
	Because of her scheme and deceit...no man could bear such humiliation.
	She didn't want this to happen, but it happened after all.
	What could she do to avoid it?
	"Dad, why mention such a serious matter?" But Bright's mental perception was that Doris was not his child, so there was no way he would do a paternity test.
	The most trusted doctor in the hospital, which his father chose, wouldn't help him hide the truth.
	Once the truth became revealed, his marriage with Rose would be over, let alone the child.
	"It's important, so we must be rigorous." Francis frowned. "What? You don't want to?"
	"Dad, the child is young now, so she won't understand why she needs to do the test. But once she's older, she would understand that we did it because we were suspicious. It would only scar her and make her resent us."
	"It's not for you to take the child to the hospital. Rose will bring the child over, and we just need to get one or two of her hair here. If we don't say anything, how would she be scarred!" Francis chuckled, as if he had already understood something. "Are you reluctant because you feel guilty? That child is not yours at all, so you dare not take her for a paternity test."
	"Dad, no. I am thinking about my child, and I know my child. Why do I have to do a paternity test? Would I mistake someone else's child for mine and bring her back to the Lee family?" Bright confronted his father. "I have the right to decide whether to do it for my child!"
	"You just don't want to do a paternity test, right?" Francis' fierce eyes swept across Bright and stopped on Rose, who had been silent. "Your attitude gives me no choice but to suspect that the child does not belong to the Lee family."
	"Yes, the child is not from the Lee family—" Rose finally admitted after a dilemma but was interrupted by Bright. "What are you talking about?"
	Didn't he already hint that she left everything to him? She just needed to keep quiet and not speak.
	At this time, she denied that the child was not his. Then would his father still accept her?
	"Dad, don't listen to her nonsense. She is just angry." Bright found an excuse and explained.
	"Bright, shut up! Let her speak!" Francis narrowed his eyes out of anger and stared at Rose's calm face.
	Hallie saw that Francis was on the verge of anger. The current situation was indeed very difficult.
	"Dear, listen to what Rose says. Don't be angry."
	"Something important like this can affect the Lee family's reputation. How can I not get angry?" Francis didn't want to be become a grandpa without knowing the truth. It would be disrespectful to the Lee family's ancestors.
	"Dad, you are angry right now, so I'll take Rose back." Bright held Rose's hand and was about to lead her out.
	Francis also stood up, yelling to stop him, "Stop right there!"
	Bright stopped in his tracks. "Dad, when you calm down, we can sit down and talk. Now I don't want to make you angry, nor do I want to quarrel with you. How about I leave?"
	He didn't want Rose to talk and say something wrong. He didn't want his father to look down on her and didn't want her to be wronged at all.
	He only needed to find a good time to talk to his father about this matter by himself. It didn't matter if his father beat him and scolded him. He could bear with it.
	And so, he insisted on leaving with Rose. Seeing the way Bright protected Rose and didn't respect him or consider his feelings and the reputation the Lee family built up after generations, Francis' anger flowed like a river that couldn't be stopped.
	"Do you think this matter is over if you leave?" Francis stared at his back.
	"It's better to let the children calm down." Hallie stepped forward to manage the conflict between the father and the son.
	"Don't protect them anymore. They are all thirty years old, so why treat them like children?" Francis saw that Bright had no intention of repenting. He was so angry that when he glanced at the teacup on the coffee table, he reached out picked it.
	Hallie stepped forward and grabbed his arm to prevent Francis from throwing the teacup.
	"Don't do this. This will hurt your relationship with your son the most. It also won't solve the problem. You should still talk to him." Hallie didn't want their father and son conflict to escalate.
	The teacup in Francis' hand was taken away by his wife. "Bright, go. If you walk out of this house today, then don't return in the future!"
Chapter 135 Let's Divorce
	"Not only will you not be able to return to this house, but I will also treat you as if you are not my son. You better not view me as your father either!" Francis said very seriously.
	When they heard his words, Bright was not scared, but Rose was frightened.
	Rose felt that it was her fault. She was the one who burdened Bright. She couldn't selfishly destroy their relationship as father and son.
	She held Bright's wrists with both hands, pulling him back to prevent him from taking another step.
	Bright looked sideways at Rose, who was preventing him from leaving and had worries in her eyes.
	He raised his other hand and slowly stroked her face and temples. "Are you worried about me?"
	"Bright, it's not worth it for me." Rose frowned and shook her head slightly. "Moreover, Doris is not your flesh and blood. You don't need to go this far for us."
	"I don't want to cause a conflict between you and your dad, nor do I want you to do anything for me, and I don't want to owe you more. It was fate that you met. I am very grateful for the care and protection you have given me during this time. Now that the three-year deadline is approaching, let's get a divorce."
	She spoke softly about the divorce, but her voice choked slightly.
	She originally thought that she would not care about this contract marriage or Bright. Their identities were very different, and their relationship only existed to benefit both of them. She thought she would be freed when it ended, and she could feel at ease once again from them on. But she didn't expect that when the day to end it actually came, not only did she not feel free, but she also felt more sorrow than she had expected.
	How did she become like this? Did she really become emotionally attached to Bright? That she would be so reluctant to part with him.
	"So what I just said was for nothing? Or did you not listen to a single word?" Bright did not expect that she would even mention the three-year period or divorce. "I don't want to repeat myself, but I will make an exception for you."
	He grabbed her shoulders and stared at her in the eyes, forcing her to look at him too.
	"The three-year period is nullified. We think we can have another three years or even many more three years. Don't you want to be with me for three years and three years and more?"
	"I…" Rose didn't know how to respond.
	Her eyes moved out of internal conflict. She wanted to, but she didn't dare to say it.
	"Don't even think about running away from me, Mrs. Lee. Even if you can run away, I can get you back and keep you close to me. If you don't believe me, try it."
	He even raised his eyebrows in such a carefree manner, lightening the mood.
	"Bright, this isn't a joke." Rose glanced at Francis. "I am grateful that you protected me and Doris. But your father cannot live without you as his son. Just like I can't lose Doris. I can understand your father's feelings, so don't start a conflict with your father because of me."
	"I said that the child belongs to me. You just nod your head." Bright knew that she couldn't lie to his father. "I will handle the rest and give my father a satisfactory answer."
	"I don't want Doris doing a paternity test." She really didn't want to. She was afraid. Who would understand her feelings? But she couldn't tell the truth and could only make things up. "She is so young, and she would be scared. As you said, what if she finds out once she's older and is scarred for life…besides, she's not your child. We already know the result of the test, so why should we still go through the process only to prove ourselves right?"
	"I won't let Doris get hurt," Bright said domineeringly. "I said we are not doing the test, so we will not be doing it."
	"So I want to admit that Doris is not your child, so your father won't force you anymore." Rose thought of the only way to solve the problem.
	This would not only keep the story of Doris' life a secret, but also would ensure that no conflict would arise between Bright and his father because of the paternity test.
	"You want me to go back on my word? Wouldn't I feel ashamed?" Bright was proud and did not accept Rose's suggestion. "To me, she is my daughter. This will not change."
	"Bright, why are you making things difficult for yourself?" She pursed her lips helplessly.
	"How am I making things difficult for myself? I am having fun." Bright smiled lightly, no longer cold, but gentle only to her. "Leave it to me. Don't you trust me?"
	"I don't believe you. I don't want to—" Rose's words were replaced by Bright. "You don't want to hurt me and owe me. We are married, so how could you think of it as burdening me? I'm not doing it all for you. I am selfish."
	"Selfish?" She frowned with confusion in her eyes.
	It seemed to her that he wouldn't get any benefit by doing this and was even threatened by his father that he would be disowned.
	"I want you and Doris to be with me. I want to have a family."
	"…"
	Bright slowly turned around to look at Francis. "Dad, let's each take a step back and reach a compromise."
	"I'm your father!" Francis yelled. He was the father, yet he had to compromise with his son?
	"Dad, if you are going to act all high-and-mighty, then we can't have a discussion." Bright looked at Francis firmly with a clear attitude.
	"Dear, there is nothing that can't be solved between father and son by talking," Hallie hurriedly mediated. "Why don't you two go in the study? I'll accompany Rose and stay in the living room."
	"It's fine, Ms. Hallie. We won't inconvenience you with taking care of her," Bright held Rose's hand and spoke. "You go upstairs to my bedroom and rest for a while. After I reach an agreement with my father, I'll come to find you. The innermost room on the second floor is my bedroom."
	"Okay." Rose could only listen obediently.
	And so, Rose went to Bright's bedroom, and Bright and Francis went to the study.
	There was only Hallie left in the living room, and the lively living room just now became quite deserted.
	She sat on the sofa in the living room and brought the teacup to her mouth, but it was already a bit cold.
	Rose followed Bright's instructions into his bedroom in the Lee's. The minimalist bedroom was painted in black, white, and gray. Although the colors were cool, they worked well together and didn't give off a gloomy feel at all. On the contrary, the room was refreshing. The details were also elegant and delicate, worthy of being Bright's bedroom. It had a strong personal style.
	Rose walked to the big bed and stroked the gray silk velvet quilt. There were a few white and black lines on the top of the quilt, which were simple and tasteful.
	She stroked the quilt and walked to the dresser on the side. There were some trophies that Bright won when he was a child. There were even awards for technological inventions, so he was a person with a high IQ.
	She observed the entire room. There were photos of Bright, and there were also photos of him with his father, but there was no photo of his mother.
	Was this a bit unusual? Or did he put it elsewhere?
Chapter 136 You Got My Feelings for You?
	Bright was so handsome and outstanding, resembling Francis at 60 percent, and the other 40 percent, his mother.
	Then how incredibly beautiful would his mother be? Rose was quite curious.
	While thinking, she saw Bright walking over on the carpet.
	"What are you looking at?" Bright saw a childhood photo of himself in her hand.
	"Fancy! Mr. Lee was so cute and lovely in the childhood and smiled so brightly. But why do you always keep a straight face now?" Rose put back the photo of the 3-year-old Bright with bright smile on his face.
	"I will smile just for you." Since understanding his true feeling, Bright quite knew how to speak words of love.
	Rose gave him a glance, and her ears began to turn hot.
	"Why can't you hear me sweet-talk?" Bright found her strange look, "It seems that Mrs. Lee hasn't heard enough, so let me talk more to make you accustomed."
	Rose turned around to show her back to him, "Have it been solved? Will you still insist on paternity test?"
	Bright put his arms around her waist from her back, and embraced her, "Of course. He is my father, and I know him very well."
	"What did you say so that you father has changed his mind?" Rose's curiosity was ignited by him.
	"This is a secret." Bright raised his lips and smiled complacently.
	"There is no secret between couples, right?" At this moment, Rose said "couples" so fluently and naturally.
	"I will consider to tell you if you kiss me." Bright lowered his head and his hot breath lingered around her fair and sensitive neck.
	Rose pulled away his hand and left his embrace. Bright walked forward and then pulled her onto the big bed.
	She was beneath him, looking at his eyes, with strong affection. Their warm gazes contained all the deep love.
	If it had not been today, Rose would have thought that she couldn't be sure about her feelings for Bright.
	If it had not been today, Rose would not have known that Bright fell in love with her.
	Were they having affection for each other?
	"Bright…" She called him softly, "Why haven't you divorced?"
	"I don't want to." He had such a wife that he was quite satisfied with. Why would he divorce? Was he looking for trouble?
	"Because… You like me?" She asked directly.
	Rose's gaze flew like the galaxy, sweeping across his deep eyes. She ran her fair fingers against his chiseled face, and every movement deeply impressed him.
	Bright grabbed her hand and pulled it down. He lowered his head and kissed her on her beautiful cherry lips.
	Rose opened widely her eyes instinctively, and he kissed so carefully and softly, which made her relaxed gradually. She closed her eyes slowly, chasing tenderness with his rhythm, with enchanted heart. He dominated and she obeyed.
	Rose didn't come back from the intoxication just now to the reality until Bright took the initiative to end the kiss. But she had an irregular heartbeat, and her fair skin turned red. Her eyes were blurred and charming, with plenty of fascination.
	Bright's breath was deep and heavy, with moisturized thin lips and lightly narrowed eyes. His sexy and attractive appearance exuded masculine charm. Looking at Bright who was so attractive, Rose exclaimed his handsomeness.
	"Do you feel it?" Bright ran his fingertips against her red and slightly swollen lips.
	"What?"
	"My affection for you. I only want to kiss you." He was expressing his love to her implicitly.
	Rose smiled with shyness, like a blooming peony, beautiful and aromatic.
	At this time, someone knocked on the door, "Mr. and Mrs. Lee, Madam had me inform you that the meal is ready."
	"OK. In a minute." Bright said with a hoarse voice because of accelerated pulse.
	He sat up and stretch out his hands to help Rose sit up, "I have promised my father that I will stay here tonight."
	"Stay here tonight?" Looking at him, Rose felt a little uneasy.
	Then they had to sleep in the same bedroom, and even on the same bed?
	They were couples and she also liked him, so it should be okay if they slept together, but she was still very nervous.
	Except the intimacy of 5 years ago, she was as pure as a blank sheet of paper, not knowing much about sex.
	She didn't know what would happen between him and her. She seemed not to have prepared herself for their relationship, which would change from a nominal couple to a real one.
	"What are you thinking about?" Bright said, seeing her looking down blankly.
	"No… nothing." Rose immediately held back her uneasiness, and smiled.
	"Really?" He asked again.
	Rose knew that she couldn't cheat him with such an appearance. She looked at the photo of Bright in his childhood, together with Francis, "I am thinking why there is no photo of your mother? What did she look like?"
	"My grandparents said that my mother passed away when I was only one-year-old. My father was very sad. Grandparents said they didn't want my father to see the photos and think of my mother, so they burnt all the photos of my mother over her grave. Since I could remember, my family had never mentioned my mother, and I don't know what my mother looks like." Bright draped his arms around her shoulder, and sneered at himself.
	There should be no one who didn't know mother's appearance even in adulthood like him.
	"You can't remember because you were so young at that time, but in addition to the photos, is there no other way to know? For example, do your mother's parents have her photos? Or your mother's relatives or friends?" Rose felt very strange.
	If Francis was really sad, he should leave himself at least one for his last nostalgia.
	Why did she feel that the Lee family didn't want Bright to know his mother? Was there any secret?
	"I was brought up by my grandmother, and have no impression or no affection about my mother. And I don't think it would change anything even if I know what she looked like." Bright thought there was indifference in his nature, and he didn't rely on emotion.
	After hearing what Bright said, Rose knew that Bright became like this because he had noticed that the Lee family didn't want him to know about his mother.
	Suddenly, she felt pitiful for Bright. His mother passed away at an early age and he didn't know about her during these 30 years.
	Wasn't he curious about what his mother looked like?
	"But she is your mother, after all. How about we going to visit your mother's grave and have a look at her?" Rose suggested.
	"No. My mother's grave is not in City J. It is far away, and we don't have to bother ourselves." Bright stood up and took her hand. He didn't want to talk much about his mother, "Let's go downstairs, and don't make my father wait long. If he turns angry and goes back on his words, it will be very troublesome."
	"Really?"
	"It is so easy to fool you."
	"Bright!"
Chapter 137 I Will Love You More
	Bright and Rose went downstairs. When they walked into the dining room, Francis and Hallie had already taken their seats, as well as Zoe and Stefan.
	"Brother, Rose." Zoe and Stefan called them politely.
	Bright nodded lightly as usual as a reply. Rose said with smile, "Good evening."
	"Let's dig in." As the head of the family, Francis moved his chopsticks first, and then the rest began to eat.
	Hallie, who sat by Francis' side, took up a bowl, filled it with chicken soup and then handed to him, "Have some soup first."
	Francis nodded and took up the bowl to have the soup.
	Hallie looked at Bright, "Bright, help Rose to fill the bowl with the chicken soup simmered for hours. It is nutritious and delicious."
	Rose hurried to shake her head, "No thanks. I will help myself."
	Bright took up the bowl and filled it for her, "Just have a taste."
	"Thanks." Rose got a little shy.
	Such an honorable man like Bright helped her fill the bowl with soup, which would definitely be quite shocking to other people.
	Besides, it was her who had been married into the rich and powerful Lee family. Logically, she had to serve Bright.
	Rose was lost in thought for a while and also took up the bowl to fill it with soup for Bright, "Here you are."
	A trace of warm smile emerged on Bright's handsome face, which was always expressionless. The soup seemed to be particularly delicious because of her.
	Looking at them serve each other, Zoe said, "Brother, Rose, you are so devoted to each other."
	There was none of envy or wish in her words, where Rose felt kind of jealousy.
	It seemed that she had brother complex. Rose suddenly became Bright's wife, which meant that Rose had robbed her of her beloved brother. She said so because she did not adapted to it or she couldn't accept it so soon.
	"What's wrong?" Bright lightly rolled his eyes, keeping cold and imperturbable.
	"Nothing." Zoe looked down to eat something.
	"Brother, Zoe is envying your good relationship. She wants to find a boyfriend like you in the future." Stefan explained for Zoe.
	Unexpectedly, he seemed to be causing more trouble because Zoe kept an angry face, and hurried to retort, "I don't want to find a boyfriend. Just eat your food and stop talking nonsense."
	"Look, your face turns red. You are shy." Stefan looked at Zoe's red face.
	"I don't want to talk with you anymore." Zoe was almost angry to death.
	"I said nothing." Stefan didn't know why Zoe became so angry.
	Francis frowned obviously. Hallie noticed that and said, "Eat your dinner."
	They quieted down. Bright seemed to ignore what Zoe had said, and still ate the food with elegance. Besides, he brought Rose some dishes that were beyond her reach.
	"Eat more." Bright thought Rose was 5'5'' tall, and was a little thin with such a height. But fortunately, she was not too thin, without flat chest, but was beautiful and graceful.
	Seeing the dishes fully piled up in front of her, Rose was afraid that she couldn't eat that much.
	"Don't just give t them to me. Have the food, too." Rose put the beef in Bright's bowl, "You work so hard, so you need to take care of your health."
	Bright leaned forward, and put his thin lips close to her ear, "I am quite in good health. If you don't believe, you can have a try after the meal."
	What he said was so amorous that Rose's ears suddenly turned pink. The pink flush spread to her fair face, just like white and pink lotus flower petals, so pure and attractive.
	Rose felt her face very hot, so she didn't dare to look up at others, and pretended to have the food calmly.
	Bright was really a bad man! He made fun of her even during dinner with his family.
	Rose lifted her leg under the table and kicked his calf because she wanted to get back at him.
	Faced with Rose's sudden kick, Bright kept still and calm, continuing to have the food with elegance.
	After the meal, Bright took her out to walk around in order to help digestion.
	After they walked back into the living room, Zoe stood up joyfully from the sofa, with two eyes filled with excitement, "Brother, mom said you will sleep here tonight? Really?"
	It had been several years since Bright didn't sleep here. Although the bedroom was kept for him all the time and someone cleaned it every day, he wouldn't stay even if he came back home to have a meal every month or he worked very late at night.
	When hearing Bright would stay today, Zoe felt very happy, so she wanted to confirm it.
	"Both of us will stay tonight." Bright grabbed tightly Rose's hand, correcting what Zoe said.
	Zoe only bit her lips lightly, "I am just not accustomed that we get another family."
	"You have to be accustomed quickly because there will not only be another. We will take our daughter when we come back next time." Bright told her that there would be one more person in the house.
	"Daughter? Your daughter? When did you get a daughter?" Zoe seemed to be overwhelmed, and the excitement just now was replaced by sadness.
	The brother she liked most was not only married, but also had a daughter.
	"It is not important. You have to remember that you have become aunt, and you are not a child anymore." Bright reminded her not to do things always as she desired, and not to be so willful.
	"Brother, I…"
	"Well, we will go upstairs to sleep. Just go to bed early." Bright took Rose upstairs, and didn't talk further with Zoe.
	Rose took several steps and secretly turned around, seeing Zoe still looking at Bright's receding figure, reluctant to look away, with sad tears in her bright and big eyes.
	When taking back the gaze, Rose felt an angry stare behind her.
	Zoe seemed to be a sensitive and demonstrative girl.
	After entering the bedroom, Bright reclined on the sofa. He lifted his hand to rub his forehead, feeling quite light-hearted.
	"You have showed such an indifferent altitude towards Zoe, who is your younger sister. As a brother, you have to care more about her and make her feel warm." Rose sat next to him, took up the kettle on the table and served him a glass of water.
	"I am not the sun, and I don't generate light or heat." Bright took the glass, drank some water and put it down, "Didn't you say that I always keep a straight face? Maybe I am the one who needs to be warmed."
	"…" Rose got speechless, "She is your sister, and you have to talk to her more gently, so as not to hurt her."
	"Well, I myself will handle it well. And she is an adult. She doesn't need me, and the one who can warm her is not me." Bright lightly pulled her over and embraced her between his arms, "You should care more about your husband instead of spending your time and energy in caring about others. Your husband will love you more."
Chapter 138 Give Birth to a Kid in Half a Year
	Rose felt his warm breath onto her face, making her feel itchy and her heart started beating faster.
	"I'm tired. I want a rest." She slightly struggled from his embracement, trying to get rid of him, but Bright didn't give her a chance.
	"How can your face turn red so easily?"
	"You hold me in your arms, making me feel a bit hot," She tried to explained, "I'll be better if you let go of me."
	Rose didn't dare to move fiercely in his embracement. Her fingers tightly held his clothes, "Put me down. I can do it myself."
	"No worries. I'm willing to work for you with the burden of hard works, my wife." Bright's gentle and soft voice made the honeyed words terrifically sweet.
	Rose found as long as he knew what love was, he was so good at flirting despite how indifferent he had been.
	Bright didn't let her go until carrying her into the bathroom. Rose stepped back to keep a safe distance with him, "You'd better leave first."
	"Why?"
	Rose thought he asked while knowing the answer, "Please leave."
	"What about taking a bath together?" Bright stretched his hand to the collar and unbuckled a button with his lips lifted.
	However, Rose pulled his hands and pushed him out of the bathroom. She quickly locked the door to keep him away from the bathroom. Then she felt relieved.
	She admitted she had fallen in love with Bright, but she was not ready for implementing the duty as his wife.
	Watching the closed door, Bright leaned against the door with his arms in front of his chest. Thinking of her cute and shy face, he couldn't help laughing and shook his head.
	After taking a bath, Rose pulled open the door and found Bright outside. Rose's dark eyes seem especially moist and gleaming because of the steam in the bathroom. The wet hair stuck on her face. All this made her graceful as a water lotus giving pleasant fragrance.
	"I've finished. You can have a bath now." Rose felt uncomfortable in Bright's gaze. She ran away, lowering her head.
	Bright raised his eyebrows: was he so scary?
	He turned around to the bathroom and took a bath for a while.
	He wiped his wet dark hair, wearing the supreme grey silk pajama. He found Rose seated in the sofa as if she was waiting for him.
	"Don't you have a rest?" Bright went toward her. As soon as she opened her mouth, he said, "You wanna sleep in the sofa, won't you? The bed is left for me?"
	Rose nodded. She wasn't surprised that he guessed her thought. Since the first time she got to know him, she thought he could read her mind and nothing could escape from his sharp eyes.
	"Are you kidding? How can I allow my wife to sleep in the sofa?" Bright threw away the white towel and pulled her wrist.
	Rose stopped his hands, "Is it possible for you to sleep in the sofa? You're tall and you cannot straighten your legs if you sleep in the sofa. So let me sleep here."
	"Who says I'll sleep in the sofa? Is the bed on display?" That bed could accommodate four people, "We're couples and it's a matter of course that we should sleep together."
	"It develops …too fast." She really couldn't allow herself to sleep with him on the same bed as it was too intimate.
	"Darling, what are you thinking about? I feel ashamed about your thought." Bright suppressed his smile.
	"Is my thought dirty?" Rose peered at him, feeling she was wronged.
	"So what's wrong with a couple sleeping on the same bed? It doesn't mean we'll do something, right?" Bright slightly raised his eyebrows.
	Did she think too much? She flapped her long eyelashes with caution, looking at him.
	"Rose, have you asked me what I said to my Dad that made him cancel the paternity test for Doris and me?" Bright changed the topic to what she was curious about, which absolutely aroused her interest.
	"What did you say?" She asked.
	"I told him we'd have another kid." Bright looked serious with his eyes gazing at her and his tone was serious with no trace of kidding as well.
	"What?" Rose stepped back astonished, "So you decided to stay here tonight… for the kid?"
	"My father gives me half a year." Bright's strong arms held her slender waist. His build became especially manly in the cast of chandelier's warm light, "I don't wanna force you as it's meaningless. I'll wait for your willingness."
	"We have half a year to catch up. Let's delay it as long as possible. You don't have to carry the emotional baggage."
	Bright eliminated her worry.
	His care and love made her feel warm and touched. Her long eyelashes were a little moist, "Thank you."
	"No worries." Bright kissed her gently on her fair forehead.
	She closed her eyes silently, feeling the kiss with no sexual passion. She indeed felt touched.
	They both went to the bed and kept some distance. Bright held the phone, telling her, "Have a sleep now. I'll check some mails."
	He could operate the mails on the cellphone. Although Rose was a little sleepy, she couldn't fall asleep quickly as she slept in a new place with the husband who was strange yet familiar to her.
	"Do you have any books? Maybe reading helps." Rose asked him.
	Bright pulled open the bedside table and took out a book. Rose took it and had a read. The book had a profound meaning.
	By all accounts a person could be understood through what he read. It seemed that she could understand him well by reading what he read.
	"Take your time. I'll sleep if I'm sleepy."
	Bright answered her and started working on the phone. He read all the mails and gave brief replies.
	Although he was attentive, he gave a secret glimpse to Rose from time to time. Finding she didn't fall asleep after half an hour, he put down his phone.
	"Have you finished your work?" Rose moved a bit.
	"Yes." Bright thought he would affect her rest more or less, so he gave replies to some important mails, "Let's go to sleep."
	He took the book in her hand and put it into the drawer and then turned off the table lamp.
	They both went to the bed. It suddenly became quiet in the dark bedroom. What could be heard was their light breath.
	In the darkness, Rose tightly seized the quilt. It was obvious there was a distance between her and Bright, but she was still very nervous that she couldn't fall asleep.
	"You can't sleep? Let's chat then." Bright's mellow voice appeared clearly in the darkness.
	"About what?" she asked with nervousness.
	"Whatever you want." He said with closed eyes, "Or what you're interested in."
	Rose twisted her eyebrows, thinking. What she was interested in…
	"Do you believe the reason for Cruz Gardener to come to the Lee family?" Suddenly it came to her mind.
Chapter 139 Ask Her to Move to City J
	The time for Cruz to appear was too evident.
	He came to the Lee family not for the reason he gave, but to make the Lee family know Rose was the other woman who destroyed Bright's marriage and then took advantage of the seniors in the Lee family to give her a lesson.
	However, they didn't know she was Mrs. Lee, not the other woman.
	He thought himself clever, but he just lifted a rock only to drop it on his own feet.
	"Of course it's not a coincidence at all." Bright was clear in his mind, "No one else knows we're couples. Those who know we have relations only think you're my lover and the number is small."
	"I think so as well. I'm sure they are either Sophie or Timothy." She fixed the range. Only they were afraid she would gain the power because of Bright so they wanted to deal a blow to her.
	"How do you wanna deal with it?" What Bright asked Rose was what she thought. She wanted to find who wanted to frame her.
	"Let's turn the trick to his own use." Rose raised her lips and an idea came to her mind, "Since they think I'm the other woman, then let me be the other woman. But Mr. Lee, will you please give the performance with me?"
	"Sure. I'll follow your instruction." Brght's voice sounded spoiling, "Tell me your scheme."
	"Ok. After returning to City H…" Rose gave a general introduction about the scheme in her mind.
	……
	The breakfast in the Lee family was rich and nutritious. It was cooked by the professional chef and contained both Chinese and western cuisine, so the breakfast dazzled people's eyes and made people feel difficult to choose from.
	Bright gave a bowl of Egg and Pork Congee to Rose and picked the Pyramid Dumplings and Steamed Buns.
	Rose preferred the Chinese cuisine. He figured it out after the first time she took him to have breakfast in Happy Folk Dim Sum.
	Rose thought he was terrifically careful as he knew her preference.
	"Many thanks." Rose ate the Congee and the taste was perfect, "Nice."
	"Then have more." He also gave himself a bow of Congee. He had the Chinese cuisine with her.
	"Rose, did you sleep well last night? Do you feel comfortable staying here?" Hallie asked with care.
	"I've got used to my bed, but the bed is comfortable, so I didn't wake up until dawn. Thank you for your care, auntie."Rose replied candidly.
	"It's weekend. Since you're here, why not ask Bright to show you around here? Relax yourself." Hallie passed the toaster with ketchup to Francis, "Do you think so, darling?"
	"Exactly. However busy you're, you should accompany each other." Francis bit the toaster and chewed, "It's not a good idea that you separate in two different places."
	"Dad, if I have free time, I'll visit Rose, vice versa. It's fine." Bright was afraid Francis would give Rose a rough ride.
	"It's fine in a short period, but can you live like this all your life?" Francis looked up at Bright, "If you keep this life style, when can you give birth to a kid for the Lee family?"
	"Eh-hem……" Rose who was eating congee with her head lowered was choked. She immediately covered her mouth and turned her face away.
	Bright gave the paper tissue to her and patted on her back, "Drink some water."
	Rose took the water on the table and got relieved after drinking it. She shook her head to him to signal she was right.
	"Dad, why do you say so during meal time?" Of course Bright tried to protect Rose.
	"AS I have started the topic, I'll say more." Francis wiped his mouth with a napkin. His eyesight focused on Rose, "Rose, you're Bright's wife. As the daughter-in-law of the Lee family, you have to burden more than ordinary families. The Lee family has stayed in City J for hundreds of years and Bright's is living and working here. Since you've married him, you should understand it."
	"Dad, we'll deal with it ourselves. Don't talk too much, please." Bright understood what his father wanted to express.
	"Shut up!" Francis scolded him.
	Rose also stretched out her hand and held Bright's, comforting him, "Dad, listen to me please."
	Bright held hers and twisted his eyebrows. He didn't understand why she looked for unhappiness.
	"Our family is not that old-fashioned. We won't ask you to quit work and stay at home. You can have you own career as well as freedom. But you need to pay when you gain. Also the family needs your careful management. I hope you can move here. I hope you can live and work here. You and Bright can look after each other in this way and have your own home. We won't disturb you. Your occasional visit is okay."
	"Rose, as a father, I don't think I've demand much. I know you're sensible and I'm sure you can understand me."
	Francis' words were very pertinent and he didn't try to confine her with his authority.
	His point stood at "home", hoping they could get along.
	It was quite normal that the couples who lived in separate places would have more problems.
	"Dad, I'll give you a reply after serious consideration." Rose could make a decision immediately.
	"Okay." Francis gave her time.
	After breakfast, Francis went to play tennis with his good friends and Bright took Rose away. Zoe tore the toaster in her hands, saying in a dissatisfied tone, "How dared she say she needed time for consideration? It was God's blessing that she could marry my brother. How could she be so arrogant? I really think she doesn't deserve my brother."
	"You're not brother. How can you know she doesn't deserve him?" Stefan drank up the milk, "marriage is like water. Only those who are in marriage know it. Don't make irresponsible remarks. She is your sister-in-law and we should not talk about her behind her back."
	"Stephan, which side are you on? She doesn't deserve him at all!" Zoe stuck up for Bright.
	"It's up to brother rather than you." Stephan reminded her.
	"She doesn't love him at all. If she loved him, she would stay with him for nearly a whole day. Brother will understand it one day and you'll know you're wrong." Zoe insisted.
	"Rose is not that kind of woman." Stefan was clear in mind.
	"Mum, you see, he is always against me." Zoe complained to Hallie.
	"She's your sister-in-law, not a stranger. Don't say such things anymore, or your brother will be unhappy and your Dad will mind it as well." Hallie looked at her daughter who looked worried, "It's your brother's own business, so you'd better not interfere. Focus on study, please."
	"Mum, I wanna practise internship in Marley's company as an assistant. Would you please discuss it with Dad?" Zoe had this idea in mind for a long time.
	"I'll try." Hallie replied, "But you need to be calmer."
Chapter 140 See His Brother
	Bright drove his Maserati away from the Lee's. Rose asked him, "Where are we going?"
	"You'll know it in a while." Bright kept it confidential, "Be cautious. I'll speed up."
	Rose didn't ask him. She took the seat.
	The gentle music was played in the car and she enjoyed it with her eyes closed.
	After 40 minutes, the car stopped inside a supreme private sanatorium.
	The sanatorium's main color was white and green. Its architecture was white while the plants were green, closing people's distance to the nature.
	Bright got off the car and held Rose's hand, leading her to Building 6.
	"Why are we here?" she asked while following him, "Is your grandma here?"
	She heard that his grandma was in poor health and needed a good rest. Furthermore, the only person she hadn't seen was his grandma.
	"Nope." Bright gave her a mysterious smile, "but this is really an important person to me. In a while you will know it."
	Rose followed him with her hand in his. They took the lift to the 8th floor and a doctor came toward them, "Hi, Mr. Lee. You are here for your brother again."
	Dr. Liu was around 40. He happened to be his brother's attending doctor and he was very responsible.
	"Hi, Dr. Liu." Bright held Rose's shoulders, "This is my first time to bring my wife here for my brother."
	"Nice to meet you, Mrs. Lee." Dr. Liu smiled, "You really match each other. Your brother will be very glad."
	"Yes, so I come here for telling him the good news. She will look after me and he won't be worried about me." Mentioning his elder brother, Bright wore a smile on his handsome face.
	Bright took Rose to his brother, Marley Lee's ward. It was sunny today so it was bright inside.
	Rose felt a bit nervous as it was her first time to see his brother. But what came into her sight was a sleeping man surrounded by the sophisticated machines. With different types of tubes surrounding the man in front of her, her nervous feeling disappeared immediately. Instead, she was astonished.
	The nurse looking after him saw Bright rose up immediately. She greeted him shyly, "Mr. Lee, I'll be leaving."
	It was quiet inside the ward and only the machines' ticks could be heard, reminding them a wan was lying in bed.
	Bright took Rose approaching the bed, "Marley, how are you these days? Today I bring an important person here. She's your sister-in-law, Rose. You must be surprised that I'm married, right? So please don't worry about me."
	Rose observed the handsome young man in bed. He looked like Bright, but his face was unhealthily pale.
	He neither talked nor moved and even his breath was very light. Except for the breath, he was like a dead man.
	This was what people called PVS and it was her first time to see PVS.
	"Rose, come and say hi to Marley."
	"Hi, Marley, I am Rose, Bright's wife."
	"Marley, you see I'm married and have a kid, but you're still in bed. You have been in sleep for so many years. Do you want to keep asleep?"
	Bright frowned and looked at Marley. Worry appeared in his eyes and a few tears rolled down as well. He tightly clenched his fist to suppress his pain.
	Rose didn't know how to console him. She could only pat on his arms.
	Rumors had it that Bright was so cruel that he killed and framed his siblings for the position of CEO. However, it seemed that the rumor was waffle.
	Although she had no evidence to prove Bright was not that cruel, her gut told her that he was trustworthy.
	Just as Jane said, a man who loved a kid so much couldn't be a bad guy.
	Bright raised his hand and gently patted on the back of her hand, "I'm fine."
	"You and Marley must have a good relationship." Or else he would be that concerned with Marley.
	"When Mum passed away, he was 4 and Dad was busy with work. Damian had taken care of us in daily life. Marley accompanied me and consoled me. He was the man who gave me mental support." What appeared in his mind were the pictures they drew when they were young. Only at that time Marley was vibrant.
	"He's very nice and friendly to everyone. Dad valued him as well although Dad sometimes thought Marley was too lenient and he was not the first choice to take over HY Group. He didn't do anything bad all his life. However, he had such a miserable result."
	Bright breathed a sigh of regret. How could life be so unfair and why bad things happen to good people.
	"Why did he become so?" She asked curiously.
	Bright loved his brother so much that it was impossible for him to frame his brother. There must be some other reason.
	"I'm not sure." He lowered his head. He knew nothing about it, so he couldn't avenge for his brother and this was why he felt upset.
	Rose helped him take a seat and she sat down as well.
	Was it because Marley became a vegetable that others made Bright a scapegoat?
	"The accident happened at a weekend. I invited him to climb the mountain that day, but he said he had something important to do and I didn't take it seriously. Later I got a call and was told that he was in danger because of jumping from a high-rise. When I arrived at the hospital, he had been in coma and so far no sign shows he revives." Bright didn't know why Marley wanted to jump from the building.
	"Did he jump himself?" Rose was confused as well.
	"The identification result said so." Bright leaned forward with his elbows on his knees, "Although he was nice, he wasn't a man that would commit suicide. I want him to revive and tell me why he did so."
	Although Rose couldn't really understand his feeling of losing his beloved brother, she could understand his pain.
	"Did anything special happen before he jumped?" Rose kept asking.
	"He was not a wine bibber and he was self-disciplined. However, one day he became drunk in the bar. The next day when I asked him, he behaved as usual. One month later, he jumped from the building." Bright clasped his hands, scolding himself for not noticing something unusual at that time.
	"Was there anything unusual?"
	"Anything else…" he twisted his eyebrows, recalling what had happened at that time, "Another point is …"
Chapter 141 If You Don't Leave Me, I Won't Give up on You
	Bright turned his face towards Rose's curious eyes. The sunlight cast on his face, making his face especially handsome and his dark eyes became gentle in the sunlight.
	"Are you curious about it?" Bright stopped at the key point.
	"I am indeed a little curious. But I won't force you if you don't wanna say." She replied with one hand holding her cheek.
	They kept silent for a while. Rose fixed her eyesight on Marley's face, "Do you know the rumor about you?"
	"What's it?" He raised his handsome eyebrows.
	"You were said to be cruel with brutal means. You refused to have anything to do with your relatives and families. Anyone who was against you would have a miserable ending. Some rumors even said you became CEO by kicking your sibling away. You were a man who couldn't be offended." Rose told him the description about him. Meanwhile, she tilted her head and looked at him with smile in her bright eyes.
	Gentle light drifted in Bright's eyes, "I see. No wonder the first time you saw me in HY Group, I felt you were afraid of me. That explained. Later when you knew you would marry me, were you even more scared? You couldn't wait to sign for divorce after 3 years?"
	"Initially I thought how could you be so cruel, but later I found it was only rumor and then I didn't take it seriously." While saying so, Rose smiled as well. She laughed for her silliness. Why did she believe what other's description about him?
	"So you won't divorce me, right?" A faint smile appeared on his face.
	"You made an appointment for 3 years. If you regret and wanna divorce, I will respect your decision." She replied naturally and calmly.
	"Are you so tame?" Bright gazed at her.
	"Isn't it good?" Rose raised her soft lips in a good-looking curve.
	"Since you're so tame, then let's forget the 3-year agreement and never mention divorce again." Bright held her arms, letting her lean against on his shoulder, "Let's be together till our hair grow white and we have grandchildren."
	"If you don't leave me, I won't give up on you." She put her chin on his shoulder and raised her eyes to his.
	The indifference in Bright's eyes softened. Her delicate face was reflected in his pupils. His throat rolled, "Okay."
	Never leave each other…
	Rose's eyes contained smiles.
	"You didn't answer my question just now. Please tell me." Rose gazed at Bright as if she was a curious baby.
	Bright held her thumb and rubbed the smooth back of her hand, "Marley was nice to everyone. He even never lost temper to the servants at home. But after Dad remarried, he didn't smile again. I don't know whether he didn't like Dad's remarriage. Later he moved out and was reluctant to come back for family reunion. Besides, he never called Auntie Hallie nor did he smile at her. He was always cold to her."
	"When Mum died, he was 4, so he had impression of Mum more or less. Compared with me, he had more love for Mum. So I guess he couldn't accept another woman to be the hostess of this family."
	"Perhaps Dad's remarriage struck Marley too much, he couldn't accept it. And, as he missed Mum, so he wanted to commit suicide?" This was Rose's guess.
	"I don't think so. He was not such kind of person. Something he couldn't accept took place so he chose this way." Bright shook his head, denying her guess, "We can only get the answer after he revives. It has been years, but there's no sign for his revival."
	"It is said that one's willpower determines his life. If Marley really commit suicide, he lost his willpower for live, so he doesn't wanna revive." Rose held his arm gently, "Now what we need to do is give him belief for living. In this way he won't allow himself to keep asleep."
	"We can ask the one he loved and cared most to come here and talk with him. By encouraging him, cheering up him, we can let him know many people love him. There are cases in the world that vegetables come to life, so we should be confident."
	Bright's profound eyes looked toward her, "But not many cases. Marley's situation is not positive. Sometimes I am wondering whether I should let him live unconsciously or leave the world in a decent way…"
	Rose didn't know what to say. This was really a dilemma.
	As his sibling, Bright could absolutely save his life as long as possible so that he could visit his brother anytime he wanted. However, was it a good arrangement for Marley?
	"Follow your heart. Marley grew up with you and he could understand you."
	Rose supported his idea.
	He nodded, "Thanks. Luckily, I have you."
	"You're welcome, Mr. Lee. It's what Mrs. Lee should do." she rubbed her face on his shoulder, "If I were you, I am sure you would accompany me as well. Let's talk with Marley more."
	Bright tightly seized her hand clinging to his arm. His gratitude was beyond words.
	They kept talking with Marley for a while and read him his favorite book.
	It was fine today. Breeze didn't make people feel hot. Bright talked to Marley as if they were back to the childhood…
	Time flew quickly. They arrived at the Lee's at 4. Francis wasn't back yet. Hallie was arranging flowers in the vase while Zoe was learning and helping her.
	"You're back."Seeing them come back, Hallie put down the flowers in her hands, "Are you tired? There is dessert in the kitchen. Let me bring it to you."
	"Not necessarily, auntie."Bright stopped her, "We're back for her luggage. Tonight we won't stay here."
	"Are you going back to Ginkgo Villa, brother?" Hearing his decision, Zoe was anxious and hurriedly rose up, "Can't you stay here for one more night?"
	She just wanted to see him even though she could only see him far away. At least when they had meals on the table, she could chat with him more or less. If she was lucky enough, she could see his smile.
	That was enough, but he was too mean to give her.
Chapter 142 Keeping Distance Is a Necessity
	"I've made up my mind. Don't persuade me." Bright never changed his decision. He said to Rose, "I'm gonna fetch the suitcase upstairs and wait me for a while."
	"No problem." She replied and watched him go upstairs.
	Although Bright refused, Hallie still brought the dessert from the kitchen.
	"Rose, don't stand there. Help yourself." Hallie laid the tray on the table and held her hands kindly, "Rose, you don't come here often. Why don't you stay here one more night to accompany Dad? Since Bright moved away, his Dad has been worried about him, but he can't pocket his pride. So every time they meet each other, argument is inevitable."
	"Auntie, I totally understand your feeling. But you know him well. I'll advice him to pay more visits to you. " Rose carefully observed Hallie.
	She thought Hallie looked kind in face, had a good temper and treated Bright well. She was an understanding wife and loving mother. Why didn't Marley like her?
	"Bright looked cold outside but he was warm hearted. If he says something wrong or does something bad, please forgive him. Now that he decides to live with you, he'll take the responsibility as a husband, love you, cherish you and well treat you." Hallie was very considerate and behaved as if she was his biological mother.
	She put in a good word for him from time to time and never cared about his attitude that was lacking enthusiasm. She was really sensible and a rare stepmother.
	Large numbers of men were willing to have such a beautiful and virtuous wife and they wouldn't be worried about home any more.
	"Auntie, I see." Roe kept them in mind.
	"Have the dessert now." Hallie gave her a bow of dessert, "Where did he take you?"
	"He took me to visit Marley." She said frankly, stretching out her hands for the bowl.
	Bang! The china bowl dropped onto the floor and the dessert was spread as well.
	Just now her hands touched the edge of the bowl, but Halle released her hands when she heard the reply. Therefore, the bowl was not dropped by accident.
	Stunned for a second, Hallie crouched to pick the pieces and Rose crouched to help her.
	"Don't touch them. I'll do it myself." Hallie grabbed the pieces with Rose, "Hiss--"
	However, Hallie hurt her hand and right away the blood bled out from the top of the finger.
	"Auntie, are you okay?" Rose held Hallie's wrist and pulled her up.
	"I'm fine. You're Bright's wife and he should bring you there. He was considerate and did a good job. If Marley knows it, he would be better and he might revive." Worry appeared on Hallie's face, "How is he?"
	"The same." Rose helped Hallie take the seat and said, "Where's the medicine kit?"
	"Zoe, bring it here." Hallie said to Zoe.
	"Okay." Until now Zoe saw her mum's finger bleeding and she ran for the kit immediately.
	"It's been years. He doesn't get better and no one knows when he can revive." Hallie sighed with resignation, "Francis and Bright's biggest wish is that he can revive. It's the whole family's wish as well. We hope he can revive as soon as possible."
	"He's so young and has a good prospect. He'll know his beloved girl, get married and be happy. He shouldn't lie in bed for the rest of his life."
	Hallie was painful and tears appeared in her eyes.
	"Auntie, Marley is such a nice man. He'll get good returns. He'll definitely revive." Rose was moved as well.
	"Yes, he will. Please pay more visits to him." Hallie said with relief.
	"If Marley knows you think in this way, he can't be happier." Bright approached them slowly with the suitcase.
	"Here's the medicine kit." Meanwhile Zoe put down the white kit.
	Rose opened the kit, took out the swab and alcohol to sterilize Hallie's wound. At last, she wounded the wound with the band-aid.
	"It's done, auntie." Rose took the tools back into the medicine kit.
	"Thanks, Rose." Hallie said.
	Bright held Rose's hand, "Let's go."
	"Bright…"
	"Yes, auntie?"
	"Come back more often when you are free."
	Bright didn't reply. He took Rose to leave the house.
	He put the suitcase into the trunk, opened the door for her and blocked the door in case she hit her head, "Buckle-up."
	He didn't go inside the car until Rose took the seat. He started the engine and drove away.
	Bright drove a long way with his eyebrows twisted. After a turn, he asked slowly, "How did auntie get wounded?"
	"I told her you brought me to see Marley. Then she broke the bowl." Rose turned her eyes toward him, peering at his twisted eyebrows, "Auntie is worried about Marley as well."
	"You speak for her only after seeing her twice." Bright felt dissatisfied secretly.
	"No. I just think she is better than many other stepmothers. I really think Marley should accept her. Have you heard Marley saying that he didn't like her?" Rose thought it was impossible.
	"He didn't say so, but he never smiled at her and even moved away. If he accepted her, how could he behave so?"
	"Why did you move away?"
	"I feel at ease by living alone."
	"Maybe Marley thought in the same way." Rose smiled, "Francis only had you two. But he got married with auntie. Maybe Marley wanted to leave them more space to get together and he could be at ease after moving away. Wasn't it good to both sides?"
	"So that's why you've treated auntie without enthusiasm?"
	"I don't have much love for my biological mother, let alone auntie, who has no blood relation with me. Keeping distance with her is a necessity." She was his father's wife. As a stepson, he should avoid doing anything that might cause suspicion.
	"You're right." Rose nodded seriously, "Or the rumor about you will be worse."
	"It's good that you understand." The flame of love came to the corners of Bright's eyes.
	When they arrived at Ginkgo Villa, Peter had been waiting there. Seeing Bright holding Rose's hand, he couldn't help smiling.
	"Mr. Lee, is Miss Rose your wife?" While getting the suitcase, Peter didn't forget gossip.
	"Brilliant!" He praised. Only those who were not pure thought she was the other woman. Those who understood him would never mistake him.
	"Peter, how did you know it?" Rose felt confused.
Chapter 143 It Is Impolite Not to Reciprocate
	Peter held the handle of the suitcase, "Madam, is it difficult to guess?"
	"Since Mr. Lee announced his marriage, I guess you are the only lady to be his wife." When Rose thought that the Linder family though she was Bright's mistress, she felt it ridiculous but she had to suppress it.
	"It only shows they're stupid." Peter burst into laughter.
	"Peter, are you boasting about yourself?" Bright intervened.
	"In Ginkgo Villa, you are the smartest, Sir." Peter said.
	"Peter, the compliment used to work, but now it doesn't." Bright looked aside toward Rose's eyes and eyebrows and warmth appeared in his eyes, making her feel warm, "Smart Mr. Lee's heart is now tightly seized by Mrs. Lee. Peter, who do you think is more brilliant?"
	Being watched by him, Rose felt shy and her fair face turned a bit red. How could she tightly seize his heart?
	His words sounded as if she was terrifying. Was she so terrifying?
	"Sir, you're right. Madam is the most brilliant."Peter changed his words immediately.
	"Peter, you haven't answered my question yet." Rose tried to pull back the topic.
	"Madam, you're the only woman Mr. Lee has taken here twice. Besides, after he announced the wedding, he only held Mrs. Lee's hand." Peter was quite right. He added after a pause, "He is neat freak, so he must love you devotedly."
	The implication was that Bright would not have affair with other women. A neat freak didn't like dirty women.
	"It's obvious that he is neat freak, but I haven't experienced his loyalty to love yet." Rose raised her eyes, glancing at Bright who was beside her.
	With one hand holding hers, Bright put the other one into the pocket, making him look quite chic, "There's still time, and you'll know it one day."
	While saying so, he raised his lips in a flirting way.
	They went inside while talking.
	Megan went outside of the kitchen with sweet fruit soup in her hands, "Welcome back, Sire and Madam."
	Rose was surprised, "Megan, why are you sure I'm Mrs. Lee? Aren't you afraid I'm his mistress?"
	"You're so elegant and pretty. Why do you look down upon yourself?" Megan put the soup on the tea table, "Mr. Lee never disappoints me. If he holds a lady's hand, she must be his wife."
	Bright pushed her seated in the leather sofa, "Why are you so surprised?"
	"It's inevitable." Rose sighed, "My parents gave birth to me, but they thought me to be so bad. But they might not know when they look down upon me, they are actually looking down upon themselves as well."
	"I can't change their attitude, but they don't understand the fact." Bright's past experience made his low voice sound especially stable and it consoled her, "Don't mind the words said by those who don't care about you. It's like looking trouble for yourself."
	"You are right." Rose's dim eyes became bright immediately.
	She knew the reason why her parents thought she was Bright's mistress was that they never held any hope to her, the daughter abandoned by them.
	In their mind, it was impossible that Bright Lee would love her, a single mother with a daughter. It was even difficult for her to be the other woman. It was not easy to be Mrs. Lee.
	"Have the fruit soup so that you can feel sweet." Bright gave her a bowl of sweet fruit soup.
	The soup contained pears, apples, oranges, cherries... as well as dates. So it looked colorful and delicious.
	Bright gave her a spoon of soup. Rose felt shy as Peter and Megan were right there.
	"I'll have it myself." She tried to be calm, stretching the hands to take the bowl.
	Peter and Megan turned their backs to them, telling Bright and Rose that they didn't see anything and they could treat them as invisible ones. In other words, they could show love to each other.
	"Don't you wanna test my loyalty? It's a perfect time." Bright didn't let her take the bowl.
	"Next time." She touched the bowl with hands, but Bright peered at her without releasing the bowl.
	Rose slightly twisted her eyebrows.
	"I forget the mushroom soup in the kitchen. It's time for supper." Megan hurried to the kitchen.
	"Let me help you." Peter followed her.
	After they disappeared, Bright compulsively handed the spoon next to her mouth, "No one else is here now. Have it."
	She had to open her mouth, picked the fruit and chewed.
	Bright took another spoon of soup, "Is it tasty?"
	"Megan is so good at cooking." Rose thumbed up, "full score."
	"If Megan hears your praise, she will be extremely glad, and it's better than any gift sent to her."Bright gave her a third spoon of soup.
	After being fed by him several spoons of soup, Rose tried to grab the bowl from him, "Fine. I have hands and I can eat by myself. You'd better have the soup as well, or it will be bad for your stomach."
	Rose took the bowl and drank the soup silently; however, Bright didn't move at all. Instead, he looked at her interestedly, making her have an illusion that she was like the delicious fruit soup.
	"Why are you looking at me?" She put down the bowl. She wasn't tasty, okay?
	"Mrs. Lee, it is impolite not to reciprocate." Bright set up his arm with the back of the hand supporting his head, sitting in a casual but graceful and charming way.
	Of course Rose heard his implication. She whispered, "I didn't ask you to feed me."
	"Yes?" Bright asked gently.
	She smiled slightly, taking the bowl of sweet fruit soup and carefully fed him with a spoon.
	A smile secretly appeared on his cold face.
	He opened his mouth and drank the soup, satisfied. He enjoyed it very much.
	He thought the soup was especially sweet because his wife fed him herself. How happy it was!
	Rose fed him one spoon after another until Peter and Megan appeared again in the living room, but they hid in one side, watching them.
Chapter 144 Mr. Lee Won My Heart
	"Darling, you see, Mr. Lee and Mrs. Lee get together so well. They really love each other." Megan was envious and delighted, "When you were young, you were not romantic at all."
	"You liked me just because of this trait, didn't you? Now you don't like it." Peter wrinkled his nose, dissatisfied.
	She looked back at him, smiling while covering her mouth, "I'm telling the truth. Why are you angry?"
	"At that time, Alex chased you closely and made romantic tricks every day. He knew romance. Why didn't you marry him?" Peter stared at Megan's smiling face, "If you didn't like me, why did you insist on marrying me?"
	"Because you treated me very well. Or why did I marry you, such a boring man?" Megan pushed his shoulder.
	"Although I am not a romantic, I'm much better than those who divorce and remarry many times, okay?"
	He tried to avoid Megan's fingers that were pushing his back.
	"Huh, you were jealousy. A big progress." She thumped up to him, "Now Sir has Madam. You see he is much gentler. He no longer gives a poker face. You can learn from him."
	"I think it's better to learn from Alex who liked making romantic tricks. I really envied his speed of changing his wife." He said purposely.
	Megan raised her hands to pinch Peter and felt annoyed, "How dare you!"
	"Be cautious. I'm carrying food. If I break it, what do they eat? It's your first time to see Madam. Do you wanna make a fool of yourself?" Peter was carrying a tray with two kinds of tea on it.
	Hearing this, Megan lessened the strength, but she still asked him, "Do you wanna change your wife?"
	"No, I won't!" Peter denied right away, "You are so fierce. How dare I!"
	The last lines could only be heard by himself.
	"What did you say?" Megan missed it.
	"Even if you change me, I don't dare to change you. Are you satisfied?" Peter followed her idea.
	"Good." Megan didn't pinch him anymore. She tidied his clothes, "Don't worry. I am your wife all my life."
	She smiled at Peter and Peter smiled as well.
	"Peter, Megan, when will you come out? Don't hide there." After drinking the soup, Bright wiped his mouth with the napkin. Megan and Peter, who hid nearby went out and smiled, "Sir, Madam. We haven't seen or heard anything."
	"Dinner is ready." Peter carried the food into the dining hall.
	"Let's have dinner." Bright rose up with his straight long legs.
	Rose followed him into the dining hall. 6 plates and one soup were served on the table. They both looked, smelled and tasted delicate.
	Smelling the scent, Rose found she couldn't resist the delicious food although she had had the sweet soup. She felt hungry.
	"Take a seat." Bright pulled the white chair for her to sit on.
	"Thanks." She sat down.
	"Don't be so polite." Bright thought they had confessed their love to each other and so they should be closer than before. They shouldn't be as polite as strangers.
	Rose stuck out her tongue naughtily. She didn't get used to the leap of their relationship.
	Megan gave them a bowl of chicken soup separately. She believed the custom that a bowl of soup before meal words better than good medicine.
	"Take a seat and enjoy yourselves as well." Bright's slender fingers slightly knocked at the edge of the bowl.
	"It's your first time to have meals together. We'd better leave you some room." Peter pulled Megan, preparing to leave.
	"What are you doing?" Rose stopped them, "We are family. Take a seat please."
	Peter and Megan looked to each other and behaved hesitated. Bright opened his mouth again, "In the family there are no strangers. Rose invited you for the meal, then follow her please."
	They then sat down. Rose stood up and gave Peter and Megan a bowl of soup separately, "Peter and Megan, please give me convenience in the future."
	"It's our duty." Since they got paid by Bright, they should fulfill their duty.
	Furthermore, Bright treated them so nicely these years and even afforded their kid to a good university.
	Their kid now worked in HY Group as an intern and had done well. There was only half a year before her graduation. She would successfully work in HY Group. Even if she failed, Bright would arrange her with a good job.
	Bright was their benefactor. He always treated them as family members, so they were loyal to him.
	"Madam, will you leave here?" Megan asked.
	"Yes. I'll leave tomorrow." Her reply disappointed Megan and peter.
	"When will you move here? The hostess is needed here." Megan hoped she could move in earlier because only in this way it could be called family.
	"Very soon." Bright held Rose's arms.
	She turned her head to him, looking at him with her twisted eyebrows and saying to Megan, "Actually it won't be soon. I work in City H."
	"You don't need to worry about your work. I can transfer you here." Bright it was not a problem. The key was whether she wanted to work here.
	"I don't think it's good if I apply for transfer in less than one month." It was not that she didn't want to leave but that granny was still in City H and she wanted to accompany her more.
	"It seems that someone more attractive is in City H. So you don't wanna leave there, right?" Bright's words sounded unhappy.
	Peter and Megan tried to suppress their smile. It was a surprise that the cool man would be jealousy.
	"No one else can win my heart except you." Rose knew the person he referred to was Sky Tanner. "It's because granny is in poor health. I just came back to the Linder family and I wanna accompany her for a long time."
	Bright stared at her with his dark eyes for a while and then moved away, saying generously, "Okay. I'll visit you more often."
	"I know you're the most sensible man." She leaned her head on his shoulder, looking at him with starry eyes.
	"Sit well and have dinner." He cleared his throat.
	"No problem." She sat still immediately and had dinner.
	Bright picked up a rib into her bowl. Gentle smile came on this handsome man's cool face. Spoiling feeling could be found in his eyes.
Chapter 145 What about Calling Me Dad
	At night, after taking the bath, Bright and Rose went to bed. It was the second time for them to share the same bed. Although she was still a bit nervous, she was calmer than yesterday.
	She knew that not everything followed her ideas, and doing what came naturally was the best.
	Seeing her lost in her mind with her lowered head, Bright asked, "Are you absent-minded again?"
	"No, I miss Doris." She raised her lips and smiled, releasing the burden in her heart.
	Since she left yesterday, she didn't contact Doris at all. She didn't know whether Doris would blame her for leaving her in City or blame her for leaving for City H.
	"It's been solved. Next time we can bring her home." Her shiny smile shone his eyes. He felt he was under the warm sunshine in spring.
	"Thank you." Rose was grateful for that he enabled her to keep Doris's real identity confidential.
	Rose knew she shouldn't cheat him and she should tell him the truth.
	In the past, she didn't dare to tell the truth because she was afraid he would grab Doris from her and she could never see Doris.
	Now she couldn't tell the truth as she loved him. She tried to get rid of the pain
	Sky had given her and attempted to accept a new love. She was afraid that Bright would be angry, blaming her for regarding him as a lifebelt.
	Rose was torn by the situation, upset. Only by hiding Doris's identity and the incident that happened 5 years ago could she continued her love with Bright.
	If their love couldn't last one day and they had to end the relationship, she thought they would leave a good memory to each other.
	"Don't be silly." Bright's eyes fixed on her cellphone that was put on the bedside table, "It's not too late. We can make a video call to Doris."
	"Okay." She took the phone and clicked on Nora's Wechat account.
	After a while Nora picked up the call. Nora's beautiful face appeared on the screen, "For Doris or for display of affection?"
	Nora didn't see Bright on the screen but she saw his hand intimately draped over Rose's shoulder.
	Rose noticed it as well. She wanted to pull away his hand. On hearing Nora's words, Bright held Rose more tightly and even kissed her, which really added fuel to the fire and annoyed Nora.
	"Rose, can't you be low-profile?" Nora covered her eyes with one hand, "I feel ashamed for you."
	Rose pushed Bright and gazed at him, wishing him to be serious, "Where is Doris?"
	"You attach more importance to love than friendship. Do you still remember your daughter?" Nora sneered at her.
	"My good friend, you're the best." Rose played charm on her, "Only you understand me well."
	Nora mocked, "It should be Mr. Lee."
	"Noraaa…" Rose put her palms together devoutly.
	Bright squeezed himself onto the screen, "Miss Cooper, we don't mind you showing off love with Mr. Way."
	"Mr. Lee, don't be too much." Nora bit her lips.
	He clearly knew that her marriage with Alan Way was for alliance. Since the base of their marriage was not love, how could they show off love?
	"If you don't wanna see us showing off love, go get Doris to chat with us and you can calm down aside." Obviously Bright wanted to drive her away.
	Rose slightly pinched him on the waist. Bright was sensitive of itch, but he still tried to suppress his smile. He caught her hands, "Be cautious. Or I will punish you."
	"OMG. It's really embarrassing." Nora sighed and shook her head and called Doris, "Babe, your mum is calling you."
	"Coming." Doris's happy voice came into their ears.
	Rose pushed away Bright to make him behave serious.
	However, he still held her waist with one hand. The heat of his dry palm spread onto her skin through the pajama, but he could feel her nice skin.
	When Rose saw Doris' cute face appearing on the screen, she didn't dare to push away Bright any more.
	She sat still, trying to keep distance with Bright though it didn't work at all. Anyway she felt much better.
	"Mummy." Doris smiled brightly and waved her little hands to Rose.
	"Doris." Bright waved at her.
	"Handsome uncle? Mummy, are you with him?" Doris was surprised and delighted.
	"Doris, do you miss Mummy or me? If you miss me, I will tell you a piece of good news." Bright was good at making kids happy.
	"Both." Doris didn't want to offend either of them, "Handsome uncle, what good news? Are you dating Mummy?"
	"Eh-hem…" Doris was startled by Doris's abrupt naïve words.
	Bright gave a glimpse to "coward" Rose, "How do you know it?"
	"It's so late and you stay in the same room. If you are not in love, why are you together?" Doris seemed to be clear about love.
	"Who taught you that?" Rose twisted her eyebrows, feeling dissatisfied, "Who do you learnt it from?"
	"TV series." Doris pursed her lips.
	"We are at work." Rose lied.
	"I don't buy it." Doris gave her an expression of no cheating, "You are lying."
	"I do fall in love with you mum." Bright claimed.
	"Wow, fantastic!" Doris couldn't be happier, "Finally Mummy is in love."
	Rose felt her head ache, was Doris her own daughter? Was she so poor in love? Her words seemed to say that nobody else except Bright loved her.
	Bright lifted his lips, smiling, "Doris, don't call me handsome uncle."
	"Then what should I call you?" Doris considered with her head tilting to one side.
	Rose had guessed Bright's real mind. He asked Doris to change the way of calling him because he wanted to realize Doris's dream of having a father and he wanted to love her and take care of her in the name of Dad.
	Rose felt warm in the heart and tears nearly came out of her eyes.
	She lowered her head, closing her eyes with long eyelashes, trying to stop the tears in her eyes.
	"What about calling me Dad?" Bright looked at her with father's affection.
	Doris was stunned. She stared at him for a long time and looked at Rose, "Mummy, can I call handsome uncle Dad?"
	"Dear Doris, sure, you can." Nora said. She held Doris in her arms, "If you call him Dad, nobody else will say you are a kid without Dad and nobody else can bully you."
	"I know handsome uncle is great, much greater than Ultraman, but…" She still looked at Rose, waiting for her approval.
Chapter 146 Give Birth to One More Baby
	Rose looked at Doris, whose bright eyes were as cute as a deer's sparkled with longing, and whose pink lips pursed softly. The girl was so innocent and lovely that no one could refuse her.
	Rose knew that although Doris was more mature and sensible than the average children, she was still a kid. Even though she pretended that she didn't care of having no father, and pretended that she could be strong enough to protect her mother, Doris was still longing for paternal love.
	She longed for her father's love as much as for her mother's.
	There were many times when Doris fell asleep, she would unconsciously call "Daddy". In Doris's heart, Daddy was like a mountain, which could make them rely on and make them feel safe.
	She was a selfish mother, thinking that as long as she could give Doris all the maternal love, Doris could be happy. But even if Doris was really happy, paternal love was very important for a child.
	Bright saw that Rose was looking at Doris in silence with no expression on her face, while Doris looked eager and cute, which made him a bit anxious.
	"Don't you want Doris to call me dad?" Bright's fingers tightened around her waist, his eyes half narrowed and lightened up.
	Rose looked at him, shaking her head. "No."
	"With our current relationship, Doris can call me Daddy, right?" Bright asked her again.
	"Yes." Rose nodded.
	They were husband and wife, and she was the mother, and he was the stepfather, but actually he was Doris's biological father, so Doris should call him "Daddy".
	"Did Doris hear what your mother said? It is fine to call me father." Bright got the answer he wanted and looked at Doris, who had been hoping for her mother's approval.
	Doris, of course, heard Rose's answer, but she was a little unsure. "Mom, can I really call handsome uncle ‘Daddy'?"
	"Didn't Doris always want a father?" Rose raised her lips and smiled.
	Doris pressed her lips together, a little sheepishly. "Not always."
	"Really? Did I make a mistake?" Rose teased her daughter when Doris said this, "Since you don't want to, then..."
	"Mother, it would be nice to have a father, if you agree. He can take care of you, and I'm relieved to follow Dougie's footsteps." Doris put her left hand on her chest and stretched her right hand straight in front of her, making a take-off position.
	"Since Doris likes a handsome uncle so much, mommy doesn't want to be the bad guy and I agree." Rose nodded gently, with determination shining in her eyes.
	"Wow, mommy, you are so good. I love you. You are the most beautiful..." The little flatterer gladly clapped her hands.
	And then Doris looked at Bright, her black and white eyes full of excitement. She opened her mouth and her voice trembled uncontrollably. "Dad... dy."
	She had never called anyone "Daddy" since she was born. Although she had never met her own father, she thought that he should be just like Bright, who could bring her happiness and love all the time, and could protect her, and who she would always bear in mind.
	"Say it again, baby." Bright didn't seem to have heard it enough.
	It was an address that could warm his heart.
	Doris took a deep breath and said with all her strength and enthusiasm. "Daddy."
	This time, the address was clearer and more affirming than the previous one, which showed that Doris had recognized Bright as her father.
	"Good. Mom and I will go back to City H tomorrow." Bright assured her.
	"Well, I'll be waiting for you." Doris nodded happily.
	She could show off to the kids that she finally had a daddy. And he was the most handsome and best daddy in the world.
	Rose looked back at him. "You go back to City H with me tomorrow?"
	"I must." Bright said affirmatively.
	"You'll be tired by flying back and forth." Rose was worried about him.
	"Apart from work, I will spend all my time with you." Bright put his arm around Rose, "From now on, you will be the focus of my life. Wherever you are, wherever I am."
	Rose laughed. Who did he learn these sweet words from?
	"What's so fun?"
	"Nothing." Rose, trying not to laugh, said to Doris, "Doris, it's getting late. Go to bed."
	"Oh." Doris relied reluctantly.
	"Go to rest, Doris. Tomorrow you will see mom and me." Bright urged her to go to bed. "Be a good girl. Good night."
	"Yes, daddy." Doris raised her right hand and saluted. "Good night, mommy, daddy."
	When the video call was over, Nora turned Doris around to face her.
	"Doris, you are too partial. Am I not beautiful?" Nora was a little jealous.
	"Of course not. My mommy is the most beautiful mommy in the world. You are the most beautiful aunt in the world." Doris cleverly defused Nora's jealousy.
	Nora cupped Doris's cute face in her hands. "How could you be so lovely? I don't even want to give you back to your mother."
	"You are so beautiful. I am sure you will give birth to a more adorable baby!" Doris blinked her big, watery eyes.
	"I don't want to have children." Nora wrinkled her nose.
	"Are you afraid of pain?" Doris asked, tilting her head slightly, "I heard it hurts to give birth to child. If it's a C-section, you'll have a cut on your lower abdomen, and then you'll have a scar. You don't want your belly to have scar, do you?"
	"How do you know so much, little girl?" Nora raised her eyebrows.
	"That's how TV shows act." Doris learned all the adult stuff from television.
	"Don't watch too much TV." Nora raised her hand and patted lightly on Doris's forehead.
	"Why don't you want to have a baby?" Doris asked.
	Nora was a bit speechless by this question. After thinking for a moment, she finally gave the question up, "You are still young, and you won't understand. You will get to know it when you grow up."
	"The grown-ups always say that the children are innocent, but if you don't tell us, how do you know we don't understand? You are putting on too much brooding." Doris was serious. "To put it simple, you are just finding excuses."
	"Well, well, let's call it a day." Nora took Doris's hand and thought for a moment. "How about you being my daughter and let your mother and father have another baby?"
Chapter 147 Only You Are Qualified to Be Her Father
	Nora thought it was a good idea. It would not only fulfill her dream of having a child, but also further develop the relationship between Bright and Rose.
	"What do you think of that idea?" Nora continued, "Do you want your parents to have another baby?"
	"It would be nice if mom and dad have a new baby, but I can't be your daughter." Doris didn't mind her parents having another baby at all.
	"Why? Am I unkind to you?" Nora winked her pretty eyes at Doris.
	"You are very kind to me."
	"Isn't aunt's place funny?"
	"Not really."
	"Is it because I have no delicious food here?"
	"No, no."
	"You don't like Auntie?"
	"Yes, I love you very much."
	Both of them asked and answered for a while. Doris replied that she was satisfied with the place and liked Nora, but she did not want to be her daughter.
	Nora was a little unhappy. Everything was fine here, but why Doris didn't want to be with her?
	"Auntie, you are not a mother, so you may not understand that for children, no matter how good this place is or how happy they are at this time, it is not as happy as staying with their own mothers. Nothing in the world can replace their mothers." Doris held Nora's hand. When speaking of her mother, her eyes were shining.
	"Auntie, when you really be a mother, you will understand that no matter how hard the life is, even if they are so poor that they can afford a bowl of porridge every day, even if they are living in a broken and small house, even if wearing shabby clothes... they don't leave each other. They only feel happy when they are together."
	"Auntie, do you have a mother and father? If it were you, would you leave them?"
	Nora had a dim look in her beautiful eyes and a bitter smile on her face.
	She touched Doris's delicate face. "Doris, the world of children is like a fairy tale, but the world of adults is cruel."
	If it were her, she did not want to have such a father who cheated her, hurt her, and ruined her life.
	He treated her like a walking dead, and considered her as a pawn for expanding his career and exchanging interests.
	Since this was the life he wanted, she did what he wanted, but it was her right to live it as she wished.
	She didn't love Alan, so she wouldn't marry him or have children for him.
	Alan also accepted that they were a loving couple in front of their parents and friends, but they lived separately in private, and did not care about each other's private life.
	She had lost her chance to choose her own marriage, so she would definitely choose her own life.
	"Aunt..." Doris could feel Nora's sadness. "I'll spend more time with you later. Don't cry."
	Nora did not know why she couldn't control her emotions. Her nose and eyes were getting sore, and then her eyes felt stung. Not for a while, tears welled up in her eyes.
	"Why are you crying, auntie?" Nora suppressed her sadness and smiled. "I have gotten over all this, and I am not so fragile. Now I am happy."
	"But you are not really happy." Doris's innocent eyes could see her through.
	"Who told you that?" Nora smiled, scraping Doris's nose. "Let's go to bed."
	Nora didn't expect to be seen through by a child. It was so humiliating.
	Bright and Rose went to bed as well.
	"Go to bed early. We have to catch the plane tomorrow." Rose put the pillow down behind her and patted it twice, then she looked at Bright. "Are you telling the truth?"
	"What?" Bright was still leaning back against the pillow, raising his black eyebrows. "What do you mean?"
	"Tomorrow we'll go back to City H together." Rose felt it was a little unreal.
	He would fly to City H with her tomorrow, then stayed for a few hours and then returned back to City J. wouldn't it a waste of time?
	"When did I lie to you?" Bright glanced faintly at Rose.
	Rose was rendered speechless, knitting her eyebrows and lost in thought for a moment. "You promised to divorce me after three years, but you didn't do it."
	"I was afraid you would cry, so I changed my mind." Bright said proudly.
	"I cry?" Rose rubbed her eyebrows, and shouted at Bright, "No way."
	"So, you're still thinking about the past?" Bright said coldly.
	Rose was stunned, but then she calmed herself down, "Is that what you are thinking?"
	"You were hesitant to ask Doris to call me dad because her biological father is still alive and you don't want her to call anyone else daddy. You don't want anyone to replace Doris's biological father?" The idea suddenly hit Bright.
	In Bright's mind, Doris' biological father was Sky. Rose and Sky had story, and now they had become a family and they would meet from time to time. Bright could not help thinking about what would happen between them.
	He had never cared so much about a woman before, and he even got jealous because of her.
	Rose looked at Bright who looked grim and felt that he was really childish. The decisiveness and determination had long gone.
	The contrast really shocked Rose.
	"What makes you think so? Rose cast him a look and asked, "Do you really think so?"
	"What you have done makes me think so? Or what do you want me to think?" Bright stared at Rose.
	So, he was not better that the one who had hurt her?
	"Mr. Bright, no matter what you think, the only person in the world who can be Doris's father is you." Rose said lightly, but with a strong determination, "You love her, you protect her, and you care about her. No one is more qualified than you to be her father."
	"You say this to make me happy, right?" Bright looked away.
	"I only want to make you happy." Rose leaned against him, reassuring him. "I don't care for anyone else."
	Bright did not move. Only the warm light of the desk lamp in the room captured his chiseled physique, which was as delicate as a perfect statue.
	Rose couldn't help but look at him twice, and her eyes looked gentle by the warm light of the lamp.
	She leaned over, put her head close to him, and then kissed him gently on the face, like a feather gently swept over him, making him itchy...
	"Will you stop being angry..."
	Bright turned his head suddenly and kissed on her lips, silencing her voice, and did as he wanted to her...
	Rose clung to his shoulder and couldn't hold her breath. She was almost suffocated by his kiss.
Chapter 148 Are You Complaining
	In the morning, Bright got up early and went for a morning run. When Rose woke up, the person sleeping beside her was gone, leaving only his warmth and breath.
	Rose reached out her hand and stroked Bright's pillow, smiling contentedly.
	Last night after he kissed her, he didn't take next step and went to sleep with her.
	He said he would respect her until she wanted to have sex with him, and he did.
	Rose felt that after last night, their relationship seemed to warm up and they got closer, mentally.
	She turned over and glanced at the French window. A shimmer of light filtered through the heavy curtains.
	She lifted the sheet and walked to the French window to withdraw the curtain, letting a shower of light flood into the room, then she pushed open the window and stepped out.
	Rose felt the fresh air and the gentle morning breeze.
	Standing on the balcony, she made a few random simple movements to wake herself up, then leaned her hands against the fence, closed her eyes, and breathed deeply in the beauty of nature.
	A few minutes later, she slowly opened her eyes and looked down. Bright happened to run back from the distance. He was wearing a white hooded sports suit today. The white made him look more handsome and fresher than usual. He seemed to look younger and more energetic after the running.
	As he ran closer, she waved at him and called, "Good morning, Mr. Bright!"
	"Ms. Lee, it's getting late." Bright saw her figure on the balcony from a distance.
	"It's only eight o'clock." Rose just checked the time. She didn't get up too late.
	But it was too late for Bright, who had to get up at six.
	"Have more sleep, then?" Bright said.
	"No." Rose saw him running across the balcony, "I'm going to wash up."
	Bright raised his hand and motioned her to go ahead, without changing his standard running posture.
	Rose went back into the room from the balcony and hurried to the bathroom to wash herself. Bright came up later and was sure to take a shower.
	Rose worked very fast and it only took her 10 minutes to wash herself up, and then she applied the skincare products on her face.
	Bright came up panting, dabbing his sweat with a white towel.
	"Why does Mr. Bright have so much energy?" Rose stepped forward and poured him a glass of warm water.
	Rose didn't think she had the discipline as he did.
	Bright drank the water slowly and said softly, "I can't help it. I can't use my energy on the one who needs it, so I can only use it on the running. Otherwise, someone would be drained out of energy."
	Rose flushed. Bright was always making fun of her.
	So, he was angry that he didn't get what he wanted last night?
	"Is Mr. Bright complaining?" Rose's eyes sparkled.
	"Ms. Lee, I dare not." Bright put the towel down and stared at her. "There will be time to make up for it later."
	The light went out of Rose's eyes.
	Bright got up with a smirk and said, "I'm going to get dressed. Megan has already made breakfast. You can go down and have some if you're hungry."
	Rose watched him walk toward the bathroom, wondering how she had been taken advantage of again.
	When she was thinking about how to comfort him, what he said made her feel no guilt at all.
	Rose turned to leave the bedroom and walked down the stairs. Seeing her coming into the dining room, Megan smile, "Did you sleep well last night?"
	"Yes." Rose felt that she slept better than the night before. She wondered if it was because Bright was holding her that she felt a sense of security. In his arms, smelling his familiar smell, she soon fell into a deep sleep.
	Bright had a lot of credit for that.
	"That's good." Megan picked up the bowl. "Would you like some porridge or soy milk?"
	Rose scanned the rich breakfast on the table and found that there were pancakes and deep-fried dough sticks. Of course, she chose soy milk, which was a perfect match with the fried dough sticks.
	"Soy milk, please." Rose pulled back her chair and sat down. "Megan, did you make these yourself?"
	"Yes." Megan put the soy milk in front of Rose, "When Mr. Bright was a child, he liked to drink soy milk and had deep-fried dough sticks, but he was not allowed to eat outside, so I learned to make them by myself and cooked them for him whenever he wanted to eat."
	"He's really happy." Rose envied.
	Megan offered the candy. "You will be happier when you marry to him. Let me know what you want to eat and I'll make it for you."
	"Thank you, Megan. That's very nice of you." Rose happily ate the fried dough sticks.
	She put a deep-fried dough stick into the soy milk, and when it got soft and swollen, she would put them into the mouth. With the aroma of soy milk, the deep-fried dough sticks were really delicious.
	Rose hadn't felt so hungry as she was now for a long time.
	When Bright came down, he happened to see Rose's eating look, which was as cute as a child.
	"Mr. Bright, good morning." Megan saw Bright coming and greeted him.
	Rose had just licked her finger when Bright showed up and she choke. "Oh..."
	"Take it slowly. If you love the deep-fried dough sticks, ask Megan to cook it for you every day." Bright patted her back lightly with his hand.
	"Megan is so good at cooking."
	After the breakfast, Bright and Rose bid goodbye to Peter and Megan and left for the airport to City H.
	The ticket was bought by Bill. The plane would take off at 11: 45. Two hours later, the plane landed at City H Airport.
	Bright put on sunglasses before he got off the plane. After all, he was too handsome, and he didn't want to attract too much attention, so he always wore his sunglasses to cover up his appearance. But he didn't know that wearing sunglasses would help him attract more attention.
	Fortunately, with Bright's status, he used the VIP channel, so as to avoid unnecessary disturbance.
	Instead, they met Austin, Marcus, and Dougie of the Burning Boys and their agent.
	"Hello, Mr. Bright." The three of them were very polite to greet Bright.
	"Hello." Bright reached out and shook hands with all three of them.
	The agent said to Bright, "Mr. Bright, we have reached an agreement with Mr. Hank about the endorsement. The press conference will be held next week."
	"Good. I'll be there on time." Bright offered them more than a little temptation, and they would be fools not to take it.
	"Good." The agent nodded. "Mr. Bright, please."
	Rose was held tightly by Bright all the way, afraid that she would run away.
	Doris, who had been waiting for them, came running up to them as soon as she saw Rose and Bright, "Mom, Dad."
	"Baby, give me a hug." Bright looked at the lovely Doris and was ready to bend down to pick her up.
	It was then that Doris saw Dougie standing behind Bright...
	"Dougie." When Doris saw Dougie, her round eyes were very excited and her little face was red and lovely.
	Dougie saw Doris, too, and gave her a gentle smile that was as bright as the sun.
	Doris immediately changed direction and ran to Dougie, then excitedly hugged him around the waist. Bright saw that Doris went past him, and felt disappointed to watch Dougie "abducted" his baby daughter.
	It seemed that his charm was far less than Dougie's and he always was not as good as Dougie in the heart of Doris.
	Rose patted Bright on his shoulder, saying, "Don't be angry. I'm not as important to Doris as Dougie is. Would that make you feel better?"
	Bright looked cold and frowned, "This guy is just younger than me. I was much more handsome than him when I was young."
	"Yes, yes, Mr. Bright is the most handsome." Rose said so, trying not to smile.
	Bright put his hands in the pockets of his suit and then looked at Doris and Dougie.
	Doris only had Dougie in her eyes, like a little fool.
	Nora, who had accompanied Doris to pick up Rose and Bright, walked over on her seven-inch stiletto heels and handed her flowers to Bright. "Doris bought it to welcome you."
	"My daughter is very sweet." Bright looked at the bouquet. Doris still had him in her heart.
	Doris rushed up to Bright and took the bouquet from Nora. "Daddy, I can't give it to you right now. I want to give it to Dougie."
	Doris's eyes sparkled like beautiful stars.
	Bright felt her heart was broken. The hugs were gone. Now he had lost his flowers.
	But Doris was so fond of Dougie that he couldn't refuse the little girl's pleading eyes.
	"Go on, daddy doesn't like the stuff." Bright seemed to be being generous, but he was jealous that Dougie stole his baby girl's heart.
	"Thank you, Dad. That's very kind of you." Doris smiled happily. "I'll make it up for you next time."
	"No, no. I just want you to be happy." Bright was gentle to and doting on her.
	When Doris turned around, Bright's smile faded. Nora joked, "Mr. Bright, are you jealous like a child?"
	"How would I?" Bright sort out his suit and said with pride.
	"That might be possible." Nora lowered her voice slightly, "I heard that the daughter is the father's lover in the previous life, but your lover only has Dougie in her eyes, and leaves you alone here."
	Rose reached out and gave Nora a light tug on her dress, motioning her to stop.
	Bright's face was cold. "Whoever wants to marry my daughter will have to get my approval. She is now so young, and the one who gets her love right now might lose it when she grows up. And I have been able to accompany her growing up. That's enough. You have never been a parent, so I am not surprised that you don't understand it."
	Bright got Nora's hurting spot. It was not that she did not want to have a child, but the one she wanted to have a baby with had already passed away, so she gave up the idea of having a child.
	"Can't you two talk nicely?" Rose saw Nora's face turn a little pale. "Everyone's life is different," she said.
	As they talked, Doris walked over to Dougie and handed him the flower. "Dougie, welcome to City H. This is my hometown. I go to kindergarten here, and you can come to visit me when you are free."
	"I'll try." After all, they came here to participate in an activity. After the activity was over, they would go to the next station, so he might not have enough time.
	"I know you're busy, I'm just saying. I'll be relieved as long as you take care of yourself." Doris sent the flowers to him again, reminding him to take it. "Of course I will take care of myself."
	"You have to study hard." Dougie looked at the flower and took it with both hands.
	He took the flowers and walked over to Bright. "Mr. Bright, I'll give you this for Doris," he said respectfully.
	Bright didn't expect Dougie to do so, and he had different ideas for Dougie, who was not only good-looking, but also sensitive.
	Bright took the flower and put it in Rose's arms. "Flowers match a beautiful woman. It suits you better."
	Rose did not push it away, holding the flower in her arms and sniffing at it. "The flowers are so sweet," she said. "My daughter has a good taste."
	Rose took Doris's hand. "Let's go home."
	Bright naturally held Rose's shoulder. Nora's eyes were slightly moist as she looked at the warm picture of the three of them.
	"What's the matter?" Rose noticed it carefully.
	"I feel happy for you." Nora was really happy to see Rose come out of her misery. At least one of them was happy.
	"I wish I can be happy for you one day." Rose meant that she hoped Rose to find her own happiness.
	"I hope so." Nora did not know whether she would meet another person she really liked. It had been five years, but no one could walk into her heart and replace the one she once loved.
	"Where there is hope, there is future." Rose felt that Nora had trapped herself. "Take a long-term look. I can do it, and so can you."
	They were besties, and they had a hard time in a relationship. But if she could get over the past and find her loved one, Nora could also do it.
	"Let's go." Nora nodded.
	"Goodbye, Dougie," Doris said to Dougie.
	"Goodbye Doris." He waved back to Doris.
	Out of the departure lounge, Nora's driver had pulled over to the side of the road and Bright helped put the suitcase in the trunk of the car.
	Nora and Doris got into the car first, while Rose was waiting for him.
	But he didn't move. Rose asked, "What's the matter?"
	"I won't go with you." Bright put his hand on her shoulder. "After all, this is City H. I have to work with you from now on. We have to act real so that their enemies would let down the guard. And then it will be stronger when we fight back."
	Rose nodded. They had to keep distance if they wanted to make clear whether Timothy or Sophie was behind the frame.
	"From now on our relationship is broken." Bright put away the smile on his face as his eyes grew cold and suspicious.
Chapter 149 He Who Is Willing to Spend Time with You Loves You Most
	Bright's strength was just right, and the push made her stumble slightly, but not make her fall on the ground.
	Rose stood up and looked at Bright, who went on without looking back, but she felt safe.
	Bright was her backing, so she could press ahead without any worries.
	Rose got into the car when she saw Bright disappear into the lobby.
	"Go." said Rose lightly.
	Nora thought something was wrong with Rose and Bright. "What's wrong with you guys?"
	"Nothing. I'll tell you later." Rose shook her head. "Let's go to your home first."
	Nora did not ask further, and asked the driver to drive to her home.
	At Nora's place, Rose was finally relaxed.
	"Go and have fun yourself. I have something to talk to your aunt." Rose sent Doris away.
	Doris was good, and Nora had made a special place for her as her children's room. She could do whatever she wanted to do there.
	Nora was making coffee in the open kitchen and Rose was relaxing on the couch.
	It took a while before Nora brought two cups of freshly ground coffee. When she was back, she patted on Rose's leg. "Are you asleep?"
	"No." Rose sat up, feeling a little empty.
	"How long did you do last night?" Nora couldn't restrain her curiosity. "Is Mr. Bright all right?"
	"Damn you, what are you talking about?" Rose blushed at Nora's words, "I didn't do anything with him."
	"Just chatting under a quilt?" Nora was surprised, but Rose nodded firmly.
	She looked at Rose from head to toe and back and forth with serious eyes.
	Finally, her eyes settled on Rose's face and she frowned. "It shouldn't be so."
	"What?" Rose wondered as she held her coffee.
	"Which man cannot be fascinated by your face and figure? A man would jump on you and sleep with you. Mr. Bright and you are husband and wife. It is okay to have sex. Why hasn't he done anything?" Nora analyzed.
	"Do you think he's a prude or is he sick?"
	"It's fine and there is nothing wrong with him." Rose took a sip of coffee, and the mellow taste spread between her teeth.
	"Have you tried? Dare you say he is fine? If he is fine, how could he not sleep you?" Nora gave Rose a blank look.
	"Of course I have..." Rose almost spilled the beans, but immediately corrected herself, "He's been practicing every day. I am sure he has no problem. And we are husband and wife, but we are now in a relationship. He said he would respect me and only when I say yes, we would do it."
	"Mr. Bright is a gentleman, is he? Yes, he looks strong." Nora took a sip of her coffee. "Oh, right. Why did he get to the airport and then leave alone? Does he have to fly anywhere else to work?"
	"No, he goes back to City J." Starlight shone in Rose's eyes.
	Nora caught the glint of her eyes. "So, he's coming and going? Is there anything wrong in the family? Why left in such a hurry?"
	"No." Rose denied, with a little girlish sweetness on her face. "He just wanted to be with me and get me safely back to City H."
	Nora finally understood, "Well. How sweet you are."
	Rose took two more sips of coffee with satisfaction.
	Those who are willing to spend money with you might not be the ones who love you, but those who are willing to spend time with you must love you.
	So, the world's most precious man is the one who is willing to spend time with you. Cherish that man, especially when he is a busy person, and is willing to squeeze time to be with you.
	Rose was moved by Bright's love.
	After being away from Bright for at most an hour, she began to miss him, miss him by her side, miss him holding her in his arms, miss his voice, and miss his kiss.
	"It will be sweeter in the future." Rose answered.
	Nora gave her a thumbs up. "It's good to see you like this. It's like you are being you again."
	"Yes. I do feel like finding myself again." Rose thought so. "You can too. You are just lost right now."
	"It's on me again." Nora sighed. "Not everyone is so lucky as you are to find your lost self. I don't feel lost, I feel dead."
	"Of course you can't find yourself with that mindset." Rose suddenly thought of the person she saw in City Y, and after a long time of hesitation, she said, "Nora, I mean what if... What if he's not dead?"
	Nora stared at her, with coffee in hand, in an elegant posture.
	"You asked me the same question last time." Nora thought Rose had asked it twice. "Is there something you're hiding from me?"
	"I..." Rose bit her lips, but decided to tell her all she knew. "Nora, will you listen to me calmly?"
	Nora nodded.
	"One day at City Y, Jane and I were having dinner, and someone paid for us. When I ran out, the guy was already in the car, and I just saw a little bit of his face through the raised window. I thought it looked a lot like him... Of course, there are a lot of people in the world who look like each other. You know, there are lost twin brothers or sisters, so I think I might be wrong."
	Nora, however, was extremely calm and said, "I think you mistook it. Or maybe you believe it is him, so you thought that man is like him."
	And then she added, "He is dead. There will be no more of him."
	"Well, let's drop this off." Rose felt relieved to say it, but it didn't help Nora.
	Nora was calm on the surface, but in her heart, she knew better than anyone how much she wanted him alive.
	She said this because she did not dare to give herself a glimmer of hope, for fear that she would miss him more, for fear that she would lose even the disguised happiness, and for fear that the marriage would not be able to trap her.
	"Tell me about you and Mr. Bright. Why did he push you when you left?" Nora quickly changed the topic, "You said you will tell me when we are back."
	"That's because we're looking for the man behind the frame..." Rose gave Nora a brief account of what had happened, including the plan she had in mind.
Chapter 150 The Exact Same Dish As His
	After having dinner with Nora and playing for a while, Rose came back to the Lin residence with Doris.
	It was getting dark and the villa was brightly lit.
	When they got back, the grandmother had already gone to bed. Only Joy was in the living room. When she saw Rose, she was more enthusiastic than before, "Rose and Doris, good evening. Have you eaten yet?"
	"Yes." Rose held Doris and was about to leave.
	Joy asked her again, "I heard that you have gone to City J on business."
	"Yes."
	"Have you met Mr. Bright?" Joy was concern about their relationship now.
	"Yes." Rose knew clearly what Joy meant, "He even put off his social intercourse to climb the mountain with me. We had a good time."
	"It sounds great." Joy laughed, "It's getting late. Go upstairs and rest now. Good night."
	Rose then remained calm and took Doris upstairs.
	Joy stood still and watched them go upstairs, frowning in confusion.
	There seemed to be something wrong. Sophie said that she had asked someone to go to the Lee family to reveal the fact that Rose was Bright's mistress. The Lee family was so prestigious that the woman who could marry into it should also be a young lady of note in City J and had a powerful background. So, the Lee family would deal with it. Besides, Joy heard from Sophie that the man told her that although the Lee family's master did not get very angry, he was a little unhappy.
	So, Rose shouldn't be able to climb the mountain with Bright happily.
	Or Sophie was fooled by that person?
	At that moment, Chandler, who had returned from a dinner party, walked in and elbowed Joy who froze, "What are you looking at?"
	"Nothing." Joy did not dare to tell Chandler about what Sophie had done. Because she was afraid that Chandler would destroy their plan.
	She did not agree with Sophie. But she also did not want Rose to become arrogant because of Bright in the Linder family. So, she turned a blind eye to what Sophie had done.
	Rose must offer the design of the Beach Hotel in two weeks. So, she had to be busy with her work. Time flied.
	She and Bright had no contact on the surface. But they would chat on WeChat.
	Bright sent this to her at noon: Even if you're busy with work, you should eat.
	Rose replied in a playful and amusing way: I'm not as busy as Mr. Bright. I should be the one who is worried about whether Mr. Bright has a good meal.
	Bright then got up and went to the round table by the sofa. There were several dishes on the table, all of which were the lunches Bill ordered for him every day.
	Bright: Would you like to join me?
	Rose sent an emoji: The big boss's working meal is so rich! I suddenly feel I am so poor.
	Bright sat down in the sofa: You want to eat? It's only fair that you give something in exchange, right? Mrs. Lee.
	Rose sent an emoji of kiss to bribe Bright.
	Bright smiled: I'll remember that Mrs. Lee owes me a kiss. Wait.
	Wait? What should she wait for?
	Rose propped her head, frowned, and thought. She should go to the company's canteen now.
	She put down her pen, got up, and went to the cafeteria. Just as she served her meal, she saw Amy waving at her.
	Rose then walked to her. Amy was the only one who was the most enthusiastic to her in the company and always helped her. Matthew also helped her. But he was her boss anyway. She was now married. So, they should avoid arousing suspicion.
	"This drumstick is for you." Amy took a drumstick from her plate and gave it to Rose.
	"Then I'll share some of these sweet and sour pork chops with you?" Rose said.
	"No. There were only two drumsticks when I was there. Thinking of that we only get drumsticks once a month, I took one for you." Amy liked drumsticks the most. "Relax. we should help each other as colleagues."
	Rose felt that Amy was reasonable and secretly remembered her kindness.
	"Let's enjoy it."
	Just as they began to eat, a man in Scent Pearl Restaurant's take-out clothes came with Scent Pearl Restaurant's special antique rectangular food container.
	Scent Pearl Restaurant was a national chain of popular high-end restaurants. People who wanted to have a meal there must be their members. Members needed to pay an annual fee. Their chefs were proficient in eight cuisines. The food they cooked made others' mouth watery.
	The delivery man walked in. Everyone fixed their eyes on the beautiful retro food container and could not help but swallow.
	The delivery man stood in front of Rose's table and studied her. Seeing her work ID on her neck, he said, "Are you Ms. Rose?"
	"Yes." Rose lightly put down the chopsticks in her hand.
	"Please sign for it." The delivery man handed her the delivery note.
	Rose signed it and handed it back to the delivery man. The man put it away, opened the food container, and took out several dishes, including sweet-and-sour fish, stir-fried tofu in hot sauce and fried beef with pepper, braised bamboo shoot and fried shrimps with Longjing tea, braised chicken with chestnuts, and egg soup with tomatoes.
	These dishes were exactly the same as the ones in the photo Bright had sent her.
	So, this was what Bright had meant by waiting. He ordered the same dish for her. Rose was touched by his kindness.
	He had caught her heart and let her fall in love with him in such an unexpected way.
	After the delivery man left, Amy looked at the rich dishes on the table. It smelled so good that it made her hungrier now.
	The other people looked at the food on the table, smelled the aroma, and envied.
	Only Lily and her best friend were jealous.
	"Rose, did your husband order all this for you?" Amy could only think of this.
	"I guess so." Rose just smiled lightly.
	"Rose, your husband is so nice to you." Amy looked envious, "I've never eaten the dishes in Scent Pearl Restaurant. I heard that it is very expensive. The price of some dishes is equal to my monthly salary."
	Rose took sweet-and-sour fish for Amy, "Then you've tried it today."
	"Rose, you are so kind." Amy was touched, "But is this okay? This is a gift from your husband."
	"Good things should be shared with friends. Just help yourself." Rose thought Amy was too cute.
	"Well, thank you."
	Lily at the next table watched this and was so angry that she had no appetite at all.
	"Lily, Rose can't necessarily get dishes from Scent Pearl Restaurant even if she has money. Her husband is so powerful?" someone asked in confusion.
	"Does she really have a husband when she says she does?" Lily looked angry and said rudely, "Maybe she's the mistress of someone."
	"Yes. she looks dissipated. A mistress who destroys people's families will come to no good end."
Chapter 151 Leave Room for Manoeuvre
	Amy was particularly angry to hear Lily and her friends slander Rose. She said to Lily, "Lily, it is just sour grapes. Do you think you are better than others?"
	"Sour grapes? What a joke." Lily snorted coldly, "If she has a husband, why does she not bring him here and let us see him? She declines with all sorts of excuses. Even if her husband sends her dishes and flowers, so what? Does she dare to bring her husband here? I'm afraid her husband will be too ashamed to see us, right?"
	"Yes. At least, Lily and the young master of Vortex Corporation are aboveboard and are not afraid of anyone speaking ill of them." Niamh Flores, Lily's friend, spoke for her, "Last time, the young master invited us to Clond Club. You won't forget how generous the young master was to Lily, will you?"
	"Amy, do you think you are a good guy? Rose drove a Ferrari and gave you some dishes from Scent Pearl Restaurant. Then, you're like a dog and flatter her. I hope that it will not be all in vain, or you'll be miserable."
	Niamh really had a silver tongue.
	Amy was angry and anxious after being scolded by Niamh. She also felt especially aggrieved, "You ... you guys are the dogs which bite people everywhere."
	"You're a pug which follows a mistress." They answered with sarcastic rebuttal, making Amy almost cry with anger, "You guys ... I'm going to tell Mr. Matthew you guys are going too far."
	"Suit yourself. It is now lunch break. Mr. Matthew will not care so much." Not to be outdone, Ximena Sutton, another member of them, fought back, "Besides, Lily and the young master of Vortex Corporation are very intimate."
	They seemed to be arrogant and do as they pleased to Lily's relationship with the young master of Vortex Corporation.
	Rose had not intended to bring trouble on herself. But what they said and did were going too far.
	They did not like her and bullied her. But just because Amy was close to her, they humiliated Amy like this. It was too abominable.
	If she always endured it all the time, she would be treated as a punchbag.
	"Leave room for manoeuvre, okay? We are colleagues. Why are you guys so aggressive? Lily, do you forget that you have been deducted six months of bonuses by Mr. Matthew?" Rose reminded them with a good attitude.
	"Rose, how dare you mention this? If it were not for you, would I have been deducted six months of bonuses? I know that Mr. Matthew was partial to you. I do not believe that there is nothing between you and Mr. Matthew." Thinking of her bonus, Lily felt distressed.
	Rose was about to say something when she noticed a familiar figure approaching. Looking at the person coming, she was shocked and then surprised.
	"Lily?" the handsome man stood in front of Lily and glanced at her work card.
	"I ... I am." Lily looked at the handsome man in front of her. Although the man looked gentle and soft, Lily felt a little scared and panicked, "Who are you?"
	"I am the leader of YM Group's head office. Please repeat what you just said." The man's voice was cold, "If it's true as you said that there is an improper relationship between subordinates and boss, I will apply for the headquarters to fire her."
	"Really?" Lily was astonished.
	"Lily." Niamh, however, pulled Lily, telling her to calm down, "How can we believe that you are the person from the headquarters? Who are you?"
	The man pulled out his work card, which read William Quinn from the headquarters of YM Group, and his position was design director.
	"I am William Quinn."
	Lily, Niamh and Ximena, and the others in the cafeteria were all surprised.
	The man was the legendary design director! He looked handsome and gentle. His voice was charming and soft. He was also an excellent talent who graduated from the best design institute and returned from abroad. He amazed everyone here.
	William always kept a low profile in life and work. Although he had taken over many big cases and dealt with them it perfectly, he never gave interviews and never cared about the branch office. So, few people had seen him as a real person.
	He actually came to the branch office in City H, which was a rare opportunity for Lily.
	"Mr. William?" Lily smiled flirtatiously.
	"You can talk to me anything you want to say." William smiled gently.
	"I ..." Lily was about to say something. But she stopped and looked at Rose, "Mr. William and Rose know each other, right?"
	Rose used to work in the design department of the headquarters. She naturally had worked with William, the design director.
	"We used to work together in the headquarters. So, we of course know each other." William was sensible and clever while mentioning their relationship.
	"Mr. William, this is my first meeting with you. Would you believe what I said?" Lily wasn't that stupid.
	"I only believe in evidence." William was reasonable, "Give me the evidence and I will deal with her according to the evidence."
	"We have seen with our own eyes that when Rose just transferred to City H, she has taken Mr. Matthew's car a few times to go to and get off work. Soon, she drove a Ferrari sports car. She can't afford to buy such a car worth of million at her wage level. If she did not have background, how could she get the position of design director after coming here?" Ximena was excited and said.
	"Everyone can talk. What I want is evidence." William reminded them again.
	"I didn't think too much at that time. So, I didn't take pictures." Ximena now felt very regret.
	"You have no evidence. That means you're speculating and doubting your boss!" William became cold and angry.
	Ximena was frightened by such William. She lowered her head and did not dare to look at him, "I ... I do not think so."
	"Did you not say that?" William's eyes flicked from face to face, "Everyone can testify that I don't wrong you, right?"
	Ximena bit her lip and looked at Lily with some fear, asking Lily for help.
	"What does Miss Lily think should be done about this kind of behavior?" William, however, asked before Lily could speak anything.
	Lily was in a dilemma, thinking that Ximena was really stupid.
	"Mr. William, she's just a bit straightforward and bears you no malice. Why don't we just forget it?" Lily spoke up for Ximena because Ximena had helped her a lot.
	"Forget it? Then the company's bylaws and rules are just for show!" William coldly snorted, "She can suspect Rose and Mr. Matthew have an affair today. Then she will suspect that I have an affair with Rose tomorrow, right?"
	"No, no. Mr. William, I don't dare." Ximena shook her head.
Chapter 152 What's the Harm in Being a Bad Guy for You Once
	"You don't dare?" William laughed and his handsome face was cold, "What you said is still echoing in my ears! I can't stand people like you who stir up enmity and frame your boss staying in YM Group."
	"So, you should not just be deducted half a year's bonus for framing your boss. You deserve to be fired."
	When Ximena heard that she was going to be fired, she was dumbfounded. She had just turned from a newcomer to a veteran employee and enjoyed a more favorable treatment in YM Group than in other design companies. She didn't want to be fired.
	Once she was fired, she couldn't keep a foothold in this city. She wasn't as pretty as Lily to find a rich boyfriend. She didn't have a strong family background and was just an ordinary person from an ordinary county. She didn't want to go back there.
	"Mr. William, isn't this punishment too tough?" Lily still wanted to keep Ximena. After all, Ximena was her capable assistant and she could not lose her.
	"I don't think so. This punishment is very fair." Amy stood out at the right time, "We should not make irresponsible remarks. Slander can also cause personal attacks."
	"And it's not the first time you guys talk like this. I still remember that a new girl left her job crying because of your verbal attack and humiliation. You guys also forced away a newcomer who had two more words with Mr. Matthew...."
	"You guys have done so many bad things. Shouldn't you be punished?"
	"Stop talking nonsense." Lily's face was pale. Niamh did not dare to speak and Ximena looked worried.
	"I am telling the truth. If there is any falsehood, I will be struck by lightning and split into two halves." Amy was firm and swore.
	At this point, the crowd began to whisper. Since Lily had a rich experience and had a wealthy boyfriend as her backer, few people in the company dared to offend her.
	Now that someone was going to punish her, they were all cheerful.
	"Amy is right. We also know these things." Someone supported Amy.
	"As long as someone does not obey Lily in the company, they will scold and bully him. It's really unbearable."
	"Mr. William, please deal with them."
	William nodded as he listened to the crowd, "So, Ximena has to leave the job right now."
	"No, Mr. William. Please don't fire me." Ximena stepped forward and pleaded, "I need this job."
	"It seems that you do not cherish this job at all." William didn't show any mercy, "After lunch, go to the finance office to settle this month's salary and three months' salary as compensation."
	At this time, Matthew also came. He heard from the assistant that something happened in the cafeteria and rushed here.
	"Mr. William." Matthew would go to the headquarters for a meeting every quarter. So, he naturally knew William.
	William nodded, "I think you know what happened. Do you think I'm handling it appropriately?"
	Ximena pinned her hope on Matthew and pleaded, "Mr. Matthew, you are the one in charge of this branch in City H. Mr. William's decision cannot be equal to yours. As long as you don't agree to fire me, Mr. William can't do anything about it. Mr. Matthew, for the sake of my years for the company, please give me a chance."
	"Opportunity is reserved for those who cherish it. It is obvious that you are not such a person. I think Mr. William's decision is appropriate. Even if he does not do it, I will do so. Executing one as a warning to a hundred is the best way to let more people know what the rules are!" Matthew was domineering and supported William.
	Seeing that Matthew said like this, Ximena had no hope at all.
	Her body went weak and she fell to the ground.
	Seeing this, Lily tried to help her. After all, Ximena had helped her a lot and knew something about her.
	But Ximena pulled her tightly and refused to release her hand, "Lily, help me. Please speak something up for me in front of Mr. Matthew and Mr. William...."
	"Ximena, this is the company's rules and the decision of Mr. Matthew and Mr. William. I am sorry. I cannot do anything about it." Lily glanced at Rose, implying that Rose was the one who could help Ximena.
	Ximena knew that this thing happened because of Rose. So, she could only ask Rose for her help.
	But asking Rose for her help meant that she had to admit she was wrong.
	Besides, Rose naturally would not help her. She was afraid that Rose would only laugh at her. Even if she was humiliated by Rose, she could not keep the job and would only make more people laugh.
	"Lilly, you have to help me. I did it all for you. I said those words on your behalf." The only person Ximena could ask for help was Lily.
	Lily became angry, "I didn't ask you to say that. Why are you framing me?"
	"I ... don't you think so? You said Rose was Mr. Matthew's lover…."
	"What are you talking nonsense? I didn't say anything!" Lily saw that Ximena began to speak without careful diction and was afraid that Ximena would say more against him, "What good is your nonsense to you? If you lose this job, you can just find another one. Why do you pursue a vendetta against me?"
	"Yes, Ximena." Niamh stepped forward to help Ximena up and took the opportunity to lower her voice, "It will not be good for you to say more. Stop speaking and I will ask Lily to persuade Master Ethan to find you a job. Stop being stupid now."
	Ximena had no choice but to do so. Otherwise, if she really offended Lily, she would not be able to have a good job in City H.
	Thus, Lily, Niamh and Ximena left first, and the people in the cafeteria also left one after another. It had blown over.
	Only William and Rose were left in the cafeteria.
	"Rose, long time no see." William's charming voice echoed in the quiet cafeteria, making people feel good.
	"Yeah, long time no see." Rose sighed that time flied.
	Rose looked at William, whom she hadn't seen for a long time. It was as if she had gone back to the years when they used to work together.
	William had accumulated some work due to his hospitalization. He had to spend time to deal with it. So, he only had time to come to see Rose in City H after these days.
	"You insist on going back to City H. Is this what you want?" As soon as William came, he saw people who were bullying her, making him angry and distressed.
	"Mr. William, you are so domineering this time." Rose expressed appreciation for him. She had never seen such a merciless William, "I almost thought you weren't the William I knew."
	"What's the harm in being a bad guy for you?" William didn't care what people thought of him. He just wanted to protect his beloved.
	Rose met William's warm gaze. But she did not deserve the care he gave her. Because she couldn't respond to his love. That was the worst thing for her.
	"I do not deserve it." Rose reminded him once more.
	"I said it's my business whether you deserve it or not. You don't have to feel burdened." William just wanted to be nice to her.
	"William, I have to tell you something."
Chapter 153 He Is Unreconciled
	Rose looked at William seriously with a light in her eyes. She looked complicated and firm.
	"Listen to me before you say it, okay?" William said softly.
	"Okay. You say it first." Rose pursed her lips, giving him a chance and showing respect.
	William sat opposite Rose. Outside the window, a few rays of sunlight fell on his handsome face, making him look gentler and so beautiful that people did not dare to blaspheme him.
	"Why do not you ask me the reason why I came to City H?" William asked rhetorically.
	"Business trip? To attend a meeting? Or to see me?" Rose guessed.
	"The first thing is to see you. It is also a business trip. Besides, I am here to attend a party." William switched the order of things she said.
	"Then you'll be here for a few days. Is there anywhere you want to go? I can be your guide." Rose wanted to perform the duties of the host. This was also a small reward for William's care for her for so many years.
	"I used to come to City H. But I always came and left in a hurry. This time, I really want to take a good look around and see this city where you grew up." William wanted to know more about her past and even wanted to attend to her future, "Of course you have to take care of me. This is your territory."
	"No problem." Rose said.
	"Rose, I will stay in City H for a week. A month later, I will be your colleague again." William's point was this.
	Rose was a little confused, "We are colleagues now too. We are just not in the same place."
	"That's not what I mean. I've submitted a transfer order. I want to come to City H and to your side." William smiled, "Rose, kindly give me your advice at that time."
	"William, don't do it. Your family, friends and contacts are all in City Y. You will get a better future in City Y. Don't leave everything you have for a woman. It's really not worth it. I won't feel happy for you when you do that, but distressed, you know?"
	Rose knew very well that William would only be demoted if he left the headquarters of YM Group to come to City H. After all, Matthew was the general manager in City H. If William was transferred, he couldn't kick Matthew out. Even if he was still the design director after transferring, it was still not as good as the same position in headquarters.
	"Rose, I could not retain you when you decided leave before. Then, I will come over to accompany you. This is my determination. I was not happy at all after you left. Watching someone else sitting in your former seat, I thought I should do something. That's what a man should do." William had made up his mind.
	"Rose, even if I can just look at your figure and your smile every day, I feel cheerful. Do you understand?"
	"William, I understand. But please stop being nice to me. Don't be so silly to give up everything you have for me… I am sorry. I only treat you as a friend." Rose took a deep breath and controlled her volume and emotions.
	She did not want to hurt William. But she had to say these words and could not avoid hurting him. Even if it was difficult to say, she had to say it. Otherwise, it would weigh upon his conscience and would also ruin William.
	Even if he would hate her, she was righteous.
	"Rose, I can wait for you." His time was only for her, "I have waited for four years and don't care about the next four years…."
	"You can't." Rose's eyes were red, "I ... am married."
	Her voice was very soft, which was just like a butterfly flying by. But it reached William's ears and shocked him.
	He just sat there. It was sunny. But he could not feel a trace of warmth.
	It was obviously a sunny day. But he felt so sad that it was as if it would rain the next second.
	Rose also did not move. The two were like a pair of statues. Time was frozen and it seemed to have fallen into a world of ice and snow. William shivered with cold.
	After a long wait, Rose could not bear the oppressive atmosphere and slightly said, "William, are you okay?"
	"Rose, you're lying to me, aren't you?" William forced a smile in disbelief, "You don't want me to delay my career and leave my parents and friends. So, you say such things to lie to me, right?"
	"Tell me you are telling a lie and you aren't married. You just don't want me to pester you like this, do you?"
	"No." Rose had mixed feelings, "I'm really married. I'm not lying to you, and I don't want to lie to you."
	"Don't say that about yourself either. You didn't pester me. It's just that I don't deserve your love and care. William, in this life, you are my friend and my mentor. But he is the one I want to spend my life with and I love."
	William was silent again. His eyes became completely dull. He looked so painful that that he was totally different from before.
	"William, I'm sorry." Even a million apologies could not heal his wounds.
	William gradually calmed down and smiled lightly. He looked cold and sad, "No need to say sorry. This is perhaps the fate."
	It was God who didn't want them to be together. He could only feel better by thinking that.
	"It's my fault for making you carry this pressure."
	Rose didn't know what to say. William was always like that. Even when he was hurt, he didn't want her to blame herself for it.
	"No pressure. It's an honor." It was an honor that such an excellent man loved her.
	"Who is he?" William clenched his fists, restraining himself.
	"It's someone you know." Rose said, "Bright."
	"Bright?" William was shocked, and then gave a relieved smile, "It is unexpected and reasonable. I'm just too unreconciled."
	He stayed with Rose for four years and Rose only treated him as a friend. Rose and Bright had only known each other for less than three months. But they could get married and spend their lives together.
	How could he not be jealous and sad?
	"Actually, we've known each other for a long time." Rose knew what William was thinking and slowly spoke of the past, "Three years ago ... So, we have only recently established a relationship. William, I know I should have told you about my relationship with him. But I couldn't because of the contract's restrictions. I didn't expect that things would come to this … I fell in love with him, and he also had feelings for me."
	"This is the best result. Otherwise, I would have beaten him up." William felt relieved after listening to what she said, "When can I come to your wedding?"
	"We haven't decided yet. But the formality doesn't matter. What matters is the determination to be together."
	"You are right. But if he treats you badly, I will take you away and never give him a chance again anyway."
Chapter 154 She Accept Him from Her Heart
	Rose felt relaxed after telling William everything. They were more suitable to be friends.
	"I haven't seen Doris for a long time. How about I pick her up from school with you after work and then go to dinner?" William suggested.
	He was no less fond of Doris than Bright. But Bright was Doris' father. This was the point where Bright had the advantage over William. So, Doris felt Bright was kind the first time they met.
	"OK." Rose agreed.
	William, who came to City H, was a guest, and she was the host. So, she naturally should perform the duties of the host. Besides, William was not only her boss, but also her friend. He had taken care of her for so many years and she owed him too much. She should repay him. A meal could show her kindness.
	In this way, Rose and William made arrangements. William did not leave and went to Matthew to talk about some things.
	After they finished talking, William didn't leave and sat on the sofa in Matthew's office drinking tea.
	"Mr. William and Rose are very familiar." Matthew picked up the kettle and poured the brewed tea into his cup.
	"Yes." William was not shy, "I thought she was very special from the moment she joined the company. She has special ideas and talent in design. For cherishing talent, I gave her some opportunities and she completed them very well."
	"Rose is indeed young and talented." Matthew also thought so.
	"I didn't expect her to return to City H. So, please take care of her in the future, Mr. Matthew." William had thought that he could shelter Rose for the rest of her life. He didn't expect her to leave him.
	" Don't mention it, Mr. William. Rose is so excellent and capable. She doesn't need other's care at all." Matthew was telling the truth, "Of course, I will treat a talent like her kindly."
	As a supervisor, he definitely wanted to keep his excellent employees. While as a colleague, he naturally should keep his distance from Rose.
	After all, Bright and Rose were somewhat ambiguous. He did not want to be a thorn in Bright's side.
	"I'm sorry to trouble Mr. Matthew from now on." William lifted his tea as a tribute.
	Matthew also raised his tea in return. After taking a sip of the sweet tea, he got up, "Make yourself comfortable, Mr. William. I'm going to work now."
	"OK." William nodded and sipped his tea, waiting until Rose got off work.
	William saw that it was almost time. Matthew was also already packing his things.
	"Rose is going to pick up her daughter after work. Mr. William will come with her?" Matthew picked up the suit jacket on the back of the chair and put it on.
	"Yes. I haven't seen Doris for a long time." William was gentler while mentioning Doris.
	Matthew walked to William. He naturally tidied up the cuffs of his white shirt with an extra cut of the suit cuffs and looked gentle.
	"My son is in the same class as Rose's daughter. Why don't we go there together?" Matthew said.
	"Let's go." William stepped out and Matthew followed.
	They went to find Rose just as Rose came out. Matthew smiled and said, "We're going the same way anyway. So, let's go pick up the kids together."
	Rose nodded. The three of them took the elevator to the underground parking lot, where Rose walked to her red Ferrari and pressed the key to unlock the doors.
	William was naturally drawn to her cool sports car. He approached it and pulled the door open to sit in it.
	"Fasten your seat belt." Rose reminded him.
	Matthew drove the car out of the underground parking lot first, and then Rose followed.
	"Looks like he's fond of you and so generous." William thought that the car was a gift from Bright to Rose.
	Rose was frugal and would not waste her money on such an expensive means of transportation. Secondly, her income was not enough for her to buy such an expensive car. So, he could not think of any reason why she would have such a luxurious car just a short time after returning to City H and could only think of Bright.
	Rose was very proud who never accepted gifts from anyone for no reason. She didn't want to owe anyone a favor, including him.
	But she accepted Bright's car, which meant she really accepted Bright and did not treat Bright as an outsider.
	William felt complicated and bitter. He was too late after all.
	"He didn't buy it for me." Rose knew he would misunderstand and explained, "I came home and found out my sister had such a nice car. So, I asked my dad to buy it for me too. That was fair."
	William was startled, not expecting Rose's father to be so rich, "Who is your father?"
	"It doesn't matter who he is at all. What matters is that he should make it up to me for what he owes me." Rose did not want to mention who her father was. Anyway, there was no family relationship between them. It would only make people laugh.
	William did not ask further questions. Since she didn't want to say it, he wouldn't ask.
	Rose did not continue the topic. Soon, they arrived at the kindergarten.
	Her car was parked behind Matthew's. They got out of the car and entered the kindergarten with a certificate. Then, they went to the class and picked up Doris and Wyatt and parted at the gate.
	Wyatt was loath to part with Doris. Rose invited them, "Mr. Matthew, why don't you go to dinner with us?"
	"Forget it this time. Mr. William seldom comes to City H. You guys must have a lot to say. I will not bother. There will be an opportunity for me to invite Mr. William and you to dinner." Matthew was sensible and did not want to bother and spoil the catch-up between them.
	"Wyatt, say goodbye." Matthew pulled his son.
	Wyatt said to Doris, "Bye."
	With that, they left. Rose took Doris to the car.
	"What do you want to eat?" Rose asked William.
	"A guest should suit the convenience of the host. Whatever you want, I'll eat." William wasn't picky. He just wanted to spend more time with her.
	Rose then drove to a fine restaurant with a wide and simple layout, which made people feel good.
	The first floor was the lobby. The second, third and fourth floors were private rooms.
	They sat in the lobby and was next to the window of the inner courtyard. Outside, there were green bamboos and the view here was good.
	Rose asked William to order, but he let her make the decision.
	Rose then ordered four dishes and one soup, which was suitable for them.
	She served tea for William and chatted with him while waiting for the dishes.
	They didn't notice that someone had been watching them for a while at the stairs and had taken out his cell phone to find some tricky angles to take pictures.
	Rose and the other two did not notice it at all. Then, the dishes were served.
Chapter 155 What's More Important Than Your Husband
	"Doris, there is steamed egg with minced meat you like. Have some more." Rose gave Doris the spoon.
	"Alright." Doris ate quietly.
	Rose greeted William, "Enjoy yourself. They are all home-cooked meals. If you don't like them, order another."
	"It all looks very good." William thought the dishes were exquisite and the food was delicious, which provoked people's appetite.
	Rose served a bowl of soup and put it in front of William, "Try the soup first."
	William drank the soup and thought it was delicious.
	Rose had just taken a bite of the dish when a message popped up in her phone from Bright.
	Bright: Where are you? Guess where I am.
	Rose had a premonition. But she didn't dare to think too much. So, she replied: Where are you?
	Bright quickly replied: I'm at the airport in City H.
	Rose's hand was weak and she almost dropped the phone: You come to City H? Why didn't you tell me earlier?
	Bright: I just want to give you a surprise.
	'It's not a surprise, but a shock, okay?' Rose thought to herself and tried to calm down.
	"What's wrong?" William saw Rose looking at her phone. Something seemed to be wrong.
	"Nothing." Rose looked up at William and continued to reply to Bright: It is indeed a surprise.
	Bright said again: I've decided on the fly and did not arrange a car. Come to pick me up, okay?
	How could she leave now? She could not just leave William behind and go away.
	Otherwise, what would William think of that? She would be a woman who was more interested in sex than friends.
	Rose replied, hoping that Bright would not insist: I can't leave now. You can take a taxi to the hotel. I'll come to you later.
	Bright was extremely "aggrieved" as she expected: What's more important than your husband? Mrs. Knight, do you want to refuse to take the responsibility?
	Rose exhaled lightly, looking at William opposite her. It seemed that she could only tell the truth. Besides, she and William were innocent and just friends. It was normal for friends to have dinner together.
	Rose weighed her words: William has come to City H on business. I'd like to perform the duties of the host and thank him for taking care of me all these years.
	Ten seconds, half a minute, a minute ... two minutes passed and Bright did not reply.
	Rose felt that the waiting time was lengthening and was a little anxious.
	She sent a message: Are you angry? Mr. William comes to City H for the first time. He is my friend and former boss. I should meet him and invite him to dinner. Anyway, I didn't do anything wrong. If you are angry, I have nothing to say.
	Rose didn't compromise, but spoke her ideas positively.
	Bright still did not reply. Rose did not wait for him. In the dinner with friends, it was disrespectful to keep chatting on the phone.
	William also put down the chopsticks and looked to Rose who had been looking at the phone and did not eat, "Rose, if there is anything, just say it."
	William could tell from her face that she was worried about something.
	"I … " Rose was just about to speak when a message came on her phone, "Wait a moment."
	She clicked on the message from Bright. It contained a few pictures of her and William in this restaurant.
	The angle of the pictures was tricky. So, it looked like they were a bit ambiguous.
	Rose frowned. It seemed that there were people who did not like her in this restaurant saw them, or someone was stalking her.
	If it was the former, then the person behind this was too scaring. The person must want to let Bright kill her.
	No wonder Bright sent such a message asking where she was at this time. It seemed he received the pictures earlier.
	Bright: I have thought you wouldn't tell me that William was with you. But since you told me, I'm not mad at you. He is so lucky that Mrs. Knight can have dinner with him. Besides, I didn't come to City H.
	Bright was just to test whether she would tell the truth.
	Rose replied: When do you become so mean?
	He even deceived her like this.
	Bright: Do you think I don't know what William is thinking? Do I have to be indifferent and generous when I see him chasing my wife?
	Rose could imagine that Bright was raising his eyebrows in disdain over there.
	Rose: It is just a meal. I owe him a lot and have to repay him. Besides, Doris is also with us. What are you worried about?
	Without William, there would not be her now.
	Bright replied: I'm on guard against him, not you. I'll repay him for you as your husband. You are allowed to sacrifice yourself to do it again. Even if you have to do it, I must be there too.
	Rose: I will report it to you in advance, okay? But you deceived me. What do you think I should do with you?
	Bright: I'll wash up and lie down on the bed as you wish.
	Rose wrinkled her pretty nose. She didn't care, okay?
	Rose finally replied: I have to eat enough to have strength. Don't disturb my dinner. Let's talk about it after I return home. Bye.
	Rose then put her phone away and didn't bother to read any messages.
	William was still waiting for her response.
	"He knew you're in City H and we're having dinner together. So, he let me treat you well." Rose was just telling a lie.
	William smiled, "I'm afraid this is not from Mr. Bright, but from you for him."
	He knew Bright very well. Bright would never say such gentle words. It was a kind word from Rose who wanted them to 'get along'.
	Rose kept smiling, "He said a lot. But that's what he meant in a nutshell."
	"He knew I'm having dinner with you here. Did he embarrass you?" William didn't want to trouble her, "I can explain to him."
	"No need. I've made it clear, and he did not embarrass me." Rose didn't want to say that Bright minded them having dinner together.
	"Rose, if he treats you badly, I'm always…."
	Rose interrupted him, "Let's hurry up and have dinner, or it will get cold and affect the taste."
	She changed the subject and served the roast beef with chestnuts for William.
	William insisted on finishing his words, "Rose, I will be glad if you live a happy life. If not, I do not want you to hurt yourself, even if that man is Bright."
	"I don't think I'm the one who will hurt myself. William, don't worry. I know what I should do. No matter what happens to me and Bright in the end, I will never take you as a rebound guy. Do you understand?" Rose was just afraid that William would always stay like this. If so, she would feel guilty.
	"You shouldn't give up your life for me. William, look forward. Happiness is waiting for you not far away."
	"Let's be friends for life, okay?"
Chapter 156 She Would Never Be Softhearted and Irresolute
	Rose expressed her opinion sincerely and firmly. She just wanted William to give up the idea of waiting for her forever.
	The life was as short as decades of years. This kind of sacrifice was just wasting time and life, which was really unfair to him.
	One should really live the life more sensibly. Love with every fiber of his being when there is someone to love, and to love himself when there is none.
	William knew that Rose felt uneasy because he mentioned it again, "Rose, I am sorry. I said so out of sheer desperation. It's OK that we be friends for the whole life, but just don't attach more importance to your love than to friendship."
	"Of course not." Rose smiled with relief, and she believed William would keep his word.
	"Well." William took up the tea cup from the table.
	Rose also took up the tea cup and clinked it with him. They said respectively.
	"May you be happy."
	"May our friendship last forever."
	After speaking, they drank off the tea and looked at each other, smiling. All the words were too unconvincing, and only this friendship was stuck in the mind.
	After the meal, William was about to pay the bill when Rose stopped him, "This is City H, where I am living, and I am the host. If you pay the bill, I will be angry and we can't even be friends in the future."
	Therefore, William compromised. Rose paid the bill and felt very happy, feeling that she would owe William fewer favors.
	Rose drove William back to the Four Seasons Hotel, and drove back home together with Doris.
	Rose and Doris read books for a while. Then Rose gave Doris a bath, coaxed her to sleep, and went to see grandmother as usual…
	It was almost at 10:00 pm when she went upstairs to go to sleep. Bright gave her a phone call.
	"Why haven't you replied to me for such a long time?" Bright asked.
	"Do you want to start a quarrel?" Rose stood at the balcony of the second floor.
	Bright got stunned, and thought for a few seconds, "What do you want to do?"
	"He and I are just friends. We just had a meal together. Are you doubting me now? I have given up so many things for you. Do you deserve my sacrifice?" Rose felt a little sad and angry.
	If Bright still didn't know what had happened hearing this, then he was too stupid.
	"Mrs. Lee acted a really good play." Bright smiled slightly, "What do I need to answer in order to help you playact better?"
	"What do you mean?" Rose asked, greatly shocked, "Are you going to abandon me? Why? Didn't you say that although you can't give me wife's name, you will treat me well and will never abandon me?"
	"Well, let's break up." Bright cooperated with her, in case that she playacted alone.
	"I don't want to break up, and I don't need the name. I just want to stay with you." Rose pestered him, "I won't be afraid even if she knows it."
	"What I said will never change, and we have no relationship in the future."
	"What? How about my youth of so many years? Are you going to return to her side? How could you cheat me? I won't accept, never…"
	"The result is the same whether you accept or not."
	"I can't lose you… Don't hang up the phone… you…" Rose took down the earphone and glanced at it, saying with gritted teeth, "Bastard!"
	Rose was so angry that she felt out of breath, with hands on the fence, and her eyes turned red.
	A slim figure walked close slowly, until stopping in front of Rose.
	"Rose, are you OK?" Sophie was worried about her.
	"Nothing." Rose restrained herself from shedding tears, and went back to her cold appearance.
	"I have heard that you seem to have quarreled with someone. But Rose, don't think much. I just went downstairs to drink some water and heard your loud voice, so I came to have a look. I haven't stolen anything." Sophie explained herself.
	"It is you who think too much. Now I am so happy every day. Who will I quarrel with?" Rose moved her hair from in the front to behind the shoulder with elegance, showing her fair and beautiful neck, "You have misheard."
	"Maybe I have misheard. I have a poor hearing because of being pregnant. Rose, you have also given birth to Doris, so you can understand me, no? Will you be angry with me?" Sophie handed the glass to her, "Do you want to drink some water?"
	"Sophie, don't you think it's dirty? I do." Rose looked up with slightly raised chin, "Just go to sleep early. If a woman doesn't have enough sleep when being pregnant, it's very easy to get wrinkles and look old."
	"Besides, it's easy to get cyasma and gain weight… A woman will be degraded once being pregnant, and will have ugly cyasma and slack skin after the birth… It is really disgusting."
	"Although you are a born beautiful, I am afraid you can't avoid the natural law. Men are sensory animals, and will give more stares to young and beautiful women with attractive body shape. You had better pay more attention to your husband. You are getting bulgy day after day. During the lonely days… What would your husband do? You should be careful in order not let him seduced by another woman. If so, all your efforts will come to nothing."
	What Rose said made Sophie's face turn pale. Rose reminded Sophie that Sophie robbed her of Sky, and it would also happen to Sophie.
	"Rose, you worry too much. It will never happen." Sophie felt quite confident, but with tightly clenched fists, "I want to suggest that you keep your place."
	"I am not as tactful as you are. I am tired and I am going to sleep."
	Rose walked away with elegant and unperturbed steps. Her slim and tall receding figure was still so fascinating.
	But so what? Perhaps she had fallen out with Bright. Losing Bright as the patron, how long would she be complacent?
	What Sophie should do now was to pay more attention to Sky. She couldn't allow Rose to rob her of Sky because she was pregnant.
	She had to find a chance to make Rose notorious just like 5 years ago, making Rose never get up again.
	As soon as Rose walked in the room, she called Bright back, and Bright answered it quickly.
	"Sophie was by my side just now."
	"So, you playacted to be abandoned by me in order to confuse her."
	"Yes. If she has done something to the photos, then this result will make her get what she wants." Rose sat down on the armchair, saying with crossed legs, "Then I will help her."
	"Believe me. We will know whether it is her or not very soon." Bright said, "Your sister is so scheming. There should be someone who teaches her a good lesson."
	"You think the same as I do." Rose lightly put her chin on her legs, with slightly cold eyes. She would get back what Sophie owed her little by little.
	"Sophie, just wait and see." It was natural that one should repay one's debts. Rose would never be softhearted and irresolute.
Chapter 157 Strict Family Discipline
	This weekend, there would be a business party in the Garden International Hotel, and many celebrities and influential figures would attend it, which was a rare opportunity.
	William and Matthew would also attend the party. William had already asked Rose to attend it with him. After all, William was a single, young and promising gentleman, so he needed a female companion.
	If William asked other women in the company to accompany him, they would definitely start fangirling to him, which would cause much trouble.
	But Rose wouldn't. she wouldn't even if he wanted her to. She was the best person to represent the company.
	At 7:00 pm, the bright lights in the hotel were splendid. Most of the insiders gathered here, quite boisterous.
	William and Rose signed in at the banquet hall of the hotel. After walking in, they caused turmoil and attention.
	William wore a white suit, black bow tie, with a handsome face, tall and slim figure and tender temperament, just like Prince Charming.
	Rose took William by the arm. Her beautiful eyes were shining under the lights, and her red lips and long black hair were so amazingly attractive. She wore a long champagne color dress made of multi-layer soft gauze, so surprisingly beautiful like a fairy who fell down to the mortal world.
	Someone that knew William walked forward to greet them, and William replied politely. Rose was also mentioned in their conversation.
	"The lady beside Mr. Quinn is so beautiful, and has impressed everyone present."
	"Thanks."
	"I wonder when I can attend Mr. Quinn's wedding?"
	"Someday. Just wait."
	William didn't deny or acknowledge, and just answered the question. He didn't say that he and Rose were just friends and colleagues in order to protect Rose from being harassed by others.
	Rose naturally knew that William was protecting her intentionally. She didn't like others to ask about her, and in this way, she could avoid much trouble.
	William also didn't want Rose to be looked up and down by those men who were fascinated by Rose's beauty, but he euphemistically found an excuse to let Rose leave the crowd, and he would deal with these people alone.
	There were all kinds of delicious dessert, fruits and wine on the buffet table of the banquet hall.
	Rose hid herself here and picked some fruit to eat.
	At this time, a waiter walked forward, with a glass of wine on the tray over his right hand, "Miss Linder, Mr. Quinn asked me to give it to you."
	"Well? Thanks." Rose took over it with smile, holding it with her fair fingertips.
	She looked down and shook it. A vortex appeared in the dark red liquid, so beautiful.
	She didn't drink, but put it on the table.
	During these years, Rose had experienced too much and seen too much. She was not the innocent and simple girl anymore, and was more alert than before.
	She wouldn't drink weird drinks, which was basic for self-protection.
	She took a bottle of purified water from the table, and the waiter who came to get the wine asked, "Lady, do you need any empty glass?"
	"Thanks." It was really not elegant for her to drink water with bottle in such an occasion.
	After sending the wine, the waiter brought an empty glass, "Here you are, lady."
	Rose took over the glass and checked it. She didn't find any abnormality, so she poured the water into the glass.
	At this time, William had finished the greeting and toasting, and he took a light golden champagne from the table, finding that Rose was holding purified water in her hand.
	"Is the family discipline so strict? No champagne?" William said jokingly.
	"No, I just don't want to drink alcohol." Rose took a sip of the water in the glass, "You know that I don't like this kind of occasion, where I have to ingratiate myself with others."
	"But you have to be accustomed." William took a sip of champagne, "You have chosen him, and you will have to attend countless parties. You can't refuse all of them. You have to attend some important parties that require the attendance of couples."
	"I haven't thought so much." Rose really didn't think too much, "Let's discuss it later."
	Previously they got married secretly, which was not announced to the public. Bright was still single in the eyes of the public, so he naturally didn't need her accompany.
	However, now their marriage was announced to the public. There would really be some important occasions that required the appearance of them both. She should cooperate for him.
	While Rose and William were speaking, Matthew walked over, "Mr. Quinn, our company is also one of the bidders of the beachside hotel design collaborated by the Linder family and the Tanner family. Let's go to have a talk with them."
	"OK." William nodded, and said to Rose, "Come with us, because you also participate in this project."
	This project was one of the most important projects of YM Group in the second half of the year. As the design director of the head office, William should naturally take responsibility of it.
	"Fine." Rose felt it was just business, and she didn't refuse.
	Matthew took William and Rose to the crowd, and there was not only Chandler, Joy, Sam and May, but also Sky and Sophie.
	Although Sam and May heard that Rose had already came back to the Linder family, it was the first time for them to meet her after 5 years.
	After 5 years, Rose was not as innocent and immature as before. The time gave her maturity and charm, and she was so attractive now, which was a golden moment for a woman.
	Seeing Rose, Sam showed a slightly cold face, but May showed a faint smile, graceful.
	Matthew introduced them to each other.
	William greeted the Linder family and the Tanner family. Chandler and Sam praised him of being young and promising.
	Then Rose said, "Mr. Tanner, Mrs. Tanner."
	Sam ignored Rose, and only May nodded as a response.
	Sam kept a straight face just like before, and he even frowned slightly.
	Sophie, who took Sam's arm, said softly, "Rose, what a surprise! Why are you here? I remember that you don't like this kind of occasion."
	Rose?
	William and Matthew were surprised. They had never thought that Rose was the precious daughter of the Linder family in City H. The Linder family was quite influential in City H, and after being connected by marriage with the Tanner family, it began to associate with the Tanner family and their status rose much.
	"I attend this party on behalf of the company. You can call me Miss Linder or Designer Linder." Rose kept distance with Sophie in the outside, let alone with them.
	Sophie suddenly got embarrassed by what Rose said, as if Sophie ingratiated herself with Rose intentionally.
	"Rose, why are you so indifferent?" Sophie smiled to alleviate the subtle atmosphere between them, "We are sisters and grew up together."
	"We had better keep clear upon something." Rose's gaze swept across Sky by Sophie's side, "Even though we are sisters, there is something that we can't share with each other."
Chapter 158 I Want to Forget Him
	Sure enough, Rose's hint made Sophie nervous that she couldn't help but grasp Sky's sleeves tightly.
	Sky also clearly felt Sophie's change, so he silently reached out to wrap his hand around her hand, which held onto him tightly, and comforted her.
	"Rose is right. Some things obviously cannot be shared, so it's best not to covet things that don't belong to you."
	With Sky protecting her, Sophie naturally became more confident. She clung to Sky more closely, indicating that Sky was hers.
	Rose didn't care at all, but now she had to play the role of a woman who was abandoned by Bright and wanted to target Sky...
	This really took some skilled acting.
	"Yeah, even if one coveted and got what they wanted, they didn't do it righteously, so in the end, they might be abandoned…" Rose sighed deeply, as if she was talking about herself while she was actually accusing Sophie.
	Sophie naturally thought that Rose had been abandoned by Bright. She was pleased and a slight smile formed on her face.
	"You are right," Sophie agreed.
	People who didn't understand them felt that their conversation was a little confusing, but the hostility in their words was palpable.
	"Mr. Chandler, I didn't expect Rose to be your daughter. She is very low-key and kind, and her work is excellent. The company values her very much." William changed the subject and praised Rose.
	"Thank you, Mr. William." Chandler nodded and smiled. "It's because the company provided her with opportunities."
	William brought the topic to this project and successfully eased the mood.
	Rose felt that there were a lot of people here and there was little to no airflow. She had a bit of difficulty breathing. "Excuse me."
	After speaking, she turned around and left. William glanced at her a little worriedly. She didn't look well. Was she feeling uncomfortable?
	But he just started a conversation here with Chandler and Sam, so he couldn't leave with her.
	Rose went out from the back door of the banquet hall. It was a small garden with no one inside, so it was very quiet. The plants were lush. There was a breeze at night. She finally felt comfortable, except she still experienced shortness of breath that had not yet gone away.
	Rose saw a bench next to a shrub, so she walked over and sat down.
	After a while, a figure appeared in her sight.
	"Miss. Linder, are you alone?" This voice belonged to Timothy.
	Rose turned her head and saw him standing in the shadows with a smile on his face that looked very evil at this time.
	"What's up, Mr. Timothy?" Rose turned her face slightly and look up at him.
	"How are you and Mr. Bright?" Timothy asked frankly.
	"Very good." Rose smiled brightly, her clear eyes like shining stars in the night.
	"Mr. Bright came to City H to travel with you once a week, but he hasn't been here for a long time recently." Timothy stepped closer, his shadow elongating with his movements. "He is not on a business trip, and he is not particularly busy at work. He just goes home on time every day to dine with his wife."
	The hint in his words was very obvious. Bright still cared about his wife, and she was just his spur-of-the-moment plaything. Now that he became familiar with her and lost interest, she was close to or had already been abandoned.
	"So what?" Rose didn't care.
	Bright did update his status on his Weibo, and all of them were about his getting off work on time and going home to accompany his wife.
	Then he also posted some pictures of the food with captions stating that he liked the people in his family more and the home-cooked meals more. Although he didn't explicitly name who made it, he convinced the public that the dishes were done by the mysterious Mrs. Lee.
	Although Bright didn't admit or deny it, he made others believe in it.
	However, only Rose knew that this was a scheme that Bright and she created to confuse the enemy.
	"Mr. Bright has returned to his family. Why are you waiting here foolishly?" Timothy also sat down beside her.
	Rose moved a little aside, not wanting to distance himself from him. "No, he won't leave me like this."
	"As the saying goes, don't fall in love with a man with a family. You'll only be doomed." Seeing her like this, Timothy smiled instead of being angry as he stared at the side of her delicate face. "Miss. Linder is very smart, so how can she not understand the reason? Besides, Mr. Bright is not an ordinary man, and his marriage is incomparable. He is powerful and noble. You got yourself involved with him, but can you win him over? Men who are done with affairs will return to their families. It is better to be a man's wife than to be a man's mistress."
	Rose lowered her eyelashes slightly, her eyes appearing dull. "Mr. Timothy is right. I am too naïve as to believe him..."
	She let tears fill her eyes and raised her hand to wipe away the tear that spilled out. Her sad look made people feel distressed.
	"Miss. Linder, if you don't mind, I can lend you my shoulder." Timothy took out a tissue from his pocket and handed it to her.
	Rose shook her head, pretending to be strong. "I'm fine. Thank you."
	"I just don't want to accept it. I don't care if he is married and has a wife. I gave him my body and soul. He clearly said he would protect me for the rest of my life. How could he break his promise and leave me alone?"
	When Timothy listened to Rose's words, he smirked secretly. It seemed that what Sophie heard about Bright and Rose arguing was true. Their relationship was already fractured. Now he knew from Rose's words that Bright had broken up with her.
	Timothy was happy. The combined efforts of him and Sophie were not in vain.
	They were looking forward to Rose and Bright breaking up so that Rose would lose his support. Only then would they be able to punish her.
	She even deliberately deceived him and embarrassed him in front of Bright. How could he forgive her and let her off easily?
	"Don't be sad. We can start again if you want." Timothy adopted a gentle approach, trying to break Rose's guard when she was most "injured". "I don't care about the relationship between you and Mr. Bright. After all, there is no woman Mr. Bright can't get with his means."
	"I don't want to talk about him. I want to forget about him and start over." Rose said lightly. "I want to go in."
	Rose got up, and Timothy followed along.
	When Rose returned to the banquet hall, she only heard a violent commotion. She saw Bright, the most attractive person in the room, standing among a surging crowd.
	He was still in the usual white shirt and black suit. He was tall and slender, comparable to male models, and looked more handsome and stylish than other men. He was mature and composed.
	His deep eyes were fierce and calm as a result of years of experience being in positions of authority that no one dared to disrespect him.
Chapter 159 He Came with His Wife
	Bright was undoubtedly the most distinguished guest at such an occasion. People from all walks of life wanted to curry favor with him, taking pride in the opportunity to speak with him.
	He nodded as a greeting to anyone and then walked straight to the place where Chandler and the others were in the crowd.
	Those who followed his gaze were surprised that he would take the initiative to find someone.
	"Mr. Bright is here too. How lively." Timothy stood behind Rose. "Do you want to head over?"
	"I... don't want to go there." Rose shook her head with a sad expression.
	In fact, Rose was wondering why he came. He didn't tell her that he would come to this banquet today.
	What was he here for? Was he worried about William or did he come to act with her?
	"Are you afraid of facing him?" Timothy assumed this was the situation Rose was in, so he spoke to encourage her. "I will always stand behind you and support you. Although there is a gap between Mr. Bright and me, my love for you is real. Since he is so at ease, then you have to face it bravely to let him know that you can also be at ease without him. I am supportive of you proving yourself."
	Rose hesitated, "I..."
	"The first step is definitely difficult, but as long as you take on one step with your left foot, your right foot will keep up. Don't you want to go over and listen to what he has to say to Uncle Chandler?" Rose finally mustered up the courage. "Let's go."
	Rose stepped forward. Originally, there were six people, the Linder couple and the two Tanner couples. Now that Bright joined, together with William and Matthew, it was very lively and was also the center and focus of the entire banquet hall.
	They greeted Bright, but suddenly May fainted and leaned against Sam.
	"Axian (Mom), what's the matter with you?" Sam supported May, who was weak in her feet.
	"I'm fine. It's just anemia. This is an old problem." May took advantage of Sam's strength to stand steadily.
	"Sky, have the driver take your mother home to rest." Sam saw her pale face and was worried.
	May shook her head and insisted on staying. "I'm fine. I'll just rest a bit."
	"Then I will help my mother sit down." Sky helped May to the rest area.
	May took the opportunity to take a close look at Bright when she passed by him.
	"Please excuse my wife," Sam said.
	"It's okay." Everyone was understanding.
	Rose walked over slowly, hiding her emotions and changing to a good state. With a smile on her face, she looked like a fairy who had just entered the banquet hall, looking radiant.
	It was just that Bright didn't look at her from beginning to end, let alone take a glance.
	"Bright and Rose shouldn't be this unfamiliar with each other," thought the people who knew about their relationship.
	Especially when Chandler saw that Bright and Rose hadn't interacted at all or even made eye contact, he was a little worried about what was wrong between them.
	But their relationship could only be a secret, so Chandler couldn't ask about it in public.
	"Are you okay?" William saw her leave for a while and found that her eyes were slightly red.
	"I'm fine. It was just stuffy in here, so I went for a walk," said Rose while smiling. "I'm better now."
	William naturally felt that something was not right between Rose and Bright, as if they hadn't seen each other.
	But Rose said that very few people knew about their relationship as husband and wife, so she asked him to keep it secret and not say anything in public. Otherwise, he would definitely ask for the whole story.
	"Mr. Bright rarely came to City J these days. Is it because work is too busy?" asked Sophie.
	"Work actually isn't busy. It's just that my wife has become obsessed with cooking recently. She made different things every day and asked me to go back and taste it for myself." As Bright spoke about his wife, his fierce eyes became gentle. "I can't disagree with her and I can't do anything about her…"
	He obviously sounded like he was spoiling her as opposed to reprimanding her or being helpless. He was subtly showing off their relationship.
	William frowned when he heard and was slightly angry. It was obvious that Rose was here, so why did Bright say that Mrs. Lee was at home? He made it sound like Rose wasn't Mrs. Lee.
	Was Rose lying to him? No, she had never lied to him since he knew her.
	What exactly was going on?
	William looked at Rose suspiciously, and the latter blinked her eyes twice. A shrew light flashed by, beckoning him not to speak but continue watching.
	He had no choice but to suppress his anger and observe in secret. Rose wasn't anxious, so what was he anxious for?
	If Mrs. Lee was someone else, it wouldn't be bad if Rose truly lied to him. At least it meant she was single, and he still had a chance.
	Although they agreed that they were going to be friends, he still wanted more.
	"Mr. Bright really loves Mrs. Lee. You are such a good husband," praised Sam, who didn't know the details.
	"Thank you, Mr. Sam." Bright's voice was cool and pleasant. "Women are troublesome. If I don't listen to her, then she would be upset, and there won't be peace anymore. So, if you want to have a peaceful day at home, you have to listen to your wife."
	"You are right, Mr. Bright. It's important to be a gentleman and treat women well, let alone your wife." Sam was also well-known for treating his wife well. He had a loving relationship with his wife.
	Chandler and Joy couldn't even speak, nor did they dare to reply. After all, their daughter, Rose, was the other woman. They couldn't speak about it in public.
	They could only laugh in embarrassment, but the more they thought about it, the more frustrated they felt.
	"Mr. Bright came alone? Why didn't you bring your wife to the banquet? I heard that Mrs. Lee is also from City H, so it would've been a good opportunity for us to meet her and learn about which family she is from," said Sam.
	"She is indeed from City H, and she came back with me this time. It's just that she is not feeling well, so she's resting in the hotel." This was the first time Bright spoke about his wife in public. The way he talked about her made women envious.
	Sophie heard Bright talk about bringing Mrs. Lee to City H and was both surprised and shocked. If Mrs. Lee knew about the other woman and confronted Rose, then there would be something to look forward to.
	"Mr. Bright loves Mrs. Lee way too much and doesn't want us to meet her, right?" Sophie, who was spectating, found the right opportunity to join the conversation. "We are all envious of Mrs. Lee for having Mr. Bright's love."
	"Doesn't Mr. Sky love Mrs. Tanner?" Bright looked at Sophie whose face flushed slightly after hearing his rhetorical question.
	After Sky helped his mother, these were the words he heard, causing his expression to turn cold slightly.
Chapter 160 Do You Have Evidence?
	Bright and Sky's eyes met, the former relaxed and the latter serious.
	Sophie hurriedly held Sky's arm upon seeing the situation. "Of course not. My husband loves me a lot."
	"Then Mrs. Tanner doesn't have to envy my wife. Otherwise, I will think Mrs. Tanner wants something else." The suggestiveness in Bright's words was just right. Anyone could make out the meaning, but no one dared to think further about Bright.
	"We are a loving couple that trusts and is loyal to each other. We naturally won't have any of the thoughts that Mr. Bright just said," said Sky to help Sophie. "We are all people with morals. We don't do things that cross the line."
	What this meant was that even though Bright was attractive, he was not enough to attract his wife.
	But not those who didn't have morals. As for who didn't have morals – it was Rose, "the other woman", in Sky's eyes.
	"Mr. Sky said it very well. Morals are important, otherwise, you are immoral." Rose's smile widened, not caring about Sky's hateful attitude toward her.
	"Haha... Why is this conversation so serious?" Chandler didn't like what he heard and felt embarrassed. "Mr. Bright, let's relax a bit."
	"Yeah, chat about something casual." Someone named Mr. Jax also pitched in to ease the mood. "Mr. Bright and Mr. Sky are both young and successful in your relationship and career. Unlike my son who has been hiding abroad all these years and never comes back. I'm very anxious considering he's almost 30 and doesn't have a girlfriend yet."
	"Nowadays, young people are getting married late, unlike back in the days when we would get married as soon as we are of age."
	"Mr. Chandler's youngest daughter is married to Mr. Sky. We are very jealous that you have such a good son-in-law."
	"Yes, Mr. Chandler's youngest daughter is married. I'm curious as to which upper-class family your eldest daughter married into?"
	"She..." Chandler glanced at Rose but couldn't continue his words.
	Bright was present. Although the two of them did not interact, he did not dare to talk nonsense.
	"Mr. Jax, my sister is not married yet," said Sophie. Rose had been abandoned by Bright, so it didn't matter what she said. Besides, she spoke the truth.
	"She's not married?" Mr. Jax looked at Rose and nodded in praise. "Mr. Chandler's eldest daughter is very beautiful. I am afraid that there too many suitors that there is no more room in the Linder family's villa, huh?"
	"Hehe... Not at all, she's just an ordinary girl," said Chandler modestly.
	Although Joy barely talked, she disliked Rose from the bottom of her heart like Chandler. What she did five years ago ruined the Linder family's reputation. If it weren't for the Linder family and the Tanner family's efforts to cover everything up and the poor memories people nowadays had, then everyone would laugh at the Linder family.
	"If Mr. Chandler doesn't mind, then how about setting up a meeting for my boy and Miss. Linder to have a meal together?" Mr. Jax purposefully wanted an arranged marriage with the Linder family.
	"Thank you, Mr. Jax." Chandler was stressed, mainly because Bright was still here, so he didn't dare to make decisions for Rose.
	"Mr. Jax, nowadays young people's marriage is not up to their parents. They want to have a love marriage… Perhaps it would be better for you to ask her yourself to a meal for her and your son. The only thing we can do as parents is not being nosy." Joy's dissatisfaction with Rose was obvious in her words, but she hid it as much as possible.
	"What does Miss. Linder think?" Mr. Jax turned to Rose and asked. "Since Miss Linder and my son are both single, why don't you give it a try?"
	Rose smiled slightly but did not answer, only listening politely.
	"Miss. Linder doesn't want to?" said Mr. Jax.
	"It's not that I don't want to. I can't say yes." Rose remembered that she was a married woman, so how could she have a blind date with someone else?
	"What does Miss. Linder mean? Are you looking down on my son? Perhaps Miss. Linder set the bar too high." Mr. Jax was slightly displeased with the way Rose rejected his proposal so frankly.
	Sophie continued the conversation. "Mr. Jax, you might not have heard, but Mr. Timothy loves my sister and proposed to her, but she didn't accept it. Well, she is very beautiful…"
	What Sophie wanted to imply was evident, and Mr. Jax also understood. "So Miss. Linder has high expectations and doesn't just consider anyone."
	"I think there is nothing wrong with high expectations," Rose admitted frankly. "You even have to pick when you are shopping for cabbages at the grocery store. This is a matter of my happiness for the rest of my life, so there's nothing wrong with being picky."
	Mr. Jax's face was sullen, and he felt humiliated.
	"Perhaps Miss. Linder views us as cheap cabbages?" Timothy sneered.
	"Doesn't Mr. Timothy know how bad your reputation is? I think comparing Mr. Timothy to a cabbage is an insult to the cabbage. I think a crooked melon is a more suitable comparison for Mr. Timothy." Rose looked at Timothy expressionlessly. Her eyes were cold, and her words were mean.
	Rose, who now had a powerful presence, was completely different from the weak and sad Rose in the small garden just now.
	Rose's words successfully angered Timothy. He had a ghastly expression on his face, and his eyes were filled with anger. He snorted coldly, "Rose, I have a bad reputation? Then what kind of person are you?"
	"Never mind you being divorced with a child. You want to associate yourself with someone of a higher social position. At least I don't have a child and I'm not so immoral as to be the other woman! Aside from you being beautiful, what fucking strengths do you have? You deserve to be abandoned!"
	Timothy was a man whose head was filled with lust for women. He became big-mouthed easily because he would get angry whenever he ran into a problem.
	As soon as he spoke, everyone was in an uproar. No one expected Rose, who looked pure and innocent, to be the other woman.
	William and Matthew didn't believe that Rose was such a person, but others didn't think so. Some "righteous" people started criticizing and attacking Rose verbally, and she became the enemy of the public.
	In particular, Mr. Jax, who had just been angered by Rose, ridiculed, "Miss. Linder sure has a unique taste. You would rather be the other woman than be a wife. Now I know what shamelessness looks like!"
	"I wonder who is so unlucky to be cheated on because of her!"
	However, Bright stood and watched from the side without saying a single word. This further convinced Timothy and Sophie that Bright and Rose had broken up.
	"Who did I have an affair with? Do you have any evidence?" Rose was still so calm, not anxious or angry.
	"Why would I talk nonsense about something that I don't have evidence on? I'll let you know." Timothy snickered triumphantly.
Chapter 161 Announce That She Is Mrs. Lee
	"Then just show your evidence in front of everyone." Rose was calm and unafraid as she smiled.
	Timothy took out his phone and played an audio recording.
	[I've been to the man's house. When his parents knew that Rose was his son's mistress, they were so angry... it seems that Rose has come to a sticky end. Women who destroy families should die…]
	"Who is this person? Let him come here and confront me." Rose's composure made Timothy feel that she was very thick-skinned.
	Timothy said, "In order to protect the safety of the person involved, I cannot tell you who he is."
	"Furthermore, you complained to me in the small garden outside just now. You said you were abandoned." Timothy played a part of the conversation he had with Rose just now.
	Judging by the content of the conversation, this audio was more convincing. After all, what Rose said indeed made her sound like she was abandoned.
	And Timothy was also here as a witness.
	"Then Mr. Timothy, since you don't mind my past, we can start over as long as I want to," Rose said the words that he cut out. "Even if I dare marry you, do you dare marry me?"
	She was Bright's wife. Who would dare marry her? Unless he was not afraid of bigamy and was not afraid of offending Bright.
	And these people were way too stupid. They believed in the so-called evidence that Timothy presented even though the informant dare not prove it.
	Timothy would naturally not admit that this was true. "Who would want to marry a woman like you! Don't talk nonsense. The most a man would do is use you as a plaything. Who would marry a mistress? Unless there is something wrong with his head."
	Those who watched the show all agreed with Timothy and criticized Rose for being shameless and confident.
	"How can you say that to my sister. It is not easy for her to be a single mother with a child. She had no choice because of life. Don't blame her." Sophie's words made people feel that Rose gave herself up in order not to live a difficult life.
	William especially did not understand what was going on between Bright and Rose. "Rose, what is going on?"
	Rose looked at the worried William. "Someone is framing me."
	"Listen you all. I, Rose, will not become anyone's mistress! If I want to marry someone, I would definitely be his wife."
	"Heh! No one will marry you even if you want to get married," snorted Timothy with disdain.
	He looked at the people around him then randomly selected a few married men and asked, "Do you want to marry her?"
	Almost all the people at the banquet were important figures in City H. Now that Rose was known as the other woman, her reputation was ruined, and no one dared to marry her.
	Unless they weren't afraid of being ridiculed for being a cuckold. As a result, the people Timothy picked on shook their heads anxiously for fear of their reputation.
	Timothy saw that everyone hurried to avoid Rose and smiled like a winner. "Look, who will marry you?"
	"I would marry her, as long as she accepts." It was William who spoke. He could no longer watch the people slander Rose and was even angrier that Bright didn't say a word.
	So he concluded that Rose really lied to him. She was just using Bright as an excuse to reject him.
	Although that no one liked Rose now, he still supported her. He didn't believe she would destroy someone else's marriage and family.
	"Mr. William, it's none of your business." Just when everyone almost forgot about Bright's presence, he spoke in a domineering manner.
	"Does Mr. Bright want to marry Rose like me?" William looked at Bright with piercing eyes and asked fearlessly.
	"Then you should first ask if she wants to marry you." Bright was dressed in expensive shirts and trousers. He was charismatic and had a strong presence.
	William looked at Rose with mixed feelings. He knew that Rose would definitely not want to marry him. If she wanted to, she would not have rejected him multiple times and even went as far as lying to him about marrying Bright.
	"Mr. Bright, don't forget that you are a married man. It's none of your business either." William did not ask Rose but instead expressed his opinion.
	"I don't need Mr. William to worry about my business," said Bright proudly. "I am the person most qualified to say this."
	William frowned, thinking about his words. "Mr. Bright, please clarify."
	"She's already married, so don't think about her anymore, Mr. William." Bright's thin lips lightly moved as he said these words.
	Married?
	When everyone heard Bright's words, they were all very confused and started to chat amongst themselves.
	They just heard that Rose was the other woman who ruined someone else's family, yet now she became a married woman. It made the spectators very confused.
	Especially Chandler, Joy, Sam, Sky, Sophie, and others were even more surprised.
	Sophie was not only surprised but also resentful. A woman like Rose should have her reputation ruined and get out of the Linder family and City H once again, yet she was married?
	Moreover, it was Bright who spoke. Didn't they break up already?
	Why did Bright still speak for Rose?
	"Mr. Bright seems to know my sister very well based on your words. Then can Mr. Bright tell me who is my sister married to?" Sophie was reluctant to accept that Bright still protected Rose.
	She felt happy as soon as she thought of the relationship between Bright and Rose being exposed, with Rose being a gold digger and the other woman.
	Bright stepped forward and walked to Rose's side in a couple of steps. Their eyes met. Rose's eyes showed traces of happiness, and Bright's eyes were deep and dark. They were determined to overcome anything.
	He reached out to wrap his long arm around Rose's waist and placed his palm firmly on her soft waist.
	Such an announcement was more convincing and impactful than words.
	When everyone saw, they stared closely, as if they were all petrified. The room was as quiet as if the world had entered winter.
	"Mr. ... Mr. Bright, what do you mean?" After a while, Sophie recovered and forced a stiff smile.
	There was a voice in her heart screaming, denying that Rose and Bright were legally married…
	Even if Bright used actions to showcase his rights, she would not believe it was true.
	Such intimacy between a man and a woman did not necessarily mean they were husband and wife, so she would not believe it.
	"Then I will use this opportunity to announce one thing. Rose is my lawful wife, my Mrs. Lee." Bright smiled and stared at Sophie with sharp eyes, giving her the final, powerful blow.
Chapter 162 He Is Protective and Unreasonable
	What Bright said was like a big net, which captured Sophie, Timothy, Mr. Jax, Sam, Sky, Chandler and Joy ... and others all in it. When he took in the net, it choked them.
	Sophie, who still hoped against hope, had no more illusions about it. She seemed to be dazed and wilt.
	She had worked so hard to defeat Rose. But she never expected that what she had done would do harm to herself.
	Timothy was in a panic. He still remembered what he had said to humiliate Rose just now. Now that the "mistress" became Mrs. Lee, which caught him off guard, and Bright was present all the time. Timothy felt that he would soon be miserable.
	Besides, Mr. Jax, who just listened to the words of others and spoke insolently and looked down on Rose, was now eating his words.
	"I am sorry for failing to recognize Mrs. Lee and being gullible to believe the one-sided remarks of others. Please forgive my disrespect for you just now, Mr. Bright and Mrs. Lee."
	"Mrs. Lee is generous. So, I don't think you will make a fuss about the trifles with us."
	So, if Rose made a fuss, she would be mean?
	Other pleasure-seekers all looked down, not daring to look at Bright's eyes. They were so quiet, as if their tongues were pulled out.
	William frowned. Seeing them standing together so intimately, he realized that Rose did not look for excuses to lie to him. It was him who was unwilling to admit the reality and found excuses to lie to himself.
	Matthew had thought that Bright and Rose were still in an ambiguous state. He did not expect that they were already married and a couple. Fortunately, he had no love for Rose, but simply appreciated her as a talent and her excellent ability.
	"Hey, no one wants to congratulate us?" Bright looked up and smiled.
	After Bright reminded them, those people seemed to regain their senses and said sincerely with smiles on their faces, "Congratulations to Mr. Bright and Mrs. Lee!"
	They were worldly-wise and extremely capable in flattery.
	Bright knew that they all regretted it and were wondering if he would take revenge on them for what had happened just now.
	Seeing all she did was in vain, Sophie still didn't believe it, "With Mr. Bright's status, how could you fall in love with a single mother with a child?"
	"Let me tell you one more thing. The child is my own daughter. No one is allowed to make irresponsible remarks on the child of the Lee family. Please remember it, Miss Linder!"
	Bright was extremely protective of Doris and would not allow anyone to traumatize and do harm to her.
	"Mr. Bright, you are not lying to us, are you?" Sophie could believe that Rose and Bright were a couple. But how could the child be his?
	If Bright was the child's real father, how would Rose have ended up far away from home back then and hadn't returned to City H for so many years?
	Rose just relied on Bright to go back to the Linder family.
	They wanted to lie to her? No way.
	"What did I lie to you? Your love, your heart or your body?" Bright sneered at her ridiculousness, "Except for my wife, other people's body and love mean nothing to me."
	What Bright said meant that Sophie was nothing to him! He didn't care about her at all.
	Sophie clenched her fists. Facing this shocking change, she finally could not accept it.
	Sky held Sophie who couldn't help shaking, "Mr. Bright, even if you care for your wife, you shouldn't be so disrespectful to others. Mrs. Lee is a treasure to you. Sophie is my wife and also my treasure. I respect Mr. Bright and hope that Mr. Bright can also respect me."
	"Does Mr. Sky still not know me?" Bright became serious, "I am always cold and ruthless, cruel ... protective and unreasonable. But I depend on my ability. Mr. Sky, what do you think??"
	Sky had nothing to say in reply. With Bright's identity, he was naturally able to think nothing of anyone.
	"I just hope that what Mr. Bright did for Mrs. Lee today is worth it." Sky glanced at Rose, thinking that she was so clever that she could became Mrs. Lee.
	Sky really admired Rose.
	"I also hope that Mr. Sky's effort is worth it and you will never regret it in this life." It was Rose who replied.
	Sophie became nervous and fiercely grabbed Sky's clothes. She broke out in a sweat on her forehead and said, "Sky, I'm not feeling very well ... Let's go home."
	"OK." Sky then picked up Sophie and left.
	Sam also took the opportunity to go to the lounge to find May and left with her, not wanting to face the mess.
	The crowd also expressed their blessings and left, not daring to stay any longer. If they were careless and hated by Bright, they would be miserable.
	The crowd dispersed. The fact that Rose was Mrs. Lee was slightly cooled.
	Chandler and Joy felt nothing but shock.
	It turned out that their daughter was not a mistress, but managed to marry into the Lee family.
	From now on, Rose would be one of the most powerful man. As her parents, they also had to respect her.
	They had mixed feelings now. Their daughter, whom they had high hopes for since childhood, was completely abandoned by them because of the unmarried birth five years ago, had now become the noblest Mrs. Lee.
	"Mr. Bright, are you and Rose really married?" Chandler still felt that this thing seemed untrue.
	"Next time I come, I will bring you the marriage certificate, so that Dad can be relieved, okay?" Bright changed his address to Chandler from Mr. Linder to Dad, reminding Chandler that this was the truth.
	"When did you get married?" Chandler asked. He had a lot of questions now.
	"Three years ago."
	"Three years ago?" It had been so long. Joy was also shocked. They hid their real relationship very well, "Then why did not you tell us when you were at the Linder's villa last time? You even said Rose was your mistress...."
	"Did I say so myself?" Bright also didn't expect that as Rose's parents, they would think their daughter would be his mistress.
	Chandler and Joy shook their heads. Bright did not say so himself. But they looked down on Rose and speculated it.
	"As Rose's parents, you should know her best. If you have trusted her enough, I believe you would not have misunderstood her." Bright stared at Rose gently, "Of course, I will take care of her and trust her absolutely in the future."
Chapter 163 I Will Back You up in the Future
	Rose felt warmed when she saw the affection in Bright's eyes. She couldn't help but be moved.
	She was a single mother who was disliked in the eyes of others. But in Bright's eyes, she seemed to be the best one.
	He also did trust her as he said. Although he would be a little angry, he would not be unreasonable or make trouble out of nothing or like a despotic tyrant.
	He would give her enough trust and freedom, making her feel that she was respected.
	However, because of their prejudices, her parents had always disliked her and even despised her, thinking that she was a degenerate. They took it for granted that she was Bright's mistress. They never thought that she would be the real Mrs. Lee.
	They looked down on her from the bottom of their hearts and felt that luck and glory should not be hers.
	She had been disappointed in her parents five years ago. At this moment, she felt that apart from the blood lineage, they were the most familiar strangers in the world.
	"What Mr. Bright said is right." Chandler was embarrassed and broke out in a sweat on his forehead.
	Although Bright called Chandler dad and acknowledged Chandler's identity, Chandler knew clearly that Bright was just being polite on the surface. He did not dare to call his name casually.
	When he knew Bright was Rose's husband, he was shocked, delighted and also a bit scared.
	Bright's natures and methods, as well as his momentum, made him feel more pressure.
	Joy also frowned without speaking. Thinking of what they had done to Rose, she wondered how Rose would treat them now that she was Mrs. Lee.
	"I'll call you Mom and Dad as Rose does. From now on, you can call me Bright." Bright said in person. Chandler and Joy had no choice but to nod.
	"Then ... Bright, from now on, please take care of Rose." Chandler said to him like a doting father.
	"Of course I will. I will certainly regard her as precious. As long as I am here, no one can bully her. Don't worry, Dad and Mom." Bright put his arm around Rose's shoulder and backed her up.
	"We are relieved..." Chandler glanced at Joy who did not speak next to him and forced an awkward smile.
	But he was uneasy inside, not knowing how to face his daughter.
	"Dad, Mom, don't bother to arrange a blind date for me in the future. I think you should be satisfied with me marrying Bright." Rose said with heavy irony.
	Many famous families wanted to be connected with the Lee family by marriage. Many people wanted to curry favor with Bright. Now, the Linder family became the winner.
	"We did not know you were married before and felt distressed that you raised the children on your own. So, we wanted to find a husband for you to share the burden. Now that we know it, we will certainly not do that again." Chandler spoke with great confidence and was not ashamed at all.
	"Dad, is Timothy the right man?" Rose answered back sarcastically.
	Words failed Chandler and he could say nothing.
	"Rose, Mom and Dad used to be wrong. Let's forget it, okay? Live a good life with Bright. Mom and Dad wish you." Joy, who was always arrogant in front of Rose, spoke carefully now.
	"Rose, it's Dad's fault. Don't bother with me." Chandler also admitted his mistake.
	Rose looked at Chandler and Joy who were flustered and frightened. She knew that relying on the identity of Mrs. Lee, she took revenge on these who had despised her and drove her away.
	Rose had never intended to rely on Bright. Otherwise, she wouldn't have kept the fact that she was married to him a secret.
	And she never expected that she could rely on someone like that. She could leave everything to him and trust him unconditionally.
	Rose turned to meet Bright's calm gaze and smiled brightly.
	Seeing her smile like a happy child, Bright softened up, raising his hand to stroke her forehead.
	"Let's go."
	His voice was gentle and warm.
	He held out his hand to her. So, Rose reached out and interlocked her fingers with his, "Okay."
	Bright nodded to Chandler and Joy before leaving, "Dad and Mom, I'll take Rose back now."
	"OK. Take care. "Chandler nodded repeatedly, "Rose, you take Bright back to the Linder family first. Since you guys are married, you'd better live in our house. Do not go to stay in a hotel. After all, a hotel is not as comfortable as our house, is it?"
	"Thank you for your kindness, Dad. I listen to Rose and will stay with her." Bright acted just like a good man who loved his wife very much.
	"Mom and Dad, goodbye." Rose then left with Bright hand in hand.
	The people in the hall watched them hold hands and leave.
	After they disappeared, those who had dispersed gathered around Chandler again.
	"Congratulations Mr. Linder and Mrs. Linder. Congratulations...."
	"Mr. Linder, from now on, Mr. Bright will have to call you Dad. You are to be congratulated."
	Chandler forced a smile when he got others' congratulations. He might be the scariest Dad.
	Rose and Bright walked out of the hotel. The driver drove the car to the hotel entrance. Bright pulled open the door for Rose and thoughtfully let her get in first. Then, he went to the other side and got in.
	As the driver drove out of the hotel, Rose asked, "Where are you staying tonight?"
	"Mrs. Lee, would you like to stay at the hotel with me, or take me to the Linder family's villa?" Bright gave her two choices.
	Rose leaned lightly against his shoulder, "Since you have admitted our relationship in public, then I will take you in."
	"Don't you like it?" Bright looked down, "You turn against me after using me?"
	"No." Rose denied, "I am just afraid that you won't want to go to the Linder family's villa and won't get used to it."
	"Mrs. Lee is really considerate and generous, thinking of me." Bright teased in a low voice.
	"From now on, you'll be my big support." Rose took his arm, "Of course I have to think of you. You didn't see the look on my parents' faces when they found out you were my husband. It's so amazing."
	"However they treated you before, they will no longer dare to look down on you." His fingers caressed the back of her hand, "I'll back you up whatever you do. Don't worry."
	"Why did you come to the party today? You did not tell me in advance. Did you want to surprise me?" He would tell her every time he came to City H. This time, it was a surprise.
Chapter 164 What If She Bullies Him
	"Are you here to help me? Or are you afraid I can't do it alone?" she asked one question after another.
	Bright smiled lightly, his voice husky, "You have a lot of questions."
	"Yes or no?" she shook his arm lightly and acted like a spoiled child.
	If it were others who pestered him, Bright would have thrown them out. But it was Rose. Bright just felt funny. Especially Rose, was always cold, suddenly acted like a spoiled child, which made him unable to bear it.
	"What do you think?" Bright asked her rhetorically and gradually became serious, "You are my wife. I naturally do not want to let you face it alone."
	Rose pouted, smiled happily, and then gave him a kiss on the cheek, "Mr. Bright, thank you. It's good to have you here."
	Her beautiful eyes were shining like stars, which looked so charming.
	"Is that all?" he raised his eyebrows lightly, thinking that this kiss was not enough.
	"Then what do you want?" She bit her lip and asked in a whisper.
	Bright took her wrist in one hand, pressed it on the back of the seat, and pulled down the middle partition to isolate the space. Then, he turned around and leaned over to kiss Rose. When she was surprised, he took the opportunity to suck her lips. He was so strong and domineering, making Rose almost unable to breathe.
	They kissed so hard and couldn't part from each other, wanting to be together forever....
	Bright took the initiative to let go of her, holding her face with both hands. He rested his forehead against hers, breathing heavily. It could be seen how intense the kiss had been.
	Rose felt his burning breath, his tenderness and dominance, and her breath was disordered.
	Just now they were all immersed in each other's soul.
	"That's what I want. I even want more. Are you afraid?" Bright's voice was husky.
	Rose shook her head without any hesitation, "No."
	"Really?" Bright was afraid he couldn't restrain himself from touching her anymore.
	If they were not in the car at this time, he would not be able to control his desire for her.
	"I am not afraid. You have said that I don't need to be afraid of anything with you by my side. I trust you." Rose also felt that she could open out and accept him.
	Bright closed his eyes and cupped her face tightly, remaining with his forehead against hers.
	Rose carefully raised her arms and slowly wrapped them around his waist.
	At this moment, silence was better than speech.
	The driver took them to the Linder family's villa and left.
	Bright and Rose entered the room and saw Grandma and Doris playing a game of gobang.
	They were playing so attentively that they didn't even notice that Bright and Rose had entered the living room.
	"Great Grandma, you're awesome. I haven't won a single game." Doris was a little disappointed. She was very smart, but still couldn't beat her great grandma.
	"That means that veterans are abler than recruits." Jennifer put down a piece with ease.
	Bright and Rose came behind Doris. Bright put one down before Doris was about to get the pieces, "Put it down here or your great grandma will win."
	Doris turned back to Bright and Rose after hearing the familiar voice, "Daddy, Mommy ...."
	Then, she clutched Bright's leg, "I missed you so much. You haven't been here for ages."
	"Daddy misses you a lot too. But there are very important things in the works. So, I am sorry. I will no longer be like this." Bright squatted down and kissed Doris' face to comfort her.
	"Doris, what did you just call him?" Jennifer asked, thinking she hadn't heard clearly.
	"Great Grandma, I called him Daddy." Doris said in a clear and proud voice.
	"You called Bright Daddy?" Jennifer frowned and corrected Doris, "Doris, you are mistaking him for your Daddy. He's uncle Bright."
	"Grandma, Doris didn't mistake me." Bright held Doris' shoulders, "I am her Daddy."
	Jennifer was more confused and looked at Rose, "Rose, what the hell is going on? Isn't Bright married?"
	"Grandma, the one he married is actually me." Rose took the initiative to reach out and take Bright's hand.
	They stood together and looked absolutely like a family of three.
	Jennifer looked at them in a daze for a long moment before she slowly spoke, "You guys ... got married?"
	"Yes. Grandma, are you happy?" Bright's voice was loud and clear enough for Jennifer to hear.
	Jennifer was still a little confused as she looked at them holding hands and Doris' sparkling eyes.
	"Give me some time." Jennifer calmed down and thought for a moment, "Did Bright marry you after he divorced?"
	The last time Jennifer saw Bright, Bright and Rose had nothing to do with each other. But this time they met, Jennifer got such shocking news. It was so sudden that she was caught off guard.
	"Grandma, I'm sorry I lied to you." Rose came forward and sat beside Jennifer, "He did not divorce. The person he was married to was me. We did not make public because of me."
	"So you even hid it from your own grandmother?" although Jennifer said she was not angry, she still felt a little annoyed now, "How can you not tell me such a big thing about your marriage? I'm also worried that you are too hard on your own. That's why I always arrange a blind date for you. No wonder you've been finding all kinds of excuses to refuse."
	"Grandma, I was wrong." Rose was as obedient as a schoolchild.
	Bright also said, "Grandma, I am responsible, too. If you want to blame someone, please blame me."
	"What's the point of blaming you guys under such circumstances?" Jennifer sighed lightly and took Rose's hand, saying seriously, "Actually, I was optimistic about your marriage. But Bright had announced that he was married at that time. So, I didn't dare to think about it again and had a trace of regret. Now that you guys are together, I am naturally happy and no longer have regrets. But you must be happy for the rest of your life, or I will not forgive you for lying to me."
	Jennifer finally "threatened" them. This was also her biggest wish.
	"Grandma, don't worry. We'll be fine." Bright assured.
	"Great." Jennifer smiled happily and looked at Bright, "Bright, remember what you said to me today. If you bully Rose, I will do my best to get her justice."
	"Grandma, I'm not going to give you that chance." Bright was confident and looked down at Rose, "If it's Rose who bullies me, then is Grandma going to do it for me too?"
Chapter 165 Any Place Where Rose Is Can Be My Home
	Jennifer looked at Rose beside her, while Rose looked at Bright with amazement, "I bully you? I will bully you?"
	She asked the two questions in confusion.
	How could Bright, a strong man, say such words?
	"You will know later." Bright didn't lay out and put on a smile which made Rose have a premonition.
	"Why can't you tell me now?" Rose asked curiously.
	"I can tell you. But we have to say it in private." Bright winked at Rose, shocking Rose.
	Rose was embarrassed and blushed, trying to keep cool.
	Jennifer felt funny when she watched how they got along, "OK. I promise you. If it's Rose's fault, I will teach her a good lesson for you."
	With Jennifer backing him up, Bright was more confident.
	"How long have you been married?" thinking about their marriage, Jennifer still felt that it was like a dream.
	"Not that long." Rose evaded the crucial point and was a little afraid to tell the truth.
	"Three years." Bright answered clearly. But what he said made Jennifer frown.
	She reached out and patted Rose's arm, "You! It's been three years and you're just telling me now? What the hell is going on with you two?"
	Rose pursed her lips and did not dare to answer while Bright said, "Grandma, although Rose and I got a marriage certificate three years ago, we live in two separate places. Besides, we got married first before falling in love. We have to be sure of our true feelings before telling you."
	"Then if you guys hadn't fallen in love, would the marriage be void?" Jennifer did not agree with them, "Getting married before falling in love is irresponsible to the marriage, and to yourselves."
	"Although Grandma wants you to be together, it's definitely not in such a way to be irresponsible to yourselves."
	"Grandma, we know we were wrong. Fortunately, we have a happy ending now, don't we?" Rose knew that Jennifer was really angry this time.
	Jennifer was serious and didn't reply.
	"Grandma, don't be angry. It's not good for your health to be angry." Rose lightly shook Jennifer's arm, "We got married after thinking it over seriously. We didn't have no feelings for each other."
	Rose could only tell a bare-faced lie. She could not tell Jennifer the real reason, which would made Jennifer angry and have a recurrence of her old illness.
	"Grandma, we just misunderstood each other back then. So, we have separated for three years." Bright took the initiative to take the responsibility, "As a man, it was all my fault for making Rose suffer. But now that the misunderstanding is cleared up, I will spend many three years to make up for her in the future. I hope grandma can give me a chance."
	Jennifer knew that Bright was sincere. She could tell from his eyes and some micro-expressions that he loved Rose very much.
	What's more, she believed that Bright was a very responsible sort of person.
	"Alright, I will give you a chance. Don't do this again. Grandma just hopes that you guys can be happy forever." Jennifer sighed, "Don't be like me and your grandpa, who eventually passed away first."
	"We will." They said in unison.
	"I'm relieved to give her to you." Jennifer had wanted Bright to be Rose's husband. However, she did not expect that he had got married. It was a good thing that Bright had finally become Rose's husband by mistake.
	As Jennifer said this, her eyes were moist with tears.
	"Grandma, I think you aren't angry, are you? We have admitted our mistake. Why are you crying?" Rose's head was next to Jennifer's and she felt distressed.
	"I am too happy." Jennifer reached out and gently patted Rose's face, "You have a so nice husband like Bright. I can tell your grandpa after I die."
	"Grandma ..." Rose sobbed.
	Her grandparents loved her most in this world. Her grandpa passed away. Now, grandma had bad health. Rose was really afraid that one day her grandma, who loved her very much, would also ... If so, she would have no more feelings for this family.
	Bright saw that the rims of their eyes were red and they all looked so sad, as if they would part forever.
	He gently pushed Doris in front of him, signaling her to comfort them.
	"Great grandma, Mommy, It is a shame that you're crying at your ages." Doris' childish words were particularly amusing.
	Sure enough, Jennifer and Rose instantly turned tears into smiles. Rose reached out to pinch Doris' soft cheeks.
	Jennifer calmed down, "I'm also tired. I'd like to go to bed now."
	"Then I'll help you back to your room." Rose helped Jennifer get up from the sofa.
	"I'll help too." Doris stood on the other side of Jennifer and held Jennifer's hand.
	Although she was so small and did not help much, she was laudable for her filial piety.
	As Rose helped Jennifer and passed by Bright, she gestured with her eyes for him to stop standing and sit down for a while.
	"Good night, grandma." Bright said.
	He watched their backs for a moment before sitting down on the single sofa.
	Soon, Chandler and Joy came home and saw Bright sitting alone in the living room. They were surprised that Bright had chosen to stay at the Linder family's villa.
	"Bright, why are you here alone? Where is Rose?" Chandler didn't dare to ignore him and walked to him in a hurry.
	"She helped grandma go to her room to rest." Bright sat elegantly and casually, as if he was in his own home, and was not awkward at all.
	"I see." Chandler sat on the sofa and found that there was no water in front of Bright, let alone tea.
	Joy also noticed it and hastened to say, "I'm going to make tea."
	"Don't bother, Mom. I do not like to drink tea in the evening." Bright was so relaxed that he was more like the master of the family than the nervous and anxious couple.
	"Then what would you like to drink?" Joy asked.
	"Just water." Bright said casually, not that he had to drink it.
	"Then I'll get a new glass." Joy paid attention to the details. After all, they all had their own exclusive cups. A person like Bright would never use the cup someone had used.
	"Thank you." Bright was polite and detached.
	"You are welcome." Joy then turned to go to the kitchen, feeling a little relaxed.
	Chandler sat there with his hands on his knees, his fingertips moving, "Bright, since you've come here, just help yourself. This is your home. You can tell us anything you need."
	"Thank you." Bright's long legs crossed, "Any place where Rose is can be my home."
Chapter 166 Spoil Her So That She Can't Leave Him
	They could tell form what Bright said that Rose meant a lot to him.
	Any place where Rose was could be his home. On the contrary, a place without her was not his home.
	If Rose left the Linder family or was not accepted by the Linder family, then Bright naturally would not take the Linder family as his home.
	Chandler and Joy were only respected by him because they were Rose's parents. If they were not Rose's parents, they would be nothing but strangers to him.
	They naturally understood what Bright meant and knew this well.
	"What you say is true." Chandler had no choice but to bow to reality.
	Their daughter was now a powerful woman. They could not offend her easily, or the Linder family would have a bad time.
	"You are Rose's parents. She respects you, and I naturally respect you. If anyone in this family makes her suffer, I'll not just sit by." Bright said meaningfully, alluding to Sophia who had a grudge against Rose, "But since Rose has married me, she will not live in the Linder family's villa for a long time and will naturally go to the Lee family in City J with me."
	"To City J?" Chandler was surprised and then laughed, "You're right. A woman should be contented with the man she has married. Rose can take good care of you at your side."
	"It's me who can take good care of her." If she stayed by his side, he could protect her.
	Chandler frowned. Bright put Rose in the first place in every sentence. He could really see how much Bright valued Rose.
	From the beginning, Joy had planned a lot to let Rose marry, so that Rose had to leave the Linder family as soon as possible. But now, when Rose would go to City J with Bright, Chandler was a little reluctant to let her leave.
	He was worried about this marriage.
	Bright married Rose and the Linder family and the Lee family were related by the marriage. Although the Linder family seemed to be popular now, Chandler knew clearly that how Rose hated the Linder family and them. He was afraid that once Rose left the Linder family and City H, she would never come back.
	Then the Linder family and the Lee family would not be close to each other and would still be as strange as they used to be.
	Besides, Rose was Bright's wife. If they wanted to have any cooperation with HY Group of the Lee family... Chandler was afraid that it would not be smooth. Because Rose would not help them.
	He had invested in several projects. Now, the economy was also in the doldrums. If he continued like this, it would be hard for his company to survive.
	If Bright could help him, it would be different.
	However, Bright valued Rose, saying that he listened to Rose for everything.
	This made Chandler unable to ask for help.
	Joy, who had gone to the kitchen to get a glass, returned to the living room, poured a glass of water for Bright, put it in front of him, and then sat down next to Chandler.
	"Bright, as parents, we are very happy that you value Rose. Loving your wife is a man's duty. But you will spoil her if you continue to do like this. What can you do this in the future?" Chandler seemed to show partiality for Bright.
	"Yes, the Lee family is an old and well-known family. It's better for her to behave. If she breaks the rules, the media may make a big deal out of it." Joy echoed.
	"Don't worry. If she is spoiled and no one can stand her bad temper, she will be unable to leave me." Bright's dark eyes were filled with affection for Rose.
	Chandler and Joy were both nervous and broke out in a cold sweat on their foreheads, "That's quite a novel idea. But it sounds great…."
	They forced a smile.
	"What are you talking about?" Rose, who had helped Jennifer to bed, came into the living room and heard this.
	Bright looked at Doris who was holding Rose's hand. He signaled Rose to let Doris go upstairs first. There were some things that they could not talk about in front of Doris.
	Rose bent down and said to Doris, "Baby, go upstairs first and help Mommy get my pajamas ready. Wait for Mommy and Daddy, okay?"
	"Okay." Doris was extremely sensible and nice.
	She knew that adults always avoided children when they talked. So, she was obedient.
	After Doris went upstairs, Rose walked over and asked Bright what happened.
	"I said that if you are spoiled and no one can stand your bad temper, you will be unable to leave me." Bright repeated what he said just now.
	"The idea is good. But I am strong-willed and will not be spoiled by you easily." Rose was confident.
	"Then let's try."
	"Sure."
	"But it's time to rest now." Bright raised his hand, an extra length of white shirt at the cuff of his hand-ordered black suit, and a luxury diamond watch shining brightly in the crystal light, "It's getting late."
	"Then good night." Seeing that Bright was going to rest, Chandler felt relieved and told Rose, "Rose, take good care of Bright. It is the first time he lives here."
	"OK." Rose nodded.
	Bright got up and straightened his suit.
	He was tall and handsome in his suit.
	"What are you staring at? Let's go." Seeing that Rose did not move, Bright urged.
	Rose then came back to her senses and walked ahead. Bright nodded gently to Chandler and Joy. Then Mr. and Mrs. Linder also stood up to see them leave.
	When they got upstairs and reached the corner of the stairs, Bright reached out and took her hand. Rose glanced at him and they walked silently to the bedroom.
	Rose reached out and unlocked the door. Bright stepped in with her. Doris had placed Rose's pajamas on the bed.
	When she saw her parents come in, Doris rushed to them, "Is Daddy not leaving today?"
	"Yes. And does Doris want Daddy stay here?" Bright picked up his daughter and sat on the sofa.
	"Sure. I am especially happy today. "Doris was cute.
	"Why?" Bright asked.
	"All the other children are sleeping with their parents. Today, I can sleep with my parents too." This was Doris' long-cherished wish. Today, it would finally come true.
	"Then hurry to take a bath." Rose gently pulled Doris off Bright's lap.
	"OK. I'll have a good bath." Doris was then taken to the bathroom by Rose.
	Rose came out after preparing bath water for Doris. Bright was observing the decoration style of her bedroom, "This is the first time I've been in a woman's bedroom."
	"You've never gone into your sister's room?" Rose was a little incredulous.
	"No." Bright replied, "Besides, why would I go into her room?"
	"Aren't you brother and sister? It's normal to go into each other's bedrooms."
	"There's one thing I need to tell you."
	"What is it?"
Chapter 167 Respond to Her Love with Action
	Rose stared at Bright. How many things had he not told her? How many secrets or things did he have that she didn't know?
	She felt she was transparent in front of him with no privacy, while she could not see through him and did not understand him at all.
	"Zoe is not my sister." This was what Bright wanted to tell her.
	Rose widened her beautiful eyes and was astonished for a moment....
	"She is not your sister? How can she not be your sister? Even if you have the same father but different mothers, she is also your sister." Rose frowned and pondered. She had seen Zoe twice. But she did not know this thing.
	Because Bright was not enthusiastic about his family except for his brother. He and Francis even gave tit for tat and no one was willing to admit defeat.
	Maybe she didn't see any difference in Bright's attitude toward Zoe. So, she didn't tell it.
	"She's just Hallie's daughter, but not my Dad's, which means she's not related to me. We are just brothers and sisters in name." Bright told Rose the reason.
	"She's not Dad's daughter?" Rose looked extremely incredulous.
	"Yes. She was brought to the Lee family after Hallie and Dad got married. So, her surname is Hill. How can I get into her room?" they were not related by blood and he had to behave himself.
	"What about Stefan? He should be Dad's son, right?" Rose looked up at him like a curious baby.
	Bright looked down at her clear eyes, "Stefan is Hallie and Dad's son."
	"I have thought Zoe has her mother's last name and Stefan has his father's last name. So, you're not related to Zoe." Rose was suddenly enlightened, "No wonder she's like that. It all makes sense."
	"What is the matter with her? What makes sense?" it was Bright's turn to ask the question.
	Rose smiled proudly, "So there's something you don't know."
	"I'm not a god. I'm just an ordinary person. That's not the only thing I don't know." Bright lightly crossed his long legs and shifted into a more comfortable position, "Don't think of me as so omnipotent. I have flesh and blood as well as emotions and desires."
	He fixed his eyes on her face as he spoke. His soft eyes wandered over her eyebrows, her nose, and stopped at her pink lips.
	She blushed a little at his eager gaze, "Why are you looking at me like that?"
	"I am waiting for you to answer my question." He had been waiting patiently for her.
	"I feel that Zoe doesn't like me and is a bit aggressive to me. But she especially cares about you. Last time you wanted to stay at the Lee family's villa for one night, she was extremely joyful at that time. She also looked hurt when you were cold." Rose thought back to the two times she had seen Zoe, and details flashed through her mind.
	"Is that so?" Bright was indifferent.
	"Didn't you notice?" Rose looked serious.
	"She lives in the Lee family's villa and I live in Ginkgo Villa. We only see each other at family dinners. Why do I notice so much? Do you think I will pay attention to everyone?" Bright answered gently.
	It was said that Bright was heartless. It could be seen from what he said just now that he was indeed heartless.
	Even if Zoe was not his real sister and was only his stepsister, he should have been polite on the surface. But he was still so cold.
	However, Zoe cared about him a lot. She was obviously concerned about everything about him. She would be happy for him and be sad for him. But she couldn't get a trace of warmth from him.
	"She is indeed my stepsister on the surface. But in fact, she is not related with me and is no different from other women for me. I have to keep the distance and let her clearly understand that we won't get closer." Bright saw through her thoughts and explained.
	"I haven't even asked yet and you've answered it." Rose was deflated that she was still transparent in front of him.
	"I'm just afraid that you'll be tired after talking more." Bright held the water bottle and poured a glass of water, handing it to her, "Drink some water to rehydrate yourself."
	Rose took the water and glared at him, "So I have to thank Mr. Bright for his thoughtfulness."
	"You're welcome." Bright could not help but smiled softly.
	Only in front of Rose, he was not so cold and tough, but just gentle and soft.
	Such a Bright was exclusively for Rose.
	"What you said and have done are actually not wrong. But I just sympathize with Zoe." Rose held a glass of water.
	Bright raised his eyebrows in dissatisfaction, "You sympathize with her? Why?"
	"Don't you think she likes you?" Rose, from a woman's point of view, felt that it was indeed like this, "it's women's love for men."
	"I just think she's a schoolgirl." Bright said.
	"A schoolgirl will be stubborn once she falls in love with someone." Because that feeling was very pure. So, she would take it seriously. Even if that man did not like her, as long as she could look at him and say a word to him, she would be happy.
	"When you were about 20 years old, were you so stubborn if you liked someone?" Bright's low voice was getting huskier and more charming.
	Rose was a little uneasy, "Why are you talking about me?"
	"Then who do you like now?" Bright still stared at her with a burning gaze, not allowing her to evade the question.
	Rose remained silent. How could she easily say that she liked someone anytime and anywhere?
	Rose looked at Bright. But the latter just raised his eyebrows.
	"I'm going to go see if Doris is done with her shower." Rose put down the glass and got up.
	As soon as she got up, Bright had hugged her from behind, "Is it so hard to say you like me?"
	Rose lightly bit her pink lips. In fact, it was not hard. But she was so shy.
	When she was young, she could easily say that she liked someone. Now that she had matured and had a daughter, she preferred to put her feelings in the most important place in her heart.
	What's more, the love which could be easily said was not necessarily true.
	Rose gently pulled his hand around her waist and turned around. Her eyes were filled with softness and affection. Then, she lightly stood on tiptoe to give him a kiss on the face before backing away.
	"I'm a doer."
	With that, Rose blushed and rushed to the bathroom.
	Bright watched Rose's back. She was so flustered and was like a panicked rabbit.
	He raised his hand and touched his cheek Rose had just kissed. She was truly a doer.
	Shouldn't he respond to her love with action as well?
	Bright looked at the big bed with light blue sheets.
Chapter 168 Moving in with Dad in City J
	Rose took Doris out of the bathroom. Wearing a pink cartoon nightgown, with her long hair wet, Doris was very cute with her face reddish.
	Rose took a towel to help Doris dry her wet hair. Bright asked, "Where's the hair dryer?"
	"In the bottom drawer of the chest of drawer." Rose said.
	Bright went to the drawer, squatted down, opened the drawer and took out the hair dryer.
	Bright went over to the big bed, and then Rose put down the towel and reached for the hair dryer, but he put it on the bed.
	"You go to take a shower and I'll dry Doris's hair." Bright said, reaching to unbutton his suit.
	After hearing this, Doris clapped her hands happily. "Daddy is great!"
	Bright reached out and touched the top of Doris's hair, with a spoiling smile.
	Rose looked at Bright suspiciously, "Are you sure?"
	"Of course I do." Bright took off his suit and handed it to her. "Hang it up for me."
	"Can you dry hair?" Rose took the suit, asking worriedly.
	In Rose's eyes, Mr. Lee seemed to know worldly stuff. Could he really know how to use a dryer?
	"I'm not that stupid, okay?" Bright then unbuttoned his shirt and rolled up his sleeves. "Go take a shower."
	"Mom, you have to trust Dad." Doris also sided with Bright. "It's not true love for you to be so suspicious of Dad. Daddy will be sad."
	Rose shrugged her shoulders and reminded Bright before she left, "If you have any questions, let me know."
	Bright smiled evilly, then leaned forward and whispered in her ear, "You'll be naked when you are taking a shower. Will you just come out if I call you?"
	"Bright, how could you be so mean?" Rose reached out and punched him on the shoulder.
	Bright was fine, but she was hurting her hands because of his tough muscles. She was just looking for trouble when she hit him.
	Rose took his suit to the cloakroom and then took a shower.
	Bright sat Doris on the edge of the soft bed while he stood and blew her wet hair.
	He held the hair dryer up and ran his fingers through Doris's long hair with his other hand. He touched his hair gently and subtly, for fear of pulling Doris's hair and hurting her.
	"Baby, did it hurt you?" Bright asked her.
	Doris was sitting nicely. "No, Dad is great."
	A gentle smile lifted the corners of Bright's mouth. He was satisfied to be praised by his daughter.
	"Doris, can Daddy ask you something?" Bright caressed her long hair gently.
	"Go ahead."
	"Do you want to go to Daddy's place with daddy?"
	"Is dad's house in City J?"
	"Bingo."
	"Will mommy go with us?"
	"I haven't asked mommy yet, but if Doris wants to go, then work with dad to convince mommy, so that the three of us can go back to City J together. That's where our true home is." Bright was trying to get Doris on his side.
	"Our home?" Doris frowned slightly. "Home with Mommy, Eaddy and me?"
	"Yes. If we live together, we'll never be apart." Bright continued, "This is our small family, and when your grandparents are here, we are a big family. You haven't met your grandparents yet, right?"
	"Will grandma and grandpa like me?"
	"Of course, you're so cute."
	"Well, Doris goes wherever mommy and daddy go."
	"That's the deal."
	"Yes."
	After Bright had dried Doris's hair, Rose came out of the bathroom and found Doris lying in the middle of the big bed and Bright was pulling the cover for Doris.
	Rose came over, "Do you want a bath?"
	"Do you have you any pajamas?" Bright didn't bring anything. He couldn't buy any clothes late at night.
	"I only prepare for the towel and toothbrush, but no pajamas." Rose never thought that Bright would condescend to the Linder family one day.
	Bright took a shower every day, not only because he was obsessed with cleanliness, but also because it could help him relax himself. But today, it seemed he couldn't take a bath...
	At this time, there was a knock on the door and they both looked at the bedroom door.
	"I'll go and see." Rose walked past the door. "Who's that?"
	"Rose, it's me." It was Joy.
	Rose pulled the door open, but it was just as wide as a man could pass through, "What's wrong?"
	"We haven't prepared any pajamas for Bright. I bought your father's new pajamas. If Bright is fine with it, then take it." Joy's attitude toward Rose had changed a lot.
	It was thanking to her identity to be Mrs. Lee.
	"Thank you for him." Rose said as she took the unopened pajamas.
	"We're a family. Don't regard me as an outsider. " Joy smiled, "then I will not disturb you. Have a rest."
	Joy left, and Rose closed the door. She took the pajamas to Bright. "It might not fit you, but it is better than having no one. Just take it for a night."
	Bright glanced at the unopened pajamas and reached for them. "I accept it for Mrs. Lee's sake," he said.
	He went to the bathroom, and Rose went to bed, lying on Doris's left side.
	"Mother will read you a story." Rose reached for the bedtime story book on the bed.
	"Mom, can I have daddy read it to me today?" Doris pleaded, with her clear eyes wide open.
	"Daddy went to take a bath, and Daddy was tired after a long day at work." Rose knew that Bright came here in a hurry today. "Next time, OK?"
	"Mom, daddy is going back to City J tomorrow. When will the next time come?" Doris felt that daddy should spend time with her every day.
	Rose could not answer, and Doris said again, "Mom, come back to City J with me and Dad, then we can meet every day."
	"You want to go live with Dad in City J?" Rose had not expected such a request from her daughter.
	"It would be a lie if I say no, but if you don't want to go with us, I'll stay with mommy and go nowhere." Doris put her mother's idea first.
	"Give me some time to think about it." Rose knew that if they set apart, Bright would go back and forth to see them, and he would be tired.
	She had thought about living with Bright, but it was not now. She wanted to go to City J until she got the project of Beach Hotel, so that she could be more confident.
Chapter 169 It Make Sense That I Come And Stay with You
	Rose then read a bedtime story to Doris. Doris held her giant panda doll and listened to her mother reading the story quietly. The melodious and pleasant voice of her mother made Doris feel peaceful.
	Halfway through the story, Bright came out of the bathroom, wiping his wet hair while walking over to the bed.
	Rose looked at Bright. He was wearing his gray silk pajamas. They were a bit small for him.
	After all, Bright was ten centimeters taller than Chandler, so Bright's wrists and ankles were more exposed in the pajamas and that made the tall and handsome Bright look a little funny.
	Rose wanted to laugh, but she managed not to.
	From Rose's staring, Bright knew that the pajamas did not fit him.
	"Laugh if you like."
	Bright walked over to the other side of the bed.
	Hearing this, Rose didn't hold back her laughter and laughed like a nightingale.
	Even Doris, who had not been asleep, sat down, and grinned.
	Bright reached over and touched Doris's forehead. "You made fun of daddy, too?"
	"Daddy, you are like a big thief wearing children's clothes. I really can't help it." Doris shook Bright by the arm. "But Daddy is the most handsome man in my eyes."
	"Clever girl." Bright touched the bridge of her nose.
	"Well, go to bed. Don't be late for school tomorrow morning." Rose patted the soft pillow to remind Doris.
	Doris took the bedtime book from Rose and put it in Bright's hand, "Daddy, you will read to me today. It is mommy who has been reading to me, but you never did it."
	She riveted her round eyes at Bright, hoping he would accept her request.
	"Daddy is tired." Rose reminded Doris to be good.
	Bright was so busy that she didn't want her daughter to add to his burden.
	"What does it matter? My daughter wants to hear me reading." Bright took the story book from Doris and rubbed her hair lovingly. "Daddy will read the story to you every day and make up for the time I didn't spend with you before, OK?"
	"Really?" Doris looked at Bright excitedly.
	Bright nodded seriously. "Of course it's true. When has Dad ever lied to you?"
	Doris shook her head without hesitation. "That's so great! Dad is the best."
	Looking at Doris's happy face, Rose felt left out.
	"Dad's the best, but mom's not? You have your father and forget your mother." Rose teased Doris.
	Doris gave Rose a hug and said, "Mother is irreplaceable in my heart."
	The clever little kid was so lovely.
	"All right, lie down." Rose put Doris down on a pillow and then tucked her in bed.
	Bright held the story book for her and continued reading the story.
	Perhaps Doris was so excited today that she stayed awake until the story finished.
	"What's the matter with you today?" Rose watched Doris. "Aren't you well?"
	"No, I think I'm too excited to sleep." Doris looked from side to side. "Mommy, Daddy, will you both lie down? Sleep with me."
	Rose and Bright looked at each other and then lay down.
	Doris slept in the middle, with her mom on her left and dad on her right, just like the little princess they protected in the middle, safe and happy.
	She stretched out her soft left hand to hold her mother's hand, stretched out her right to hold her father's.
	They were a family of three at this time, very warm and lovely.
	Doris said, "It's nice to have Mommy and Daddy with me."
	"I will always be with you." Bright promised Doris.
	"Close your eyes and go to sleep." Rose patted her lightly to lull her to sleep.
	Doris obediently closed her eyes, her thick, curling lashes looking like little wings.
	Doris held her parents' hands tightly and fell asleep under Rose's gentle coaxing.
	After her daughter's breathing was gentle and even, Rose tried to pull back her hand, but the child held it so tightly that she would not let it go even in her sleep.
	"Daddy, don't go..." Doris was whispering in her dream.
	Bright patted the child gently and said, "Daddy won't leave. You can rest assured. Mommy and Daddy are here together."
	Then Doris fell asleep again and did not talk in her sleep.
	It could be seen that the child was eager for father's love. She hoped her mom and dad be together and craved having a complete family.
	Rose looked at Doris's lovely sleeping face, and her heart was filled with excitement.
	She felt sorry for the child and had been ignoring her feelings.
	"Well, don't blame yourself." Bright saw Rose lowering her eyelids, and her eyes reddened. "It is instinct that children yearn for the love of their parents. You have been working hard to take care of her by yourself these years, and you have done a good job."
	"So, don't take it to heart too much. With me here, I will take good care of you. I would take care of her and let her no longer feel that she is a child without father."
	Bright reached over and took her right hand, calming her down.
	Rose felt the heat of his warm hand wrap her tightly, giving her strength and security.
	Rose nodded. "After we bid on the Beach Hotel, Doris and I will go to City J."
	She was not just doing it for Doris, she was doing it for herself and for Bright.
	Since she had decided to be with him, she, as a wife, should be considerate of her husband.
	It was just that she changed a place to work, so that it could spare Bright from flying two cities at a time and spare his tiredness of working.
	"In fact, if you really don't want to leave here, I will respect your decision." Bright didn't want to force her. "Since you can't come to City J, I should come with you. I'm a man and I should take more responsibility."
	Rose shook her head and held his hand. "I didn't force myself to make this decision. I'm serious. We're a family. We have to safeguard our home. The Linder family has never really been my family. It is because of grandma that I stay."
	"Grandma also said since I get married, I should take care of my own family. And I should balance work and family."
Chapter 170 Don't Regret for What You Did
	"Grandma is right, so I decided to take Doris to City J to live with you and take good care of our family together." After Rose and her grandma had an in-depth talk, grandma was very supportive of her going to City J.
	Bright saw that she had made up her mind and was very pleased. "OK, I'll wait for you."
	After chatting, Rose and Bright went to bed, and held hands to protect Doris between them.
	That night, the family slept more sweetly than ever before.
	Bright didn't get up at 6,30 in the morning to go for a run. Instead, he lay in bed and watched Rose and Doris sleeping.
	They were still in a deep sleep. Bright did not disturb them. He only released his hands with Rose and stroked the strands of her hair on her face, gently putting them behind her ears.
	The tips of his fingers tickled her and she twitched her eyebrows, but did not open her eyes.
	Under hazy light, her long eyelashes cast shadows on her white skin, like a picture, so beautiful and touching.
	Bright watched them for a while. It wasn't until seven o'clock that he got up lightly.
	Having got dressed, he went out of the bedroom and stepped downstairs.
	There was no one in the dining room, so he walked round the house, breathing the fresh air. The fresh smell of grass and flowers refreshed him a lot.
	He walked around and then went back to the villa. At this moment, Chandler and Joy also came downstairs and saw Bright entering the living room.
	"Bright, did you have a good sleep last night?" Chandler was very concerned, afraid that he didn't treat his guest well.
	Bright was not so much a son-in-law to the Linder family as a guest. He was an honored guest.
	"Very good, thank you." Bright was relaxed.
	It was the most relaxing and enjoyable sleep he had ever had.
	With his wife and daughter...there was no better night than this.
	"What about Rose and Doris?" asked Joy.
	"I got up first and went to look around. They should be still upstairs. I'll go and see." Bright just wanted them to have more sleep.
	"It's time for breakfast. We'll wait for you in the dining room." Chandler reminded him.
	Bright nodded and went upstairs.
	It was half past seven, which was when Rose and Doris usually got up.
	Bright went upstairs and found they woke up. Doris was dressing herself.
	Rose washed and then changed, so Bright took Doris to the bathroom to wash.
	After Rose and Doris were ready, they went down to have breakfast with Bright.
	There were both Chinese and western food on the table. Because Joy didn't know Bright's eating habits, she had prepared different food.
	During breakfast, Bright did not speak at all, and he was very elegant when having meal. Everyone knew he was born to a noble family by his eating manner. The outstanding temperament seemed to be born with him.
	Chandler and Joy could not help but look at Bright, but he was not affected by anything and didn't make any noise from the beginning to the end of the meal.
	After Bright finished eating, he put down the chopsticks and said, "I have finished. The breakfast is delicious. Enjoy yourself."
	His politeness was indication of his distance from the Linder family.
	"Great." Chandler smiled.
	"So do I." Doris put down her spoon and took a tissue to wipe her mouth.
	Bright took Doris's hand and said, "Are you glad that Daddy sends you to school today?"
	"Yes." Doris was excited.
	"Let's go, then." Bright took the small pink bag on the back of the chair and held Doris's hand.
	Rose held Doris's other hand, and Chandler and Joy watched for a while as the three of them left.
	Jennifer then said, "Chandler, you don't even dare to speak up with Bright around? And Joy, you just didn't say anything."
	Jennifer's tone was full of sarcasm, which made Chandler and Joy embarrassed.
	"Bright is a guest at the Linder Family, so we have to treat him well." Chandler avoided the embarrassment.
	"Yes. Even if we have to squabble, we can't do it in front of Bright. It's so inappropriate, right?" Joy said with a smile, "As a mother-in-law, I should pay attention to my behavior."
	"You're just afraid you might have offended Bright. I'm really relieved to let Bright take care of Rose, so I'm going back to Switzerland next week and never come back." Jennifer made her decision.
	Her staying here would only make Rose worry about her and bothered her plan of following Bright to City J. Rose would only be relieved if she left and got the best care.
	The best she could do for her granddaughter, was not to weigh her down.
	"Mom, what are you doing? Switzerland is so far away. We can't take care of you." Chandler said, "Stay here, and I will find the best nursing home for you. We can come and see you when we have time."
	"No. I want to live in peace." Jennifer refused, quietly putting down her chopsticks. "Before I leave, there are a few things I need to say."
	"Chandler, Joy, you are not qualified to be parents! You didn't want to be nice to Rose, and now when someone loves her and takes good care of her, you want to be kind to her. But she doesn't need it now."
	"Mom, we know we are wrong. we'll make it up to Rose from now on." Chandler was regretful now.
	"Mom, it's never too late to make it up, is it?" Joy also regretted.
	Jennifer just sighed, "What's the use of trying to make up for her? Can she not tell you that your so-called kindness came from the fact that she married Bright? Chandler, Joy, people don't appreciate anything until they've really lost it... So, don't feel regret for what you have done."
	"Mom, what should we do? Rose only listens to you."
	"I can't help you."
	As Chandler and Joy watched Jennifer get up and leave, they had mixed feelings.
	They never thought that Rose would become Bright's wife, and never thought that the girl they gave up would stand on the top of life one day.
	But they could only stand at the foot of the mountain and look up at her high above.
	Such a change really caught them off guard and made them upset.
Chapter 171 Parent-Child Activities This Year She Had Her Dad with Her
	Bright and Rose took Doris to the kindergarten together while the teacher sent them a notice.
	"Next Friday, we will hold a parent-child activity for this semester. We hope all parents can spend this enjoyable and meaningful parent-child time with their children." The teacher reminded the parents.
	"Good." Rose took the notice.
	Meanwhile, Matthew, who had dropped Wyatt off at school, received the notice and twitched his eyebrow.
	Not only did he have no time, but the child had no mother to accompany him.
	Wyatt looked upset. Doris tugged at his coat. "What's wrong with you?"
	"I don't like parent-child activities. Everyone else has a mom and a dad. But I don't have a mom." Wyatt whispered.
	And then he lowered his head, looking lost.
	"I understand. I didn't like parent-child activities before, because I didn't have a dad." Doris understood Wyatt. "But what does it matter? The important thing is that we have fun."
	"Doris, since I don't have a mother and you don't have a father, why don't we form a family and then we have a mother and a father, right?" Wyatt looked at Doris with pleas in his eyes, hoping she would agree him.
	"Wyatt, I'm sorry, I have a dad now." Doris pointed at Bright and said proudly, "That's my Daddy. Is he handsome?"
	Wyatt recognized Bright. He was the icy uncle he saw last time in the Ocean Park. "Not as handsome as mine," Wyatt said with a frown.
	"My father is the most handsome in my eyes anyway." Doris gave a little groan.
	Wyatt tugged at her, wondering, "When did that uncle become your father?"
	"It's a long story. Let's talk about it as we walk..."
	And Doris and Wyatt walked into the kindergarten hand in hand.
	Matthew withdrew his look at Doris, took the notice, and looked at Bright. "Mr. Lee, congratulations to you and Miss Rose."
	Last night when Matthew learned that Bright and Rose were husband and wife, he was really shocked. And at that time, there were so many people who congratulated them that he didn't have the chance to so something nice to them.
	"Thank you, Mr. Matthew." Bright smiled a bit.
	They left the kindergarten. Bright dropped Rose off at her office and left.
	Bright got into the Mercedes. Bill sat in front of him.
	"Where is Timothy at this time?" Bright's tenderness towards Sophie was gone, only leaving coldness, and he had returned to the cold-hearted man as the rumor said.
	"He's still at Golden Hotel." Bill reported.
	"If he won't come to me, I'll go to him." Bright came in person.
	Timothy dared to set his woman up. It was time for him to pay for his evil deeds.
	"Yes." Bill set the navigation destination to Timothy's Golden Hotel and asked the driver to send them there.
	When they arrived at Golden Hotel, Bright booked a room on the same floor opposite Timothy's and went straight up.
	Timothy was in 1605 and Bill went up and rang his doorbell.
	He pressed the bell three times, but no one answered the door. He kept pressing until a curse came from inside, "Who the hell is it? It is so hateful to disturb my dream so early in the morning..."
	When Timothy opened the door and saw Bill standing there, he was even more furious. "Who the hell are you? Get away or I will punch you!"
	When Bill respectfully stepped back and Bright showed up, Timothy met the sharp eyes and he felt his legs soft and trembling.
	"Mr... Mr. Bright..." Timothy couldn't even say a complete sentence, "Morning..."
	"Mr. Timothy, won't you invite me in?" Bright was in white shirt and black suit, looking handsome and tall and was in stark contrast to Timothy who was only wearing a robe.
	They were like chalk and cheese.
	"I... don't think it is appropriate. Mr. Bright, please wait for a moment. I will change my clothes." Timothy tugged at his robe to cover the scratches on his skin.
	"There is nothing inappropriate." Bright put his hands in his trouser pockets. He was so aggressive that Timothy couldn't escape.
	Timothy did not dare to offend Bright, so he let go of the door and retreated into the room.
	Bright walked in. When he reached the living room, he didn't sit down immediately. Instead, he frowned.
	Bill stepped up and pulled back the French curtains and pushed open the French window to let in some fresh air.
	"Mr. Timothy, who is it? It's so early in the morning and we haven't had a good time yet..." came a loud female voice.
	"It looks like I spoil your good time." Bright thought about the scratches on Timothy.
	Timothy not only didn't take the initiative to apologize to Rose, but even found a woman to stay in the hotel for a happy night.
	The woman who came out from the bedroom wore red lace sexy pajamas, with her shoulder half exposed and long hair dropping on the left side. It was so alluring... But she just froze when she saw Bright.
	Oh my God, this man was so handsome! It was rarely charming in the world!
	The woman stared at him straight and wanted to fall on him.
	"Don't be rude. Don't stare at Mr. Bright." Timothy said.
	"Mr. Bright..." When the woman saw Timothy's white face with fear, she realized that this man was many times superior than Timothy.
	If she could hook up with this man, would her life be changed?
	She twisted her hips and went forward barefoot to Mr. Bright and then stretched out her arm and tried to put it on Bright's shoulder.
	As a result, Bright turned around, and stared at her sharply, making the woman get nothing.
	The woman trembled a bit, then restored smile, and said coquettishly, "Mr. Bright, why so angry in the early morning. How about having a relax..."
	"Get out." Bright said gently, word by word.
	"Mr. Bright, don't be so fierce. I'm afraid..." The woman, however, still wanted to be close to him again.
	"Bill." Bright didn't want to waste any time with this woman.
	After Bill having a call, the two men who had been with them outside the door came in and dragged her out.
	"You let go of me! The woman realized that she had offended someone she shouldn't. "Mr. Bright... Please let go of me."
	"Mr. Bright, please let me get changed before you throw me out."
	"Mr. Bright... Oh..."
	The woman was thrown out and the door was closed. Timothy just hung his head down and said nothing.
	Bright stared at him who had the sweat on his forehead. "Do you know why I'm looking for you?"
Chapter 172 Would You Spare Me
	Timothy was so frightened by Bright's strong aura that he dared not look up. He was so weak that he had only his last strength left to keep him from falling.
	He felt he had lost control of himself, so he shook his head and then nodded. In fact, he had no idea of what he was doing.
	Bright looked down at Timothy, "Do you know it or don't you?"
	"I don't know... Could you please tell me...?" Timothy was so scared.
	Bright was standing there. The sunshine outside the French window was falling on him. The halo was so thick, but it could not soften his anger.
	His eyes were sharp and cold.
	He did not speak, narrowing his eyes.
	The atmosphere was frighteningly still, making Timothy feel at ill.
	Timothy gritted his teeth and finally gave in. "Mr. Bright, I was wrong. I shouldn't have set Mrs. Lee up... But I didn't know it was her."
	"If I had known it, I wouldn't have come close to her. Mr. Bright, please forgive me. I don't dare to do it in the future. No... I won't do it again. Please."
	"Forgive you? If you are so ignorant, it would be fine. But you are arrogant How shall I forgive you?" Bright's eyes were getting fierce.
	Bright said in a light tone, but in Timothy's ears it sounded like the sound from the hell that made him tremble.
	"Mr. Bright, I really know I'm wrong." Timothy begged, "I will stay far away from Mrs. Lee, and with her here, I won't show up; with me here, and won't be her..."
	"What?" Bright asked in a skeptical tone.
	"No, no, no. Where there is Mrs. Lee, there will be no me. I will get far away." he explained.
	"You should have gone away!" Bright sat down on a single couch nearby, with a round wooden table having a red rose in a white vase on it.
	"You're not ignorant, you're fearless."
	"Even if you didn't know Rose is Mrs. Lee, you knew she is my woman! And, you spoke ill of her and ruined her reputation at a cocktail party!"
	"I... I... I was drunken and lost my mind..." That was the only excuse Timothy could find.
	"You did it on purpose." Bright's eyes were cold. "Did you send that Cruz to the Lee family?"
	"No, not me!" Timothy shook his head repeatedly in denial.
	"Who would it be if it was not you?" Bright suddenly looked gloomy.
	"It was really not me. I don't even know him." Timothy denied.
	Bright just twitched his lips and glanced at Bill, who had been waiting by.
	Bill had been with Bright for years, and he knew exactly what the Boss meant.
	Bill made a call, "Is that one there yet? Bring him in."
	As soon as he hung up the phone, a black-clad bodyguard took a man in and then left.
	The man gave in and fell at Bill's feet, "Mr. Bright, I don't know anything. It's not me, not me."
	"See who is in front of you." Bill backed away so that Cruz could have a better look at Bright in the back.
	Bright bent his head slightly, looking at his long fingers, which were smooth and graceful. He sat there perfectly fine like a cold statue.
	Cruz looked up carefully, glanced at Bright, and then lowered his eyes, "Mr. Bright..."
	He was so stupid that he had mistaken the real Mr. Bright.
	"Since you didn't do it, will you tell Mr. Bright who did it?" Bill spoke in place of Bright.
	Cruz pointed to Timothy without hesitation, "It was him. He asked me to do so."
	"What the hell are you talking about? Timothy immediately denied it, saying, "I don't even know you. How could I ask you to do something like this?"
	"Mr. Timothy, you gave me 200,000 to go to go the Lee family and accused Mrs. Lee of being Mr. Bright's mistress, and said that someone will cover up for me." Cruz answered back at Timothy and then looked at Bright, "Mr. Bright, if you don't believe me, you can check my account. I received 200,000 two days before I went to the Lee family."
	"I swear on my life that if I tell a lie, I shall die!"
	In order to prove that he was telling the truth, Cruz was so ruthless that he risked his life.
	Bright was very impatient at listening to their argument.
	"Enough." Bill shouted. "Mr. Bright will have his own decision. He has given you the chance to tell the truth and can spare the one who tells the truth, but don't blame Mr. Bright for being cruel to he who tells lies."
	Bright's eyes were as sharp as arrows, shooting Timothy in the chest.
	Timothy shuddered, and his knees gave way and he fell to the ground.
	"Mr. Bright, my brain wasn't functioning at that time..." Timothy finally admitted, "I didn't mean to do this."
	"Then who made you? Why don't you tell me who that is, and I'll vent it for you?" Bright smiled dangerously.
	Timothy gritted his teeth and didn't know how to answer.
	"What? Do you have to consider whether to scapegoat for that person?" Bright gracefully crossed his legs, "Since you are so loyal, I hope that person will not betray you."
	"Timothy, this is the last chance Mr. Bright will give you. Be honest." Bill warned him not to think he could walk away without saying anything.
	"I... I could tell you, but I hope Mr. Bright will agree to one condition." Timothy dared to make a request.
	"Do you think you are qualified to bargain with Mr. Bright?" Bill sneered.
	"Well, tell me." Bright wanted to see what he wanted to do.
	"Mr. Bright, don't tell that person I told you so, and spare me." Timothy still wanted to keep alive.
	Bright was ruthless and vicious... Everyone knew that.
	He could not help remembering what had happened to those who had offended Bright.
	He didn't want to ruin the rest of his happy life for a woman.
	"You're asking a lot." Bill was ashamed of him. "Want to ask more?"
Chapter 173 The Fall of the Fan Family
	Bill smiled, pretending to be kind.
	Timothy shook his head and had no guts to bargain, "No, sir."
	"Well, you are not that greedy, are you?" Bill sneered.
	Timothy had no choice but to bear the humiliation. Now his top priority was to keep himself safe, "Mr. Bright, so…what do you think?"
	If it weren't for the fact that he had told Bright that Sophie was the one behind all these, he would be doomed.
	After all, Sophie was a member of the Linder family, also the sister of Rose, the wife of Bright. In other words, Sophie was the sister-in-law of Bright. For that reason, perhaps Bright wouldn't do anything serious to punish her but just berated her.
	However, Timothy himself was just a stranger to him. He couldn't afford to offend Bright. So he had no choice but to confess the truth.
	He kept repeating himself that he was left no choice but to turn Sophie in.
	"Well…" Bright picked up the red rose in the vase and smoothed the petal, "That one must be Sophie Linder!"
	Timothy was stunned with his eyes wide open. It seemed that he had never expected Bright to know the truth in advance.
	"Actually, Rose has been my legitimate wife instead of a mistress. I have taken her back to my family to meet my parents. Even if you made Cruz Gardner go to my family, it would never work. And that's not why my father got mad." Bright opened his thin lips and said in a cold voice casually.
	"I faked a break with Rose just because only when she is on the weak side will those culprits appear. That was why you and Sophie exposed yourselves during the party."
	Bright ripped the pedals off one by one and dropped them on the ground, "So I don't need you to confess because I have been aware of the truth."
	"Actually, you two should be the ones to be blamed. You are so eager to take revenge on Rose and that's why you turn yourselves in."
	Upon hearing that, Timothy swallowed nervously and said, "Mr. Bright, that's not the truth. Please listen to me!"
	"Mr. Bright has no time to waste on your words!" Bill interrupted.
	Since everything was clear, Bright didn't want to hear any single word from him.
	What was more, Bright valued his time and he had to make it quick.
	He dropped the bald stem of rose on the table and stood up like a gentleman.
	He buttoned up his suit and said elegantly, "Bill, it's on you now."
	"Don't worry, Mr. Bright. I will have it done perfectly." Bill bowed to him with great respect.
	Commonly speaking, Bright didn't have to present here in person for such a trifle. It was Bill's honor to have his arrival today.
	When Bright was about to step forward, Timothy hurried to kneel in front of him and was about to grab Bright's leg to beg for mercy. But Bill stopped him in advance by kicking him off.
	"Don't stain Mr. Bright's pants! Mr. Fan, I am afraid that you will have no arms to hug any pretty girls." Bill said mercilessly.
	"Mr. Bright, please forgive me! I can do anything for you as long as you show me mercy!" Timothy was totally overwhelmed with horror.
	"What I need you to do is quite simple. But you have done everything overnight! That's what you deserve." Bright stared at the love bite on Timothy's neck. He seemed to remind Timothy of his orgy last night.
	"Mr. Bright, I beg your pardon? I am not that clever to understand what you meant?" Timothy was confused.
	"Let me tell you," Bill uttered, "You haven't apologized to Mrs. Lee right after you offended her at the party last night. You did nothing during the whole night till now. And you even made Mr. Bright come to you in person!"
	"You didn't apologize. What was worse, you even indulged yourself in orgy in the hotel. Didn't you have time to apologize to Mrs. Lee? How dare you! You are humiliating Mr. Bright by doing so!"
	That was the reason why Bright showed no mercy.
	"Mr. Bright, I…I will get to apologize to Mrs. Lee right now!" Timothy jumped up and was about to run to get dressed.
	"It's too late!"
	"It's never late as long as I am willing to apologize with my greatest sincerity!" Timothy said nervously, "I am getting dressed. I don't think I should go to apologize to Mrs. Lee like that."
	"It doesn't work!"
	"It works! I will keep apologizing till she pardons me!" Timothy tried all means and insisted, "I am willing to kneel down in front of her. I won't stand up till she forgives me!"
	"Are you threatening her?" Bright raised his brows, seemingly dangerous.
	"No, no, no!" Timothy shook his head.
	"You have no chance!" Bright took the bald stem from the table again.
	He squinted and snapped the stem and dropped it on the ground. He said indifferently, "The doomsday of the Fan family is coming!"
	The doomsday of the Fan family?! What a horrible retaliation!
	Timothy was rendered suffocated upon hearing that.
	He gasped, "No! Mr. Bright, please no!"
	Bright had no mood to stay. He strode forward to leave.
	Bill stopped Timothy, "Mr. Bright will never take back his words! Don't waste your time! You deserve it! No one can save you! Even your family has to be doomed because of you!"
	Bill turned around and left. Only Timothy was left behind, and slumped onto the ground with a bitter smile. Tears streamed down his face.
	He could tell how miserable his life would be without the backup of his family. Undoubtedly, no one could afford to offend Bright.
	Timothy looked at Cruz, who froze on spot as he was totally horrified.
	Timothy dragged him forward and punched him on his jaw, "Cruz Gardner! Let me warn you! Don't try to run away even if my family has gone!"
	Cruz also fought back as he had no way back, "Timothy! You deserve it! It has nothing to do with me!"
	"If it weren't for your betrayal, I would not end up like that! I gotta kill you! I have nothing left now!" Timothy went crazy.
	He strangled Cruz hard with both hands with his blood-shot eyes.
	Cruz was older and thinner than him. He couldn't resist Timothy, who was taller and stronger. His face was burning red and he was suffocated. His face turned pale as he was about to faint.
	He tried to grab Timothy's hands to get rid of him, but he failed, "Just…let go…let me go…I have an idea to bail you out…"
	Upon hearing that, Timothy soon softened his grip, "Don't lie to me! Or I will kill you!"
	Cruz struggled to nod. And then Timothy let go of him, "Just say it!"
Chapter 174 I Am Here to Apologize
	Cruz still gasped for air. He still couldn't utter for a moment.
	When he was just strangled, he was really scared because of death. But suddenly, he came up with an idea subconsciously to keep himself alive.
	"Just say it! Come on!" Timothy urged as she was quite anxious when seeing him still gasping.
	"Just…just wait a minute!" Cruz was an old man in his fifties. He needed more time to breath smoothly again.
	"Are you fucking lying to me?!" Timothy grabbed his shoulder hard with a fierce expression.
	He acted totally different from a moment ago when he faced Bright, who trembled with fear.
	The law of jungle always applied in the world with no exception.
	"Of course I don't dare to lie to you!" Cruz took a deep breath and then continued, "Just chill out and listen to me. I can't guarantee that you can definitely bail yourself out. But it is still possible with 50%. And everything depends on you now."
	"What's more, just pretend to be poor and abused. And drop your pride and self-esteem to get sympathy as much as you can!"
	"No matter how the consequence will be, I hope you can just let me go."
	Cruz was really threatened as he was almost strangled to death by this mad man. He couldn't afford to perish along with him.
	"Okay, I will let you go as long as I think it works. Besides, if it really works, you will have my award!"
	Timothy deemed it quite fortune enough even if it was just 50% of success, "Then just tell me!"
	Cruz told him everything that he just came up with. Upon hearing, Timothy's eyes seemed to glow with hope again.
	"Okay, that's all I could do. And now everything depends on you, sir." Cruz robbed against his aching neck with lingering fear.
	"Okay!" Timothy nodded, "Okay, you can leave now."
	Cruz was overjoyed upon hearing that. He immediately hurried out of the room.
	Timothy sat on the sofa to relax himself a bit. He then went into the bathroom to spruce himself.
	Soon, he dressed up and returned to be a gentleman.
	He left the hotel and then drove to the Branch Company of YM Group in City H.
	Timothy parked the car and walked into the hall of the building. He then came towards the front desk, "Excuse me, I am Mark Fan. Is Miss Rose Linder free now? I would like to have an appointment with her."
	Timothy chose to tell the name of Mark in case Rose refused to meet him.
	"Okay, a moment please." The front desk lady called Rose, "Miss Rose, a gentleman named Mark Fan want to have an appointment with you. May I have your schedule?"
	Rose, who was working on her draft in the office, was quite surprised to hear the name of Mark.
	Though her grandma once asked her to have a blind date with Mark, they hadn't even met each other actually. When her grandma was about to rearrange the date, she was then informed that Rose was married to Bright. So commonly speaking, her grandma wouldn't schedule a date for her.
	Perhaps her grandma forgot to inform Mark that the date was cancelled. And he drove to meet her today?
	Rose raised her arm to take a look at her watch, It was 10:10 AM now.
	"Miss Rose, are you there?" The front desk asked as Rose still remained silent.
	"Yes. Just let him wait here. I will be right downstairs five minutes later." Rose thought for a while. She still deemed it necessary to explain to him in case there would be any misunderstanding. She didn't want mark wrong her grandma for breaking the appointment. Nor did she want Bright to be jealous of it.
	At the thought of the aggrieved and jealous look of Bright, Rose couldn't help laughing.
	Rose put down the phone. She took a deep breath and stoop up. She smoothed her clothes and walked out of the office. She even checked her appearance in the mirror in the elevator.
	When Rose got out of the elevator, she walked towards the front desk, "Where is Mark Fan?"
	The front desk lady pointed at the one standing outside the door, "There he is."
	Rose looked at his figure, feeling quite familiar. She then stepped forward. And the man slowly turned around.
	When Rose met him face to face, she saw him clearly it was Timothy, not Mark. She immediately turned around to walk away with a cold face.
	Though she hadn't met Mark before, she knew his face from a photo shown by grandma.
	"Miss Rose, wait!" Timothy strode forward to stop her when seeing her leave.
	"What are you doing, Timothy!" Rose took two steps back to stay away from him, "Here is my workplace! Don't mess around!"
	"Miss Rose, I have no evil intention and I am here to apologize to you." Timothy bowed to her with respect, "I am so sorry for what I have done to you. Please forgive me!"
	Rose was rendered speechless and stunned by his move, "What…what are you doing? Mr. Timothy, I need to work. And I don't have time to play with you."
	Rose carefully bypassed him and was about to leave. But Timothy stopped her and still bowed to apologize.
	The front desk lady and other staffs all looked at them curiously. Some of them even started to gossip.
	Rose had no choice but to ask the security guards for help, "Sir, could you please get Mr. Timothy out of here?"
	The guards knew Rose. So they walked to Timothy and said, "Mr. Timothy, please leave here. Or I am afraid we need to get you out with force."
	"I am just here to apologize. Believe me, I have no bad intention." Timothy deemed it unnecessary to be driven out as he didn't mean to harass her.
	The guards had to drag him out. Timothy still struggled, "Miss Rose, I won't leave until you forgive me today!"
	Timothy was driven out and he couldn't come in as the guards still stood in front of the door. He could only stay outside the building.
	"Just stay if you want!" Rose turned around coldly, leaving him alone with other's gossip.
	"Miss Rose, don't leave, please! You can't just see me dying!" Timothy kneeled on one knee.
	He had no choice but to kneel in front of the building, trying to win more sympathy. He wanted to pressure on Rose by those onlookers. That was the only way for him to gain pardon.
	He only had mere hope as long as Rose forgave him.
	After all, Bright valued her so much. Only Rose could spare him the chance of survival.
Chapter 175 Kneeling
	Timothy was totally frightened by Bright. He didn't want his family to be destroyed. He still had to rely on his family for the wealth and support. He had to drop his pride and kneeled for a woman even if he was mocked. Every cost mattered as long as he had a chance to survive.
	Rose was really confused when seeing him kneeling down outside the door.
	He just mocked her sharply at the party last night. How could it be possible that he was willing to kneel down to beg for pardon today.
	Every passer-by saw the weird scene. They were all guessing what happened between Rose and this man.
	"Do you think if Miss Rose abandoned this man…"
	"No! Miss Rose has married, so this man might be her husband. See, he keeps begging for pardon. Perhaps he cheated on her and Miss Rose was aware of that."
	"No! He addresses her as Miss Rose, not honey or babe! So he is not her husband!"
	"Perhaps Miss Rose ruined his plan or she had something on him. That's why a gentleman like him even kneels down for pardon."
	"I wouldn't do that if I weren't him. If I have to, I would do it at home when no one is around."
	"So what makes him kneel for her!"
	"Stop guessing! We will know soon if we keep watching."
	Rose frowned when noticing those gossipers. Then she looked at Timothy.
	She thought she'd better leave him alone. She then turned around and left everyone keep gossiping, leaving Timothy playing his own trick.
	She thought those onlookers would also leave if they lost interest after she left.
	Timothy was quite flustered when seeing her leave. He then shouted, "Miss Rose, I will keep kneeling here till you nod to forgive me!"
	How dared he threaten her!
	Rose smiled coldly and said indifferently, "Mr. Timothy, you can just kneel here for all day long if you insist."
	"I have much work to deal with. I am afraid I have no time to waste on you." Rose then said to the guards, "Watch him! Don't let him in to disturb me!"
	Rose spared him no choice. She then turned to walk towards the elevator without looking back.
	Timothy saw her walk into the elevator and press the button. He wanted to rush in anxiously. But the guards stopped him as required.
	"Mr. Timothy, I am sorry. You are not allowed to come in."
	Timothy was anxious and mad when seeing her go upstairs.
	Some onlookers still stood and watched. If he left, all his efforts would be gone. What was more, he had just promised. So he had to keep kneeling on one knee in front of the building.
	He just hoped Rose could show him sympathy for his persistence.
	Timothy kept kneeling. However, as a man living in affluence, he felt both his waist and back pain after kneeling for a while. His knee hurt as well because of the hard ground.
	His fact turned pale and his shirt was drenched by sweat, which stuck to his body, making him quite uncomfortable.
	When it was at noon, Timothy slumped onto the ground. He stripped off his suit jacket and also his tie.
	His hairs were drenched by sweat as if he ran couple of miles to get here.
	When people passed by to have lunch, Timothy said to them, "Please tell Miss Rose I need to meet her. If she still refuses, I will be dead…"
	Timothy felt himself almost dying if Rose still refused to meet him.
	One of the gossipers did go to deliver a message for Timothy in front of Rose.
	Rose just stared coldly at the one who were once close to Lily, "If you are free now, just take those files for copy. The total of these files is 100."
	That person looked quite discontented when seeing the files, "Miss Rose, you should make those junior girls to these odds and ends. That's not my job."
	"So you deem delivering a message for Mr. Timothy as your job?" Rose stopped her work and still stared at that person, "Since your job is to meddle with trifles, why not let you handle the copies?"
	"I am just here to deliver a message."
	"And I just ask you to have some copies." Rose then continued seriously, "If you feel like being aggrieved, let's go to Mr. Matthew's office and let him decide on this matter."
	Upon hearing that, that person was flustered, "Miss Rose, I don't think we should bother Mr. Matthew just because of such a trifle."
	She also afraid of being fired just like Ximena if Matthew knew it.
	Though that person was quite annoyed by the fact that Rose could threaten her with her relationship with Matthew and William, she had no choice but to hold back her grievance and take the files for copy.
	Rose really disdained a gossiper like her. What a weird and disgusting person!
	Suddenly, her phone rang. It was a call from Bright.
	She picked up the phone, though quite annoyed, "Why do you call me?"
	"The news that Timothy kneels in front of your workplace has been a heated topic on the Internet." Bright still paid attention to the next move of Timothy.
	"And you just focus on your work. Leave him alone."
	"I am quite curious. Why did he come to my place for me? He offended you, right?" Rose seemed to find out the reason when hearing his words.
	"Cruz told my father in the Intercontinental Garden Hotel that it has something to do with Timothy when you are slandered as a mistress. But the culprit was actually Sophie." Bright explained and then continued, "Plus what happened last night at the party…Though they hurt you, they actually offended me since then."
	Bright wouldn't just stand by and watch when Rose was involved. He had to make them pay the price.
	And he just started his plan to retaliate against Sophie while starting from Timothy.
	Upon hearing that, Rose smiled. She felt warm in her heart and tears wet her eyes.
	She remained silent for a while but still failed to utter as he felt quite warm in her heart.
	"What? Are you moved?" Bright seemed to read her mind.
	"Thank you, honey." She called him as honey intimately again.
	"Don't mention it, honey." Bright was quite overjoyed to hear that, "Let me handle all these. And you just need to focus on your work only."
	"Okay. But I didn't expect Timothy would ally himself with Sophie." Rose felt relaxed while speaking. For Bright, that would be the best backup.
	"I can still smash them easily even they team up." Bright sneered.
Chapter 176 His Love And Concern
	Even if the Linder family allied themselves with the Fan family, it wouldn't take Bright any struggle to deal with it. After all, he was much more powerful.
	"Just don't softhearted." Bright seemed to notice her, "I know Sophie is your sister."
	"Sister? So what? Our sisterhood has gone five years ago. We are so incompatible! She had plotted against me again and again! Why should I be softhearted!" Rose gritted with hatred.
	If it weren't because of Sophie's plot five years ago, she wouldn't have run away miserably and she wouldn't have returned for revenge.
	She still remembered the day when both her sister and lover betrayed her. It hurt so much.
	Rose clenched her fists. Her palms hurt as the fingernail pressed hard on them.
	"I am happy to know that you are finally aware of it." Bright raised his brows and looked at his watch, "Did you have lunch?"
	"Oh, I almost forget." Rose was so focused on her work that she forgot to have lunch.
	"You have to have lunch no matter how busy you are. You have to take care of yourself." Bright reminded, though he knew that she was a workaholic.
	Bright supported him and spared her enough space for her work. He knew her well. Rose would never just want to be a housewife.
	He still allowed her to work after marriage. He knew the best way to love her was to free her with enough space instead of restraining her at home.
	"I don't want my girl to be sick because of heavy work. Or I have to lock you at home." Bright tried to remind her of taking care of herself by giving a mere threat.
	"I will take care. But today is just an exception." Rose could tell how serious he was. She then continued, "Now I am going to have lunch."
	"Okay." Bright nodded.
	After the call, Bright fixed his eyes on the laptop to continue with his projects.
	Bill came over and said with respect, "Mr. Bright, we have liquidated all assets of the Fan family. And here is the list of the key partners of the Fan Group. I have noticed them and they are all willing to end the cooperation with the Fan Group. They will soon fall into productivity crisis."
	"Okay." Bright held the delicate coffee cup beside him elegantly. He took a sip and smiled for victory.
	Everything went on as expected including the clear cut from all the Fan Group's key partners. No one dared to offend Bright.
	Bill deemed his boss almost a wife-centered freak, who was willing to destroy a promising enterprise like the Fan Group just for his wife. What a dangerous beauty!
	Of course, Bill could only bury his words in his mind.
	"Order some desserts for her. And treat all members of her workplace a nice high tea with refreshments." Bright then continued to order, "Besides, deliver her a set of lunch produced by Scent Pearl Restaurant every single day from tomorrow on."
	He wanted her to have lunch on time and also enjoy disserts when she was hungry.
	"Yes, sir!" Bill nodded but still stood still.
	Bright raised his brows, "What else do you want to say?"
	"Mr. Bright, we haven't had any food yet…" Bill had been working for Bright's order with other staffs from morning till 2:00 PM. They all starved badly.
	"But I am not hungry at all even if it's about 2:00 PM." Bright said.
	"That's because you are fed with affection…" Bill murmured, "But we are all single and have no affection to feed us with…"
	"What did you just say?" Bright squinted.
	"No…nothing." Bright lowered his head upon seeing his gaze, "I said I would be right ordering disserts for Mrs. Lee. But, can we order some food by the way?"
	"My wife is still starving." Bright said casually. But he seemed to warn Bill to feed Rose first.
	"I will prioritize the order of Mrs. Lee." Bill turned around and left, trying not to bother Bright.
	"You will have your year-end bonus doubled this year." Soon, the deep voice of Bright came from behind.
	Bill's eyes were glowing with joy. It seemed that he was not longer aggrieved as a moment ago. He turned around in surprise, "Thank you so much, Mr. Bright!"
	As his special assistant, Bill had enjoyed a big sum of year-end bonus. If he had the bonus doubled, he would be even willing to starve for a whole day!
	Half an hour later, Rose received two big packets filled with desserts plus with high tea, which took five men to deliver them.
	"Oh my gosh! You have so many disserts?" Amy exclaimed while seeing the big packets of disserts and also the special set for Rose specifically. She then continued, "Miss Rose, who is your husband? That richest man in the world?"
	Rose signed the receipt while shaking her head, "I didn't expect that either. He must want to make me put on tons of weight."
	Amy took a cup of coffee from the packet and said, "Miss Rose, your husband must want to feed you up with love in case you may seek for love from someone else."
	Then Amy took a bar of chocolate produced by a world-famous brand. She snapped it and put it into her mouth. She raised her brows and smiled at Rose ambiguously while her mouth was overwhelmed with sweetness.
	Rose poked her forehead with finger gently, "I know what's on your mind."
	"Rose, I am really jealous of you for your loving husband!" Amy truly felt the love from that unknown man, "I will love a guy like him really deep if I had one."
	"Really? Are you sure my husband is a loving one? You don't even see him before. A packet of disserts will be enough to conquer you?" Rose deemed her too simple and innocent.
	"Though money is not the only standard to value love, it still accounts as a significant one. I can tell from how much he is willing to pay for you. You still remember the food of Scent Pearl Restaurant you received last time, right? This time comes all kinds of famous coffee, drinks, chocolate, cakes, chicken wings and tart. He prepared a set for everyone here."
	After thinking for a while, Amy continued, "I could tell it must be quite expensive as all packets here contain all disserts and drinks for every staff in the company. Only few men will be willing to pay the bill."
	Rose didn't reply but just smiled.
	"Miss Rose, is your husband an attractive guy?" Amy asked curiously while cupping her cheek.
	"He is an old man in his fifties. He isn't tall. Nor is he attractive. He is just so rich." Rose said as the opposite of Bright.
	"I don't believe it." Amy shook her head.
	"Why not?" Rose smiled even more, "Perhaps I am that kind of gold digger who would value money more than marriage itself."
Chapter 177 It Is Better for the Doer to Undo What He Has Done
	Rose said it very indifferently, as if she didn't mind defaming herself.
	"I just don't believe Miss Rose is such a person." Amy said intuitively, "Miss Rose, they smear you just because they are jealous of your happy life. You can't defame yourself in this way."
	"Amy, you are so innocent." Looking at Amy's pretty face, Rose felt that Amy was just like her before.
	In the eyes of innocent people, there were mostly clean and beautiful aspects in the world, so they lived more happily than someone else, but it was easy for them to be hurt.
	"Miss Rose, although I have just known you for quite a short time, I think you are not a mammonist. I believe your personal integrity, as well as my eyes." Amy thought such a good person like Rose was so beautiful and she was not that kind of person.
	Rose just smiled. She was definitely a mammonist.
	Three years ago, she sold her marriage to Bright just for money.
	She wanted to tell Amy, but she thought Amy wouldn't believe, because she hadn't thought that there would be one day when she betrayed herself.
	However, fortunately, she met Bright, who made her experience true love and happiness.
	"Go ahead with your work if you finish eating." Rose changed the topic, turned around and walked in her office.
	While Rose was walking towards the office, there were still many people who expressed their gratitude to her, "Thanks, Miss Rose."
	"You're welcome." Rose replied.
	But there was still someone satisfied, such as Rose's enemy, Lily, and someone close to her.
	Looking at those people who tried to please Rose, Lily felt so disgusted that she pushed the afternoon tea gift bag off the office desk.
	The bag just fell on her foot. It was so heavy that her foot hurt, so she was angry and kicked it away.
	"It is just some snacks. Anyone can afford it…" Lily's best friend, Niamh, said with disdain, and comforted Lily, "Lily, don't be angry with that woman who has been married with an old man of more than 50 years old. Someday bring out your boyfriend to make her ashamed."
	"Well, Lily, next time let Rose have a look at what is called the real wealth. Ethan is the true princess charming."
	"Lily, if you can't stand it, just ask Ethan to help you. After all, you will marry into his wealthy and influential family."
	"Lily, your birthday is coming. Ethan will definitely organize a party for you. Just ask everyone to bring their husbands or boyfriends. Let's see if Rose dare or not! If she dares, just show affection with Ethan to make them jealous."
	"Let her know that the man you are going to marry is a real man!"
	"Right! By the way, Rose is so young, and can the old man satisfy her? Will she find another man outside?"
	"Well, will it be that man who is kneeling downstairs?"
	"Ha, ha, ha…"
	What the three of them said was really intolerable!
	Timothy, who was talked about by them, couldn't really bear the shame anymore. He attracted everyone's attention, and there were so many people gathering at the gate of the office building.
	But it brought much influence to the company's image. As soon as Matthew knew it, he immediately went downstairs, but didn't go for Rose.
	Maybe Matthew was the only one in the company to know that Rose was Bright's wife.
	What a great honor to have Mrs. Lee working in YM Group. He really didn't dare to bother Rose.
	Matthew went downstairs to deal with Timothy. He frowned when seeing so many people.
	"Mr. Matthew… Mr. Matthew…"
	Matthew walked to Timothy. Matthew knew about these celebrities in the circle.
	"Mr. Timothy, why do you prostrate yourself in front of our company?" Matthew naturally knew that there was something to do with Rose, but he behaved as if he knew nothing, "It is said that you have been kneeling here for a long time. You haven't had any water or food, have you?"
	"I am free now, how about me taking you to have some water and food?"
	"Mr. Matthew, I want to see Miss Linder. I will leave as long as I see her." Timothy felt a little weak while speaking.
	"So, why do you want to see her? Is that because of those shameful words you said to Miss Linder yesterday?" Matthew took the initiative in case that Timothy would say something harmful to Rose.
	"Yes." Timothy said with gritted teeth, "I came to beg for her forgiveness and her help."
	"You will only cause much trouble to Miss Linder by apologizing in this way. If I were her, I wouldn't see you either under such circumstances." Matthew said what Rose wanted to say, standing in her point of view, "If Mr. Timothy really wants to apologize, you should hold a press conference and apologize in front of the public of the whole city, or visit the Linder family to apologize, instead of causing trouble here to Miss Linder's work."
	"I… I am pressed for time, and I have no other choice." Timothy placed all his hope on Rose.
	He had received his parents' phone call just now, who said that something serious happened in the Fan family, and told him to go back home.
	He knew that Bright had launched the offensive, and wouldn't stop once Bright started. The only one who could stop Bright was Rose.
	After all, it was better for the doer to undo what he had done. As long as Rose told Bright to stop, it was possible for Bright to stop.
	"Miss Linder has left the company through the underground parking lot. She will be on a business trip these days, and won't come to the company." Matthew told a lie.
	Timothy's cellphone rang again, and his mom made the call, "Timothy, come back. Your father has fallen unconscious, and has been sent to the hospital… well… Who has our family offended?"
	Hearing his mother's sad cries and that his father had been sent to the hospital, Timothy received a blow and couldn't prop himself anymore. He fainted in front of the building of YM Group, motionless.
	The receptionist called Rose, "Miss Rose, Mr. Timothy fainted in front of the company."
	"Why do you call me? Make emergency call and send him to the hospital." Rose said imperturbably.
	"OK."
	Matthew saw Timothy fainted and was so sweaty that he seemed to have got out from the water.
	"Call 911. Hurry!"
	Even though Timothy had no cooperation with them, it would bring negative influence to them if something happened to him in front of the YM Group.
	It took 8 minutes for the ambulance to arrive, and Timothy was sent to the hospital.
	Matthew asked an employee to accompany him, and informed Timothy's family.
	After Timothy was sent to the hospital, Matthew said the crowd, "Just go back."
	As a result, YM Group City H Brach and Timothy became a trending topic.
	YM Group City H Brach had a more widespread popularity, which would save millions of advertising expenses for them.
	But they didn't know if it was lucky or unlucky to become a trending topic in this way because of Timothy!
Chapter 178 One Should Answer for What He Does Himself
	What a farce and joke!
	Seeing the news that Timothy was sent to the hospital, Rose raised her lips faintly. Although she felt a little pity for him, it was not enough for her to forgive what he had done.
	He came to such an end, just because he reaped the fruits of his own actions.
	Although there would still be someone who discussed it and defended Timothy against the injustice, there were also people who stood by Rose's side. Rumors spread outside.
	However, Rose went on with her work as if nothing had happened to her, without being affected.
	The receptionist called Rose again, stammering, "Miss… Miss Rose, this time a man named Mark Fan said he wants to see you…"
	Rose frowned slightly with the cellphone in hand, and her thoughts wandered away.
	Timothy was just sent to the hospital. Maybe the one who came to find her was really Mark.
	"Tell him that I am busy today, and ask him to go back." Rose still refused.
	She refused to see Timothy, and naturally the same to Mark. They were all people of the Fan family, and she shouldn't treat to each of them differently.
	Even though her grandmother praised Mark's personality, she refused because now it was not a good time for them to meet.
	Rose ignored it and still devoted herself to the work. The bidding was coming soon and she couldn't slack off. After she won this project, then she could leave City H for City J with Bright.
	She should enjoy the family happiness. Nothing was more satisfactory than having a lovely child and a husband who loved her.
	Rose got off work to pick up Doris, and then went back to the Linder family.
	She parked the car in the courtyard, and took Doris into the villa. When they changed shoes in the vestibule, they heard grandmother's voice coming from the living room, as well as a young and strange voice.
	Rose and Doris went into the living room with soft slippers, "Grandma, any guest?"
	Rose's clear and pure voice attracted the attention of grandmother and the guest, who fixed their gaze on her.
	Rose's eyes met the guest's, and both of them felt a little shocked.
	Was it Mark? Why did he come to their house?
	What shocked Mark was the amazing beauty of Rose at first sight.
	After a few seconds, Mark stood up from the sofa, polite and elegant, "Hello, Miss Linder, I am Mark Fan."
	"Hello, Mr. Mark, I am Rose Linder." Rose came back to what she was and introduced herself gracefully, "Please be seated."
	Rose walked forward and sat down, and Mark also took his seat.
	"Mom, I'll go upstairs to have fun." Doris went upstairs after speaking.
	Mark glanced at Doris, "Is she your daughter?"
	Rose seemed to be only in her early twenties. Did she have a daughter?
	When Mrs. Linder told his grandmother to introduce them to each other, Mrs. Linder didn't say that she had a daughter!
	"Yes." Rose saw the doubt in Mark's eyes, "For some reason, her grandmother didn't know about it, either. It is not her fault, but my problem. I didn't mean to cheat Mr. Mark."
	Mark nodded lightly and accepted her explanation.
	Although today it was the first time for him to see Rose, his gut told him that she was not that kind of woman who was scheming and concealed it deliberately.
	"Miss Linder, I am really sorry to have been to YM Group to look for you and brought much inconvenience to you, but it is a serious matter, and I can't find a proper time to look for you. Therefore, I have no choice but come to look for Mrs. Linder and to see you."
	Since people's eyes didn't cheat, there was not a disgusting feeling in his eyes compared with that of Timothy.
	"Well, Mark has bought a lot of gifts." Mrs. Linder point at the gift packages on the table, "He is so polite."
	"It is what I should do." Mark said politely.
	"Does Mr. Timothy have something urgent to find me?" Rose didn't see him in the blind date, but he came to find her because of something urgent.
	"Miss Linder, we really need your help." After speaking, Mark frowned tightly, and melancholy emerged on his handsome face.
	"But there is nothing to do with me." Rose felt confused.
	"Yesterday my brother Timothy offended you in the party. I beg for your forgiveness as his brother. What he did has irritated Mr. Bright, who attacked our family for you, and the Fan family is going bankrupt. Although Timothy did something wrong, he deserves it. I don't feel pity for him and I won't intercede for him."
	"Our company doesn't belong to my brother only. It has been created and run by my parents, who have passed away, my grandmother, and me, as well as all the staff of the company. Mr. Bright wants to execute our company as a warning to others, which, honestly speaking, is just because he wants to vent his anger for you… In this way, if our company goes bankrupt, there will be many people unemployed. What can they do? They did nothing wrong. Should they bear the consequences caused by Timothy's fault, which they don't deserve?"
	"Miss Linder, I admire the love Mr. Bright shows to you, but I wonder if Miss Linder can persuade Mr. Bright into letting off the innocents. One should answer for what he does himself. No matter how Mr. Bright wants to punish Timothy, it is OK. If he feels it not enough, he can punish me, too."
	In order to keep the ancestors' painstaking efforts, Mark would rather take the responsibility. He was really an indomitable man, who was honest and responsible.
	"Miss Linder, your simple words can let off the Fan family, and save thousands of ordinary people."
	"Mr. Timothy, I am not so great as you say." Rose didn't want to bear the burden.
	"So, Miss Linder means…" Mark thought Rose would not help, "I understand. Now that Miss Linder is not willing to help, I will not force you. But anyway, I will do my best to keep our company. Mrs. Linder, Miss Linder, I am sorry to bother you. Bye-bye."
	"I haven't finished my words. What do you understand?" Rose stopped Mark, who had stood up, "I recognize that what you said is really reasonable. One should answer for what he does himself."
	Light of hope twinkled slightly in Mark's eyes.
	"Rose, I have known his grandmother for decades, and I have witnessed Mark's growing up. I feel sorry that such an accident happened to the Fan family. As grandmother, it is not suitable for me to interfere in Bright's business, but as his wife, you can try to persuade him." Mrs. Linder really wanted to help the Fan family, "Mrs. Fan was so angry that she fainted and was sent to the hospital. She was at such an age and couldn't bear the strike. I hope you can help them."
	"Grandmother, I see." Rose smiled at Mrs. Linder and asked her not to worry. She would handle it well.
	"Thank you, Miss Linder. I will never forget your great kindness. If you have something that needs my help in the future, just tell me, and I will never refuse." Mark stood up and made a bow at Rose to express his gratitude.
Chapter 179 So Eager to See Him
	"Mr. Mark, don't mention it." Rose was afraid she didn't deserve it, "I can try. But Mr. Bright has the final say. Besides, he has never taken back his words. I am not sure whether I can persuade him or not. So, Mr. Mark, don't thank me now. I'm not that reliable."
	Rose joked to make Mark at the ease.
	"I'm sorry to embarrass you, Ms. Rose. But if it is convenient for Mr. Bright, why don't you introduce me to him, so that I can directly speak with Mr. Bright? In this way, it will not affect you and Mr. Bright." Mark felt that he could make an attempt and did not have to embarrass Rose.
	"I'll ask him first to see if it is convenient for him to meet you." Rose could only do her best, "Why don't you go back and wait for my call?"
	"Mark, since Rose said so, you don't have to worry." Jennifer comforted Mark, "Your grandmother is still in hospital. Go see her first."
	Mark was anxious. He was really afraid that with Bright's nature, by the time he was up tomorrow morning, the Fan family had gone bankrupt.
	But he could not force Rose again. He was lucky to get her help.
	"OK. Sorry to have caused you guys so much trouble." Mark nodded and left the Linder family's villa.
	Seeing Mark leave in disappointment, Jennifer was also worried, "Rose, what's going on? How could Bright take aim at the Fan family?"
	Rose took Jennifer's hand and then told her the whole story, "So, Bright did it for me and wanted to teach Timothy a lesson."
	"It seems that Bright is really attached to you." Jennifer let out a sigh, "He did it all for you. If you intercede for the Fan family, will he be angry? Let me be the bad guy."
	"Grandma, Bright is reasonable. As long as I talk to him, he will understand." Rose already knew that Bright was not what he was rumored to be. He was open to reason.
	The reason why others said he was ruthless and heartless was that those people did not understand him, or those who were punished deserved it.
	He would never hurt a person for no reason.
	Jennifer patted Rose's hand, "You're right."
	Then, Rose called Bright, "Did you go back to City J?"
	"No. I still have some things to deal with." Bright replied, fingertips sliding lightly over the touchpad of his laptop, "Do you miss me?"
	What he meant to deal with should be the affairs of the Fan family.
	"Yes, I miss you. I want to see you. Where are you? I'll come to you." Rose thought Bright was too confident. Every time she called him, he would think that she missed him.
	"Mrs. Lee is so frank and honey-mouthed today?" Bright raised his eyebrows in surprise.
	"That's because Mr. Bright sent too many desserts this afternoon." Rose responded humorously.
	Bright burst out in peals of laughter, "So I'll be able to hear Mrs. Lee's sweet words every day?"
	"I'll say if you want to hear it." Rose was thick-skinned to see him.
	"I'm at Asgard Lake Community." Bright told her the address, "I'll have the driver pick you up."
	Wasn't Asgard Lake Community a superior villa in City H? It was in the third ring road, where every piece of land was extremely precious.
	That was his friend's house? After all, with his status, it wasn't surprising that he had friends everywhere.
	"I can drive myself. It will take a long time for the driver to come and pick me up." Rose said.
	"It seems Mrs. Lee is so eager to see me. What do you think I should do to reward you for your enthusiasm when I see you later?" Bright teased, which made Rose shy.
	"We can talk about it when I get there." Rose said calmly.
	"When you get to the gate, someone will be there waiting for you to lead you in." Bright said. After all, it was a superior villa and access to it was very strict.
	"Okay."
	Rose left Doris to Jennifer and drove away from the Linder family's villa in her red Ferrari to Asgard Lake Community.
	She arrived in less than half an hour. When she reached the gate, she saw Bill.
	Bill showed his ID to the security guard before the security guard let Rose in. Then, Bill got in the car and gave Rose directions.
	They drove into villa 68, Asgard Lake Community. The courtyard was paved with gray and blue round bricks, which were as beautiful as flowers.
	After parking the car, Rose followed Bill into the villa. They crossed the hall, stepped into the living room, and then went to the left of the second floor. They pushed open the door to Bright's study.
	Rose went in and looked at the large study. The color of the study was mainly light, which was elegant and warm.
	The bookshelf against a wall was very high, with a lot of books, which dazzled Rose.
	When Bright saw her, he smiled and hooked his finger at her.
	Rose walked over and stood on the side of the desk, her hands lightly propped on the edge of the desk, "Are you still busy?"
	Bright reached out and grabbed her wrist, pulling her down to sit on his lap.
	Rose was caught off guard. Before she could recover from her surprise, he already put his one hand around her soft waist and pressed the back of her head with the other, pulling her closer to him. Then, he kissed her.
	His kiss was aggressive, passionate, and eager. Rose took his hot kiss, following his rhythm.
	Bright was even more dominant and forceful, sucking her lips.
	Rose could not resist his passion. Her body was weak. Her arms hooked around his neck and she leaned on his strong body, letting him do what he wanted.
	Bright let go of her the moment she could not breathe. Rose felt weak all over.
	"Do you think it is appropriate as a reward for your eagerness to see me?" Bright looked down at Rose, who was leaning on his shoulder and gasping.
	"..." Rose felt wronged. When was she eager?
	"You blush ... Are you shy?" Bright saw that she blushed and did not answer.
	"I'm just feeling a little hot ... " Rose did not admit it.
	"Take off your clothes if you feel hot." Bright's hand on her waist slid down.
	Rose held his hand and changed the topic, "You've been working in the study. Have you had dinner yet?"
	"Not yet." Bright had eaten late for lunch. So, he wasn't hungry now.
	"I haven't eaten either. How about I make noodles for you?" Rose's eyes were shining and her lips were swollen and red.
	Bright, however, reached out, pinched her chin with his thumb and index finger, and lifted it. Then, he smiled, "I want to eat you more than noodles...."
Chapter 180 They Also Have a Home in City H
	Bright's voice was slightly husky and alluring….
	Rose felt that the voice was so charming that she blushed.
	"I'm hungry." Rose pouted her lips and looked at him with an innocent and pitiful gaze.
	Bright was not afraid of anything but Mrs. Lee's coquetry and innocence.
	She was pure and had beautiful features, which was like a painting. When she was innocent, she would be a soft and lovely white rabbit, which made people unable to refuse her.
	Bright could only compromise, "Okay. Let's eat the noodles first."
	Rose smiled brightly, "Then I'll make noodles and bring it up for you when it's ready."
	"Do you know where the kitchen is?" Bright rubbed her pretty nose with his fingers.
	Rose shook her head, indicating that she had no idea.
	"Let me show you." Bright could also have a break.
	They got up. Bright took Rose's hand subconsciously. The way they got along with each other was as natural as a couple, as if they had practiced it thousands of times.
	Bright took her in one hand, and with the other hand in his pants pocket. He led her downstairs to the kitchen.
	The kitchen was big and had everything people might need.
	This villa was much better than the Linder family's villa. It was worthy of being the most expensive villa in City H.
	"Do you like it?" Bright was still attentive enough to catch the hint of surprise in her eyes.
	"..." Rose thought even if she liked it, it was his friend's place.
	"If you don't like it, we'll move to another place." Bright said casually.
	This was a mansion that ordinary people couldn't afford in their lives.
	But Bright, who had a high social status, did not care at all. So, having a rich husband was so cool.
	"If you like it, we'll stay here." Bright wrapped his arms around her waist from behind her.
	"This is your friend's house, right? It's not a good idea for us to stay here, is it?" Rose pulled his hand down.
	"My friend's house?" Bright frowned and nudged his fingertips on her forehead, "We should have our own home when we go back to City H. This is the place I picked out for two weeks and bought. In the future, we can live in our own home when we go back to City H. We don't have to stay at the Linder family's villa."
	"You bought this villa?" Rose was surprised that he would buy a house in City H and it was such an expensive villa, "I have promised you to go to City J. We will seldom stay in City H. So, there is no need for you to buy a house."
	"You've married me. I can't let you suffer wrong. Giving you a home is the most basic responsibility of me, your husband." Bright stroked her long black hair, "Don't hate to part with my money. I can earn it in a minute. But I only have one wife. So, I'll need to pamper you."
	Rose took the initiative to lean into his arms, wrapping her hands around his waist, "Thank you."
	"Don't mention it, Mrs. Lee. If you really want to thank me, I don't mind you thanking me in another way." Bright laughed mischievously.
	Rose looked up at his handsome face in his arms, "That's a deal. Bright, you just stay here and wait for a moment."
	She gave a sly smile, like a cute little fox.
	Then, she let go of him, took her apron, and then took a pot to boil water.
	She opened the fridge, which was also full. It really made her feel like she was at home.
	Rose took two eggs and fried them. Then, she washed and chopped the shallots. In the meantime, Bright tried to help, but she refused.
	She boiled the water before putting the noodles into the water, and then continued to prepare the scallions, minced garlic, sesame....
	"Do you like peppery food?" she asked him as she was about to put in the chili powder.
	"I'd like to eat anything you make."
	Rose, however, teased him, "In case what I put is poison, you will eat it too?"
	"If it's poison, I choose to die with you." Even if he would die, he had to take her to die with him, so that he wouldn't be lonely, "But I know you won't do it."
	"You seem to know me well. Haven't you heard of a saying that women are the most heartless?" Rose poured the boiling oil into the bowl of spices, which made a sound and the smell of the spices floated.
	"There is also a saying that ruthlessness is the mark of a truly great man. Just join the club!"
	Rose put the vegetables in the pot to cook them and then put them in a clean bowl.
	After the noodles were cooked, she picked them up and put them in the seasoning bowl. Then, she put fried eggs and vegetables on the noodles.
	The noodles smelled good and looked good.
	Rose took the noodles to the side bar and then went to get the chopsticks.
	Bright fetched two goblets and a bottle of wine.
	They sat face to face in high chairs. Bright poured the red wine into the glasses. The dark red liquid was gorgeous under the light.
	"Thank you, Mrs. Lee, for cooking the noodles for me." Bright lifted his goblet to toast.
	Rose also lifted her goblet and gently clinked it with his, "Thank you, Mr. Bright, for letting us have a home in City H."
	They lifted the glasses to their lips and drank the wine….
	"Dig in." Rose took her chopsticks and picked up the noodles.
	Bright also began to eat. Neither of them said anything during the meal. But they would glance at each other from time to time, which could satisfy them.
	After the meal, Rose pulled a piece of tissue and gave it to Bright, "Was it delicious?"
	"Yes." Bright took another sip of red wine and looked elegant and pleased.
	"Then I have paid for what you did for me." Rose crossed her hands and placed them on the table.
	Bright raised his eyebrows, asking her to give him an explanation.
	"You have eaten the egg, which means that you have eaten a chicken." Rose said seriously.
	Bright kept smiling, not expecting that Rose was so clever and naughty.
	Under the warm and soft light, Bright looked so gentle now.
	Rose also felt that Bright was really handsome. He had a distinctly outlined face, which was a masterpiece of God. As long as she glanced at his deep eyes, she would be attracted.
	"Mr. Bright, can I discuss one thing with you?" Rose rested her chin in her hands.
	"You're not going to plead for the Fan family, are you?" Bright knew what she was thinking and said directly.
	"How do you know?" Rose thought that she hadn't revealed any information at all.
	"Someone from the Fan family had been to the Linder family's villa. Then, you came to me." There was nothing he didn't know, "Do you really want me to let Timothy off?"
	"I'm not trying to ask you let Timothy off. I just think that it has nothing to do with others. He must bear the consequences of his own acts. Why don't we just teach him a lesson?" Rose spoke carefully, afraid that any inappropriate sentence would hurt their feelings, "Other people are innocent, right?"
Chapter 181 I'd Like to Be Your Real Wife
	Bright looked at her dark eyes and lightly raised his eyebrows. No one could tell from his face what he was thinking.
	"So, Mrs. Lee is blaming me for making the innocent suffer?" his gentle eyes gradually became cold.
	Sure enough, he misunderstood her. Why did she do such a hard but thankless job? What exactly was wrong with her?
	What Bright had done was to protect her. Someone like Timothy deserved to have nothing. But Rose didn't want to hurt the innocent.
	Her conscience wouldn't allow her to run away.
	"You know that's not what I think." Rose felt distressed when she saw that he was angry.
	Bright stood up from his chair and turned to walk out of the kitchen.
	Bright only wore a white shirt and black trousers, which set his slender and upright figure off to advantage.
	Rose frowned and hastened to follow him, "I really didn't mean that."
	She explained behind him, hoping that he would not misunderstand her.
	But Bright didn't turn around and just left.
	Rose looked at his back and thought of that she had not cleaned the kitchen.
	She cleaned up the dishes, then washed some fruits and cut them into slices and put them into a bowl. There were apples, bananas, pitaya, kiwi berry.... There was a wide variety of fruits.
	Sitting in the soft sofa in the living room, Bright put one hand on the armrest of the sofa and crossed his long legs. He was as elegant as a young master.
	Rose walked over. He was cold, not looking at her. He just closed his eyes, as if he was very tired.
	"Are you really angry?" Rose teased in a soft tone.
	She put the fruit in her hand on the tea table and stared at his handsome face.
	After a long wait, Bright spoke, "What's your relationship with Mark? As soon as he asked for your help, you came to me to intercede for him."
	"I have nothing to do with him." Rose looked confused.
	Bright just put on a faint smile and didn't answer.
	"We've only heard of each other before. But today is the first time we met." Rose forked a piece of apple with a small fork and lifted it to Bright's lips. But he turned away and did not eat it.
	Rose met with a refusal. She had no choice but to eat it herself and explained, "Mrs. Fan and Grandma have been good friends for more than ten years. Mark is Mrs. Fan's favorite grandson. Timothy got the Fan family into trouble. Mrs. Fan was so angry that she was hospitalized. So, Mark came to see Grandma and me to ask for help. If it wasn't for the decades of friendship between Mrs. Fan and Grandma, I would not have meddled."
	Rose mentioned Jennifer, hoping that Bright would be merciful for Jennifer's sake.
	Bright supported his head and rubbed his forehead with his fingers, still ignoring her.
	"What I said is true." Rose was particularly serious and was afraid that he did not believe her, "Since you married me, you are a generation younger than Grandma. So, it is normal for Mrs. Fan to ask Mark to come to Grandma."
	"You don't realize how powerful you are! Everyone is afraid of you and respects you. It's hard for them to see you. So, Grandma gave me the task and let me plead for the Fan family except for Timothy."
	"Mrs. Fan and Mark, Timothy and his parents, they belong to different worlds."
	Rose said a lot. Bright listened for a while, got up from the sofa and turned to go upstairs.
	Rose had to follow him into the bedroom. After entering the bathroom, Bright suddenly stopped and Rose hit his hard back.
	Bright reach out to unbutton his shirt, "I'm going to take a shower. Mrs. Lee, do you want to stay here and watch or take a shower with me?"
	"I ... I'll wait for you outside." Rose blushed in embarrassment and turned to leave.
	Bright, however, grabbed her wrist and pulled her, pressing her against the cold tiles with his long arms.
	"Mrs. Lee, now that you're here, you cannot leave." Bright became serious and attractive.
	Rose stiffened. Now, she was more nervous than she was when she faced her entrance exams.
	She didn't know what to say and was afraid that nothing would be appropriate.
	She swallowed hard, thinking hard about what to say that would not make him angrier.
	Bright had reached out to open the control valve of the shower. Cold water suddenly poured overhead and onto Rose's burning face.
	But most of the water fell on Bright's back. His white shirt instantly soaked and it clung to his strong body, outlining the muscularity of his chest.
	Water dripped from his wet hair. He looked so sexy at the moment, making Rose's heart thump.
	Rose was sure that she was attracted by him, "Bright...."
	"Get out." His eyes became darker, as if they were drowning everything.
	Rose could see the desire in his eyes. Bright gritted his teeth and restrained himself. Then, he turned his back to her and let the warming water pour over him.
	"I..." Rose took the initiative to hold him from behind him, accompanying him to drench, "I ... I would like to be your real wife."
	At this moment, Rose did not care if she was too impulsive and lost her mind. Because she really wanted to be his real wife now.
	Bright slightly trembled because of her words, "Mrs. Lee, are you trying to use honey-trap?"
	"Of course not." Rose spoke up, firmly and loudly, "I am serious."
	Rose let go of him and came to him. Her eyes were so bright and filled with unprecedented firmness and courage.
	She put her hands on his shoulders, stood on tiptoe, and kissed his thin lips.
	Her initiative defeated his persistence and ignited his desire.
	His lips were hot. He kissed her lips gently and rudely.
	Then, Bright put his arm around Rose's soft waist and took her out of the bathroom towards the large bed in the room, while taking off their clothes.
	White shirt, black suit pants, pink bra, white skirt, sheer stockings ... They were all taken off....
	The bedroom was quiet. The soft lighting helped to create the ambiguous atmosphere, which made them excited.
	Rose was active and Bright was enthusiastic. They had sexual intercourse, both longing for each other to fill their lonely bodies and souls with love and warmth.
Chapter 182 I Only Do Bad Things to You
	Rose deeply felt how strong Bright was.
	She also remembered her first night with Bright was in the Four Seasons Hotel. She had intended to have sex with Bright to save Sky.
	That time, she drugged Bright to sleep with him. Bright, who was controlled by the drug, tormented her. But she also got great pleasure and satisfaction.
	This time, she took the initiative to tease him. Bright was sober, but was no better than when he was drugged. Rose was so tired that she collapsed on the bed. She felt sore even when she moved her finger.
	Bright also did not expect that although it was not Rose's first night, she was still so shy and made him crazy and excited.
	He didn't know why he didn't mind at all that Rose wasn't a virgin and even willingly sank for her.
	He felt that he was a little familiar with her, as if it was not the first time they had sex. But at this time, he could not think too much.
	Afterwards, it was Bright who carried her to the shower, and then they lay on the bed.
	Bright took her in his arms and kissed her on the forehead, "Sleep if you're tired."
	"I don't want to sleep yet." Rose buried her head in his neck.
	She was tired, but her mind was clear. She was even a little excited.
	"You are so energetic. Why don't we do it again?" Bright suggested.
	Rose, however, shrank back, "Mr. Bright, please let me go."
	Bright grabbed her shoulder with his big palms and lowered his head. But when he got close, he just kissed her on the eyes and backed away.
	Rose also saw the deep smile in his eyes.
	"You just did it on purpose! Bad guy!" Rose felt she was teased by him and reached out to thump his solid chest with her fists.
	Bright held her more tightly, "It's natural for Mr. Bright to be a bad guy to Mrs. Lee. I will only do bad things to you forever."
	There was a saying that the happiest thing in this world was that there was someone who only did something to you forever.
	It meant that this man loved you very much and was not interested in other women.
	"Besides, I've been lonely for so long. It's time for me to be warm after meeting you."
	Although Bright was popular with women, he kept his integrity and never dallied with women with his inherent advantages.
	So, when Rose took the initiative, she was making herself suffering. He had not released his desire over the years and had more strength to sleep with her.
	Although she knew that Mr. Bright had a glib tongue, and she should not believe in men's sweet words, Rose was still moved by his words.
	Even if she had been betrayed and hurt by Sky, she was still willing to trust Bright and live with him in life.
	"You will feel warm all the time from now on." Rose was not shy anymore.
	Bright smiled in pleasure, "So, my happiness will be related to Mrs. Lee. Let's get along well in the future."
	"Sure." Rose also wrapped her arms around his lean waist.
	Rose found a comfortable position in his arms and closed her eyes lightly. She smelled the fresh smell of sea salt and the masculine aura, which also seemed to make her sleep more at ease.
	Seeing her eyes closed, Bright turned off the lamp and hugged Rose tightly to sleep.
	In the morning, birds sang outside the window. The sun blazed down from the sky.
	When Rose woke up, there was no one beside her. But there was still Bright's scent, reminding her that what happened last night was not a dream.
	She lay on the pillow Bright used last night and sniffed with affection.
	After Rose got up and washed up, she found that the clothes she wore yesterday had disappeared. She was embarrassed.
	At that moment, Bright came back from his morning exercise. He pushed the door in and saw that Rose was in trouble, "Your clothes have been sent to the laundry. There are clothes in the checkroom."
	Rose went to the wide checkroom. There were men's clothes on the left and women's clothes on the right in the checkroom. There were all kinds of clothes, which were available all year round, even hats and shoes.
	Rose walked over and reached out to touch the rows of clothes. These clothes were all new luxury brands without cutting off the labels. Their price was also amazing.
	"You have bought so many. Are they the right size?" Rose turned to look at him, "Mr. Bright, even if you are not short of money, you should not waste it like this. Why don't you use the money to do charity and get a good reputation?"
	"Spending it on my wife is not a waste. Besides, only when women can spend it, men can earn it." Bright picked one out from a row of clothes and handed it to her, "HY Group and I have spent much money on charity every year. When the people of the country are in disaster or the children in remote mountainous areas need, we will donate money... So far, HY Group has built more than a hundred elementary schools for children in mountainous areas and this year it may reach 200."
	Rose took the clothes Bright picked, knowing that this man in front of her was kind and merciful.
	The world's view of him was superficial.
	Rose went to change clothes. Bright's sweat had almost evaporated. So, he went to take a shower.
	Rose was an office lady and usually wore a suit or a shirt and an overskirt to work.
	What Bright picked for her was an orange suit with a light gray round neck knitted sweater, which looked warm, bright, and dignified. The earrings with five small pearls were elegant and unique, showing the temperament.
	Besides, Rose was a born beauty with red lips and bright eyes. She was firm and confident with powerful aura. She was a beauty in the workplace, and would amaze others at a glance.
	Bright also had to admit that he showed great discernment in his choice of wife. Rose was the right woman for him.
	"Beautiful." Bright rarely praised a woman. But this was his wife, who he should praise, "Is it the right size?"
	"Yes." They were all Rose's size, "How did you know my size?"
	"I measured it by my hands." Bright splayed his fingers and showed Rose.
	Rose glared at him, "Behave yourself."
	"If people all behave themselves, man would have been extinct." Bright walked to the left and started picking out the clothes he was going to wear today.
	Most of his clothes were black. He also had many white shirts and some shirts in other colors.
	He was still wearing a white shirt and black suit today. Although the clothes were simply black and white, when he wore them, he still amazed others. As long as he was here, no one could take their eyes off him and would be captured by his aura.
	He was also the most handsome man she had ever seen wearing a white shirt and suit pants.
	Bright naturally took off his white bathrobe and changed into a shirt and suit pants.
	His muscular body had no cellulite. He had an eight-pack stomach, which was so awesome that it attracted people.
	"Come here."
Chapter 183 Agree to Give up Timothy to Save the Company
	Even though Rose was calm, when she saw Bright's figure, which was comparable to that of a male model, and thought of that they had slept last night, she could not help but blush.
	Bright called her. But she did not respond. Then, he called her again before she came back to her senses.
	She walked to him, "What's wrong?"
	"Mrs. Lee, your husband is here and you are still distracted? Am I so unattractive? Or did I not satisfy you?" Bright reached out his long arms and trapped Rose between the closet and him, "What do you think I should do to punish you for your inattentiveness?"
	Rose became nervous. She tried to remain calm and keep her smile, "I'll button it for you."
	She put on a sweet smile and stroked the buttons on his white shirt with her fingertips, "carefully" pleasing him.
	"Why do you always wear white shirts and black suits? Have you never thought of trying other colors?" Rose buttoned his shirt while changing the subject.
	"Personal taste." Bright thought that black and white were classic colors, which were versatile with any color. He didn't need to think too much and could save time.
	It would take him more time when he had to match other colors with ties and shoes.
	Besides, he thought that he looked handsome and steady when he wore like this.
	Rose buttoned it for him, "What about the tie?"
	"Black." Bright still chose black and seemed to be fond of this color.
	Bright opened the drawer where he put the tie. Rose looked at the ties inside and picked a black tie with silver diagonal stripes instead of a plain black one.
	"There are stripes. Mr. Bright, you won't mind, will you?" Rose unrolled the tie.
	"It's my honor to be personally served by Mrs. Lee." Bright shook his head.
	He felt extremely happy when there was someone who took care of him personally.
	Bright was so tall that Rose had to stand on her tiptoes to wrap the tie around his neck. She pulled up the collar of the white shirt, placed the tie in place, and then tied it for him expertly and smoothed it.
	"You are an expert." Bright looked at the tie, "It seems that you have practiced many times."
	"I have done it for my father before." Rose knew that what Bright meant. He wanted to know who she had tied ties for.
	Rose picked up the suit jacket again and put it on him. Now, Bright was handsome.
	"Let's go." They went downstairs.
	The breakfast was ready. After breakfast, Bright went out with Rose.
	"Are you going back to City J?" Rose asked. Otherwise, why did he dress so formally?
	If he was leaving City H, would there be a favorable turn for the Fan family?
	But Rose could only keep that in her mind and did not dare to ask him.
	"Grandma has asked you to speak up for them. If I don't agree, I'm embarrassing grandma." Bright reached out and rubbed her nose, "I know what you have in mind."
	Rose interlocked her fingertips and pursed her lips with a smile.
	"Come on. I'll take you to work first." Bright walked to the car, with his arm round her shoulder.
	"I'll drive to work myself." It was a small thing she could manage on her own.
	The driver already opened the car door and was waiting.
	Bright took her by the arm and asked her to get in, "No need. I will have Bill drive your car to your company."
	After they sat down, the driver started the car.
	Bright held Rose's hand and didn't let go of it all the way.
	Not wanting to be noticed, Rose asked Bright to park on the side of the road and then drove her own car to the underground parking lot.
	Bright said coldly to the driver, "Go to the Fan Group."
	When they arrived at the Fan Group, Bright walked in front. Bill and the others followed behind him. They had a high profile and looked solemn.
	Where he went, everyone gave way and did not dare to offend him.
	"Mr. Bright wants to see Mark, your president." Bill went forward to talk to the receptionist.
	The girl immediately called the president's office. Soon, Mark came to meet Bright personally.
	Mark was surprised and delighted to see Bright come here in person. He tried to remain calm, "Mr. Bright, good morning."
	"Let's stop the polite greetings and go upstairs and talk." Bright said.
	Mark made a gesture of invitation and took the exclusive elevator of the president with Bright.
	"Let's go to the meeting room." After getting out of the elevator, Bright's destination was clear.
	The Fan Group had held an emergency board meeting today. Mark was meeting with the directors just now.
	When Bright entered the meeting room, the atmosphere became intenser. All the nervous and anxious directors stood up, "Mr. Bright."
	Bright motioned for them to sit down. Then, he also sat down and Bill stood behind him upright.
	"I'll be brief." Bright gestured to Bill behind him.
	Bill stepped forward. As Bright's spokesman, he said, "As long as Mr. Timothy, the Vice President of the Fan Group, and his parents leave the Fan Group, never participate in any management of the Fan Group, and do not hold any positions, and the Fan Group is taken over by Mr. Mark, then the Fan Group's crisis will be lifted."
	This was Bright's condition. As long as the three members of Timothy's family paid the price, the Fan Group could be saved.
	In fact, this condition was not harsh. The Fan Group and the directors' interests were not damaged.
	Anyone who had a clear head would choose to give up Timothy to save the company.
	Mark also thought that Bright was lenient and Timothy deserved it.
	He should take the lead in putting forward the proposal. Just as Mark was going to speak, the door of the meeting room was pushed open and Mrs. Fan was helped in.
	Mark hastened to step forward to help her, "Grandma, why are you here? Why don't you stay in the hospital? You…."
	"I'm fine and won't die yet." Mrs. Fan stood in front of the conference table with a serious look, "Now, we all can see the Fan Group's crisis. We should also understand who can lead the Fan Group to the right path. I propose to remove Timothy from his post as Vice President and his parents from the board of directors and ask them to withdraw from the board. I also propose that Mark becomes the president. Let's vote on it."
	As an important shareholder of the Fan Group, and Timothy was her own grandson, Mrs. Fan was the best person to make a proposal.
	So, the board voted by a show of hands and a unanimous vote was taken.
	This was expected by Bright and he was very satisfied.
	When Bright saw the result, he got up from the chair and lightly buttoned his suit with one hand, "Mrs. Fan, then I will take my leave."
	"Mr. Bright, I'll see you off." Mrs. Fan insisted on seeing him off.
	Bright couldn't refuse and respected the old woman.
	Mark helped Mrs. Fan and took the elevator down with Bright.
	"Mr. Bright, thank you." Mrs. Fan said.
	Bright put on a faint smile, "What do you mean, Mrs. Fan? I don't understand."
Chapter 184 He Is a Bit Unhappy
	Bright dealt with the Fan family just because Timothy bullied Rose. If not, he would not pay any attention to Timothy.
	"Timothy is my youngest grandson. His father is my youngest son. He and his parents are dregs in the Fan family and the Fan Group. But he holds enormous power within the Fan Group and suppresses Mark. In fact, because of the hard work of my dead husband and my dead eldest son and daughter-in-law, the Fan Group has achieved its present scale and achievements."
	Mrs. Fan was sad while speaking, "the Fan Group should be inherited by Mark. But my youngest son has no conscience. In order to seize power for himself and his son, he makes Mark a mere figurehead. Now, I am still alive. If I die, I do not know what they will do to Mark."
	"They can't hold on the Fan Group for a few years. Now that you have made the Fan Group in danger, I can take the opportunity to force the directors to agree to fire Timothy and his parents. Then, the Fan Group can finally be tranquil."
	"Mr. Bright, you give us a way out. So, I really want to thank you for helping me get Mark this position. We'll take your kindness to heart. If there's anything we can help in the future, just tell us and we'll do our best."
	"Mrs. Fan, don't mention it. You should know that I am only doing this for my wife to get justice." Bright had not intended to help them. But it was more appropriate for him to let Mark get the position.
	And Mark was a man of excellent character. Bright believed that he would not misjudge Mark. If Mike was in charge of the Fan Group, then the Fan Group would not cause him any more trouble.
	Although Bright was not afraid of making enemies in business, one more friend was better than one more enemy.
	"Although you get unintentional positive outcomes, you are still my and Mike's benefactor." Mrs. Fan was grateful.
	"Now, it seems to be the best ending." Bright said.
	Mrs. Fan looked at Mark, her grandson. Her eyes were filled with love and expectation, "I feel relieved since Mike is in charge of the Fan Group. When I die, I can see my husband and my eldest son. Mark, remember this kindness and lead the Fan Group well."
	"Grandma ... I'm not afraid whatever they will do to me. You will live a long life. It is enough for me to have you by my side." Mark had ambition. But compared to ambition, he loved his grandmother and the Fan family more. He did not want to put Mrs. Fan in an awkward situation, "It will be okay even if I really leave the Fan Group and become a normal office worker. Maybe then we will be happier."
	"Silly boy. This is a company your Grandpa and your dead parents have worked hard to start. If you really let your useless second uncle and Timothy take over it, the Fan Group will be destroyed one day. How can you face your grandfather and your parents?" Mrs. Fan reached out and patted him on the shoulder, "From now on, you will be responsible for the family and the Fan Group. Do you feel the pressure?"
	"Yeah." Mark nodded, "No motivation without pressure. I will do my best."
	"Good." Mrs. Fan was relieved and smiled, "Mark, if you have anything you don't understand in the future, ask Mr. Bright for advice. Although Mr. Bright is younger than you, he is more experienced and capable than you."
	"Please favor me with your instructions, Mr. Bright." Mark was modest.
	"Don't mention it, Mr. Mark. I believe that you just have been suppressed by all sides for so many years in the Fan Group and have not been able to give full play to your strengths. When you take office, you will definitely be able to make a big splash and get what you want." Bright's words were also euphemistic refusals, "Besides, there is still Mrs. Fan who gives Mr. Mark advice. It will not be my turn to give you advice."
	Bright was not unwilling to give advice. But Mark was not Timothy, a loser. Mark was capable enough. All he lacked was a chance.
	Now that he got the chance, Mark, who has been holding back for decades, could certainly have many means.
	"Thanks to Mr. Bright anyway." Mrs. Fan didn't force him.
	"Mrs. Fan, Mr. Mark, then I'll take my leave now." Bright turned to leave.
	Bill followed behind him and was always his capable assistant.
	Seeing Bright get into the car, Mrs. Fan said to Mark, "Fortunately, your blind date with Rose was destroyed. Otherwise, I am afraid that we cannot keep the Fan Group today."
	"Grandma, Rose deserves to be so loved by Mr. Bright. Let's not mention what happened between Rose and me anymore." Mark thought it was best for them to forget about it.
	"Yes." Mrs. Fan was relieved, "Mark, these years, because of the company's business, you haven't married in your thirties. Now that you take over the Fan Group, you can be at ease in the future."
	"Grandma, the overall situation is uncertain. I cannot be immersed in love." Mark pacified Mrs. Fan, "We'll talk about it later when we have the chance."
	...
	Bright left the Fan Group and had the driver drive to the airport.
	He shouldn't have come to City H, but he did for Rose. It was time for him to go back.
	It was tiring to travel between the two places. But he was happy.
	Bright sat in the VIP lounge and was about to call Rose when Rose called him first.
	"Mark told me about the Fan Group. Thank you, honey." Rose was grateful, "He said he would invite you to dinner next time if there was a chance."
	"No need." Bright refused directly.
	"Then I'll cook for you tonight. What would you like to eat? I'll buy it from work." Rose thought she could cook it herself.
	"I was going to tell you that I'm at the airport. I have to go back to City J." Bright had intended to meet her before he left. But when he thought of that she was busy with work, he didn't want to bother her.
	"You're going back?" Rose was surprised and then felt disappointed.
	"Are you loath to part with me?" Bright heard the hint of disappointment in her tone.
	"You just work in peace." Rose made her tone brighter, "I will also work well. Don't worry about me."
	Bright smiled lightly, "Mrs. Lee is really considerate. But do you know what you did wrong?"
	Rose didn't know what she had done or said wrong, "I don't understand."
	"Do you really have nothing to do with Mark?" Bright mentioned it again.
	"Yes." Rose was sure.
	"Grandma had gotten you two together." Bright knew about it. He just didn't expose it last time.
	Rose bit her lip lightly, "But we didn't meet."
	"Yes. He should be glad that Timothy took that opportunity away from him. Otherwise…" Bright did not finish what he said. But what he meant was obvious.
	"It has been a long time. Mr. Bright, don't be so mean." Rose pouted.
	"I wouldn't have gone to the Fan Group today if I were mean." Bright felt that he was very generous to help his "rival" take over the power, "But when I think of that you almost went on a blind date with him, I am still a bit unhappy."
Chapter 185 What Happened Five Years Ago
	Rose felt that Bright was too childish while talking about this.
	"Mr. Bright, I am already yours. Why are you unhappy?" Rose tried not to be too shy and said.
	"Mrs. Lee is honey-mouthed." Bright was very satisfied with her words and did not embarrass her anymore, "I am going to board the plane."
	"OK. I'll cook for you next time you come back." Rose also felt relieved now.
	If they continued the topic of her blind date with Mark, she would be overwhelmed.
	"Next time I come back, I want to eat you first, then dinner." Bright smiled mischievously and what he said made Rose shy.
	"Call me when you arrive at City J. Bye." Rose hung up in a hurry.
	She pressed her chest and felt her heart thumping violently.
	Bright was so busy with work. He had been delayed at City H. When would he come next?
	Besides, if he kept leaving the company to come to City H, would she be regarded as a disaster by people in HY Group?
	God! She'd better finish her work here as soon as possible and take Doris to City J. Then, not only could she take care of him, but it could also let him work at ease.
	Rose made her decision once again.
	The kindergarten closed an hour earlier this afternoon. Rose asked Nora to pick up Doris and then they would have dinner together.
	Rose went to Noraby Restaurant after work according to the address Nora sent. This restaurant belonged to Nora.
	The restaurant was in an elegant style, with a unique decor and retro tones. It paid great attention to the layout of the space. So, it looked bright and could made people relaxed.
	Rose arrived there and said she was Nora's friend. Then, the waiter took her to find them.
	Nora had already ordered a mashed potato for Doris.
	"Mommy." Doris asked when she saw Rose sitting down, "Where's Daddy?"
	"He's back to City J for work." Rose reached out and caressed her daughter's head, "Daddy's very, very busy with work. So, let's try not to interrupt him at work, okay?"
	"I have thought Daddy could stay with me all the time once you and Daddy got married ..." Doris was disappointed. She had only been happy for two days!
	"After Mommy finishes work, we can move to City J to be with Daddy. Then, Daddy can come home to be with you as soon as he gets off work, okay?" Rose told Doris about her decision, hoping Doris could become happy.
	"Then we will never be separated again, right?" Doris' eyes shone brightly.
	"Yes." Rose smiled lightly.
	"Great." Doris clapped her little hand happily.
	Looking at her happy and excited daughter, Rose felt that this was a good life.
	What Nora ordered before were served. Doris ate some more vegetables and meatballs before going to play in the children's playground in the restaurant, where there was someone to look after the children.
	"You really want to go to City J with Doris?" after Doris left, Nora confirmed again.
	"Yeah." Rose took a sip of her lemonade, "Since we've decided to take our marriage seriously, it's not a good idea for us to live apart. It is also not good for Doris."
	"A good marriage is one that two people are tolerant and considerate of each other. One of us has to make concessions. He has already paid a lot for me. So, it's my turn to give this time." Rose was ready and determined.
	"You two ... " Nora put her two index fingers together and smiled ambiguously.
	"Let's eat." Rose blushed and avoided the topic, serving Nora a piece of garlic ribs.
	"Looks like Mr. Bright has gotten what he wants." Nora could tell from Rose's expression that the two had slept with each other, "Congratulations."
	"Alright." Rose lightly glared at her, "You talk too much."
	"I'm just happy for you." Nora's cell phone rang, "I have to take a call."
	Nora elegantly got up. Rose looked at her. Nora wore a ruffled wrap-around skirt. Her long legs were white and charming. She had a fabulous figure and was really sexy. She was as beautiful as a red rose in full bloom.
	At this time, a woman approached and stared at Rose for a while before saying, "Rose?"
	Rose looked away and turned to look at the visitor. It was Sky's mother, May.
	Rose really didn't expect to meet May here. She seldom ate out. What a coincidence!
	Rose froze for just a second before she put on a perfect smile, "Mrs. Tanner, how are you?"
	May couldn't help but be astonished after hearing Rose's detached address. Rose used to call her May affectionately.
	"Can I have a talk to you?" May's tone was as gentle as ever.
	"Sit down if you don't mind." Rose couldn't refuse.
	"Alright." May sat down and stared at Rose's face carefully for a while, "Are you having dinner with your friends?"
	"Yes." Rose nodded, "She is answering the phone."
	"I see." May pursed her lips and looked embarrassed, "Who are your friends with? Is it a man or a woman? I am just curious. You can refuse to answer."
	"Nora Cooper," Rose was frank, "the young lady of the Cooper family. Mrs. Tanner should know."
	"So it's Miss Cooper. I know she's your best friend." May clenched her fists and was a little nervous. There was a hint of loss in her eyes. Why would she be lost?
	"Mrs. Tanner, are you okay?" Rose asked.
	"I'm fine." May took a deep breath, "Rose, if you don't mind, you can still call me May like before. When you call me Mrs. Tanner ... it seems that we are particularly strange."
	"But I think it's more appropriate for me to call you Mrs. Tanner now. After all, Sophie is your daughter-in-law now. And your son ... They will not want to hear me call you May," Rose said, thinking it would be best for them to keep distance when they met again after five years.
	"Rose, I'm sorry." May felt distressed when she looked at the naive girl who had become mature and steady after having a hard time, "Back then, it was me who begged you to save Sky. You must have been finding a way. How was it possible that you had an affair with other men?"
	"So, I do not believe that you would betray Sky. I just don't understand why you gave birth to a child in the hospital. Can you tell me what happened back then?"
Chapter 186 The Person You Have to Thank Is Her
	Rose was surprised and calm once she heard May take the initiative to mention what happened five years ago.
	May said that she believed her. Rose knew that May was sincere. She could see guilt and shame in May's eyes.
	"You don't have to apologize. Everything had gone and I'm fine now." Rose didn't want to mention the past, "And I'm grateful you believed in me."
	It was a scar. Every time she mentioned it, it was as if she was tearing her scabbed wounds apart again.
	And even if she said, did it matter? Without evidence, who would believe her?
	Now that May was Sophie's mother-in-law, if she really said it, it would seem that she was alienating May from Sophie.
	"I am glad to hear that you are fine." Noticing that Rose did not want to talk about the past, May changed the subject and talked about something else, "Are you married now?"
	May went to the VIP lounge the day of the reception because she was dizzy. So, she didn't know what happened outside.
	"Yes." Rose said frankly.
	"What kind of a man is he? He must love you very much, right?" May's face was concerned, as if Rose was her own daughter.
	May used to treat Rose as her daughter. However, she didn't expect something like what happened five years ago to ruin their relationship.
	"He doesn't mind my past and that I have a daughter. He also treats my daughter as if she were his own child. He gives more when we're together. But he never complains." Rose spoke of Bright, her face alight with happiness.
	Hearing this, May felt happy for her, "That is indeed a good man."
	"So, I just want to hold on to the happiness I have now. Nothing else matters to me." Rose felt that all the pain she had suffered before had been gently soothed by Bright.
	"Rose, I'm relieved to see you happy. It's Sky who doesn't deserve you. It's the Tanner family who is sorry for you." May felt guilty, "I just hope you don't hate us."
	"Mrs. Tanner, isn't it good that Sky is with Sophie now? Sophie got pregnant with Sky's baby. They're happy too." Rose kept her smile as if she was sincerely wishing for it.
	May didn't answer and just nodded gently.
	"Where is your husband? Didn't he accompany you today?" May mentioned Rose's husband again.
	"He went back to City J this afternoon for work." Rose was parched and took a few sips of lemonade to moisten her dry throat, "He's from City J."
	"City J?" May frowned when she heard City J, "He is from City J. Then, he must know Mr. Bright. I heard that you and Mr. Bright are familiar with each other because of your work."
	"My husband is none other than Bright." Rose did not hide anything.
	May, however, turned pale and knocked over the glass of lemonade in front of Nora. The water trickled down the table and dripped on her skirt. But she seemed not to notice it and remained motionless.
	"Mrs. Tanner." Seeing this, Rose called out to her twice and took a napkin to wipe the water.
	May came back to her senses. But her face was still pale and even her breathing was heavier a bit.
	"Are you okay?" In Rose's memory, May was always elegant and calm. She had never lost her composure like she just did.
	"I'm sorry. I am feeling a bit ill." May felt that the corners of her forehead ached dully again.
	Rose looked at May, remembered that at the reception that day, May was dizzy and felt ill when she heard Bright's name. She even stumbled and almost fell.
	Why did May react so violently when she heard Bright's name? Was there any relationship or problem between her and Bright?
	There should be no possibilities. The Tanner family had never interacted with the Lee family of City J for so many years.
	"You know Bright?" Rose asked May.
	"The Lee family of City J is so famous. I just heard of him... but don't know him." May reached out to rub the corners of her forehead to ease the pain while taking deep breaths to calm herself down, "Maybe I'll ask you to be an introducer later, Rose."
	The more she said, the more she gasped. Her lips were pale.
	"You're not looking too well. I'd better take you to the hospital." Rose got up and held May for fear of an accident.
	"No ... no need ..." May just said and fainted, leaning in Rose's arms.
	Rose was anxious when Nora finally came back. Nora was shocked to see May, "Why is she here? What's going on?"
	"She passed out." Rose frowned, "Nora, you go and drive. Let's take her to the hospital."
	"Rose, she's Sky's mother. What did Sky and Sophie do to you? She is also from the Tanner family ... Don't be soft hearted and a busybody. Others may think that you have evil intentions." Nora disliked all the members of the Tanner family and was also angry that Rose was so soft hearted.
	"May has always been in poor health. A human life is of greater value than everything. Go quickly, OK?" Rose urged and begged Nora.
	Nora was very reluctant to turn around to get the car. Rose asked the waiter to call Doris, and then helped her carry May out to Nora's car.
	The nearest hospital was only ten minutes away. Soon, they arrived and May was taken to the emergency room.
	Nora finished the procedure for entering the hospital and came over, raising the bill in her hand, "I'm really convinced of you! You silly girl!"
	"May has always been good to me. But she has her own identity and position. There are some things she cannot make the decision. I'll transfer the money to you." Rose reached for the bill when Nora withdrew it.
	"Every debt has its debtor. It's not much money, but it shouldn't be paid by us." Nora took it away, just in case Rose would do a foolish thing.
	They waited for a while before Sam and Sky arrived at the emergency room. They were surprised when they saw Rose and Nora.
	Sam frowned and Sky pursed his lips.
	Before they could say anything, the curtain of the emergency bed was pulled open. They hastened to step forward and asked the doctor, "Doctor, how is my wife (mom)?"
	"Mrs. Tanner is fine. She fainted because she was weak and lost control of her emotions. Rest well, and get better nutrition and exercise." The doctor advised, "She can go home when her IV is finished."
	"Thank you, doctor." Sam and Sky said.
	May was transferred to the infusion room by the nurse and Sam and Sky were about to follow.
	Nora stepped forward and blocked their way, "Mr. Sam and Mr. Sky don't even express your thanks?"
	"Thank you, Miss Nora." The two said.
	"I am not willing to be a busybody. If you want to thank someone, just thank Rose." It was obvious that Nora was trying to cause trouble.
Chapter 187 Make Her a Promise
	Nora did this because she wanted to stand up for Rose. She was trying to embarrass the members of the Tanner family, especially Sky, who was a scum in her eyes.
	Since Nora had said so, Rose did not stop her. She saved May. Sam and Sky should thank her.
	Hearing what Nora said, Sam and Sky's faces changed, as if they had swallowed flies.
	"Thank you, Ms. Rose." They had no choice but to express their gratitude, even if they didn't want to face the reality.
	It was a small thing for them to express their gratitude. What mattered was that they owed Rose a favor. Debts involving money were easy to pay off while debts of gratitude were difficult to repay.
	Now, they owed the one they disliked the most a favor. So, they were a little upset.
	"It seems that Mr. Sam and Mr. Sky are not sincere. Since you guys are so reluctant to thank me, then just do not do it." Rose sneered.
	She had not intended to bother herself arguing with the likes of Sam and Sky and force them to thank her. But she was May's benefactor anyway. Even if they did not like her, they should not be in such an attitude towards the person who saved their family.
	"It is said that people from the Tanner family are kind. It seems to be exaggerated." Nora said with irony.
	Sam frowned. Since they were in the hospital, he didn't say anything.
	Sky also put on a cold face, "Ms. Rose, I'd like to thank you for my mother. Thank you for saving her. We owe you a favor. As long as we can do it, we will keep our promise."
	"Alright. I will remember your promise and will definitely not let it be a lip service, Mr. Sky." Rose gladly accepted, "Please don't forget what you said today."
	Rose knew Sky only wanted to return the favor. He did not want to owe her or be involved in her.
	"I'm a witness." Nora reached out and put her hand on Rose's shoulder, "I'll remember it for Mr. Sky."
	"I'm a man of my word." Sky was cold and solemn. He was no longer as gentle as he used to be, and was alienated from Rose.
	"Then please pay the charge for medical consultations first, Mr. Sky." Nora stepped forward and handed over the bills she had just paid.
	Sky reached out and took the bills, glancing at the amount, "I'll transfer the money to Ms. Nora's account later."
	"It's not much money. You can transfer it to me on WeChat." Nora took out her cell phone.
	Sky then also took out his phone to add her account, and then transferred the money to her.
	"Well, we have nothing more to do. Let's go now." Nora elegantly put away the phone and took Rose's arm.
	Rose then left the hospital with Nora. Sky gazed at their receding figures.
	Nora and Rose went to the parking lot, "Our meal was bothered. I'm not full yet. Why don't we come to have something barbecued and drink a beer?"
	"You don't want to keep your good figure? It is so late. Do you still want to have something barbecued?" Rose was surprised. After all, Nora was very self-disciplined and hardly ate anything except for her three meals a day.
	"I'm in such good shape. It is okay to indulge now and then." Nora got into the car and fastened her seat belt, saying, "Anyway, you already had someone send Doris back to the Linder family's villa first. So, you don't have to be in a hurry to go home."
	"I don't have to be in a hurry to go home. But I wonder why you suddenly want to have something barbecued." Rose leaned back and propped her forehead on one hand.
	Nora laughed happily, "Sam and Sky's faces just now were so gloomy. Shouldn't we celebrate?"
	Rose smiled faintly, "Is this something to celebrate?"
	She looked out of the window and thought if Sky knew the truth about five years ago and knew that he owed her a life, his face... With his character, would he give her his life?
	"Come on." Though Nora was advising Rose, she had driven toward the food stall next to their school.
	Nora's red Porsche 911 convertible sports car immediately attracted the attention of the crowd as soon as she parked in front of the food stall.
	"Do we need to be so ostentatious for a barbecue?" Rose felt a little nervous when she saw the crowd all stare at them.
	She didn't want to be so high-profile. She felt that people were just admiring them.
	"Let them do what they want. We enjoy ourselves." Nora directly pushed open the car door and got off the car. She took her metal chain designer bag and walked to the table at the door.
	Rose was also relaxed and did not care about the curious or amazing stares.
	They were in the enviable position of having such beauty and a luxurious car. The crowd were eager for action.
	"Ms. Nora, you always cause a sensation when you come here." The woman who owned the food stall came forward and laughed.
	"Madam, you are honey-mouthed. No wonder you have the best business in this street." Nora took the menu and chose the dishes she liked.
	"It's because Ms. Nora always does us the favor and recommends us to your friends that we can make a living." The woman was surprised when she looked at Rose, "Ms. Rose?"
	"Madam, long time no see." Rose did not expect that the woman still remembered her.
	Rose and Nora often had barbecue here when they were in high school. Even when they graduated, they also invited their classmates to have a meal here.
	But those memories of youth had been so long that she felt those were the things of her last life ...
	"It's nice to see Ms. Rose again." The woman sighed with emotion, and then whispered, "Order more as a welcome to Ms. Rose, and I'll give you a 50% discount."
	"Madam, thank you. But no need." Rose shook her head, "We can't finish it if we order too much."
	"If you can't finish it, you can pack it. It's a deal. Just enjoy yourself." The woman was frank, "My husband and I can never repay the debt we owe Ms. Nora."
	"You are in business. We cannot accept it." Nora was not a woman who took advantage of people, and she did not need to, "It is okay to give us a 20% discount as usual."
	"30% discount."
	After such a pleasant decision, the woman took the list drawn by Nora and Rose to prepare food.
	Nora enjoyed VIP service here. She did not need to get the dishes personally and just sat there and was served.
	Some of their dishes and beer were served first. Nora opened the beer and filled her glass, urging Rose, "Come on."
	"Why are so happy today?" Rose also filled her glass.
Chapter 188 Cheers to Say Goodbye to the Past
	"Cheers!" Rose felt that what Nora said made sense.
	She lifted the glass to her lips and drank while watching Nora drink the glass of wine in one gulp.
	"Come on, replenish it." Nora poured herself a glass of wine and drank, "Rose, do you remember the old school days?"
	"Yes." Rose looked up around. Although something had changed, she was still a little familiar.
	"Do you remember? The first day we came to college together, the two men who picked us up fell in love with us and vowed to chase us. However, we all have someone we liked at the time. So, how could we like them?" Nora laughed when she said this.
	Rose clearly remembered that Sky, who went to school two years before her, also went to his college in Kynto at that time. So, he did not take her to school. When she saw him again, she had experienced a month of military training. Although she had used a sunscreen, she was still a little darker than before.
	He invited her roommates to have dinner together. Nora suggested eating here. Sky, who had drunk, confessed to Rose and wanted her to be his girlfriend.
	He said that only when she agreed to be his girlfriend, could he go to college in Kynto at ease. Otherwise, he would find a way to transfer to the school here or take the exam again.
	It was not easy to get into the colleges in Kynto. Rose didn't want him to joke about his studies for her and also had a crush on Sky. So, with the cheers of her roommates, she agreed.
	That night, he took her hand and they walked around the school, looking at the school she was about to live in for four years. Then he sent her to the dormitory and kissed her.
	At that time, she was eighteen and he was twenty. They were young and had a longing for love...
	Although it wasn't long before they formalized their relationship, they had liked each other for a whole youth.
	They both thought that they could be happy in love like this and get married smoothly after graduation. However, it was fate that made a fool of people.
	Rose lifted the glass on the table and drank the wine. She felt a little upset and sad.
	"Rose, come, eat!" Nora picked up a skewer of beef and handed it to her, "I know what you're thinking. But you have to know that if he really loved you, he should have every confidence in you. Even if he couldn't accept it, he should give you a chance to explain. He neither trusted you nor listened to your explanation. Instead, he proposed to Sophie in public ... He is a scum and unworthy of your attention."
	"Mr. Bright is more generous than Sky. He doesn't mind your past, or that Doris is not his own daughter. He's the one you should trust. When you think about how good he is, you will know how bad Sky is!"
	"I'm not thinking about him. I'm just thinking about my youth... " Rose lifted her glass, "Tonight, I'm saying goodbye to my youth and my past!"
	Yes, from now on, she wanted to say goodbye to her past and would no longer remember it. What she should do was to cherish what she had now and look forward.
	"Yes. Let's say goodbye to the past!" Nora drank her wine and was a little sad, "I'm going to say goodbye to him too."
	"It's time to say goodbye. Let's all be good from now on." Rose took Nora's hand on the table and held it tightly.
	Nora's eyes were shining with tears, but she nodded with a smile.
	Only by forgetting the past could they regain a new life.
	Nora and Rose were living it up tonight. They each drank four bottles of wine in a short time. Both of them were a little drunk.
	"Hey, girls, are you alone?" a man in gaudy clothes came over with a glass of beer, "My friend and I are also single. We can help you relieve the boredom."
	He put one hand on the shoulder of a tall and thin man next to him. They exchanged a meaningful smile with each other.
	Nora propped herself on one elbow, put her lower jaw on her hand, slightly turned to look at the visitors, "Who are you? I don't know you. Get out! Don't disturb us!"
	"You will have a good time if you drink with a man." The man even sat down shamelessly, smiling, "You will be satisfied, miss."
	Hearing this, Nora suddenly turned hostile. She slapped the table, stood up, and was a bit wobbly, "I said get out. Get out as far away as possible. Are you deaf? Can't you hear me?"
	"Nora." Rose felt that the two had bad intentions. So, she gestured for Nora not to be impulsive.
	She struggled to get up, stepped forward and took Nora's wrist, "Let's go."
	"How can you guys leave after cursing us?" The two men blocked their path.
	Nora was about to go forward. But Rose pulled her back and stood in front of her, "Then why do you come here uninvited?"
	"Anyway, since you scold us, you can't leave!" The man said roguishly.
	"So, what do you want?" Rose wanted to know their conditions.
	The man curled his lips and said, "Apologize to me in public."
	"What? Stop daydreaming!" Nora crossed her hands in front of her chest and was proud, "You should be grateful that I don't sue you for harassment."
	"Did I touch you or kiss you? Harassment?" the two men laughed loudly.
	They got closer. One of them pulled Rose, while the other one held Nora's hand.
	"Heywood, they are frequent visitors to my house. Please let them go, and I'll waive your entire bill today." The woman stepped forward to plead for Nora.
	"Let them go?" the man named Heywood snorted, "If you still want to do business here, just mind your own business!"
	"Heywood, they're my friends. Please let them go and I'll waive your entire bill for a month, okay?" the woman put her palms together and offered more enticing conditions.
	But Heywood didn't waver at all. He kicked over their table, "If you say one more fucking word, I'll smash your stall!"
	"Madam, don't worry about us." Rose did not want to implicate the woman, "We can handle it."
	The woman wanted to help them but was unable to do anything. Her eyes were full of worry.
	"Let go of me!" Nora said.
	"You'd better let go of us, or you cannot afford the consequences." Rose reminded.
	"Hey, don't scare me!" Heywood raised an eyebrow, "We're not scared."
	"If you dare to touch me, I'll take your hand out!" Nora struggled. But her feet were weak from the alcohol. She couldn't compete with a strong man.
	"What an arrogant woman!" Heywood pretended to be afraid, but could not hide the smug smile on his face, "I like your fierce disposition!"
	"Behave yourself!" Nora spat in his face, glaring at him with her beautiful eyes.
	Heywood closed his eyes and got angry. He raised his hand to wipe his face, "Bitch, you are so ungrateful!"
	He raised his big hand and was about to slap Nora's pretty face. Rose yelled, "Stop! Stop it!"
Chapter 189 She Wants to Make Sure the Man Isn't Him
	Rose widened her eyes as she watched that Heywood almost slapped on Nora's face.
	At the crucial moment, a figure leapt out of somewhere. He was as quick as a leopard, and grabbed Heywood's wrist to stop him from hitting Nora.
	Heywood turned around after being stopped and said angrily, "Who the hell… Ah!"
	Then the man hit Heywood's face with a sharp fist. Others could hear Heywood's teeth clacking as his face lurched and he spat out a mouthful of blood.
	Nora was right in front of him and widened her eyes in shock. This man was really strong!
	Heywood broke out in a sweat on his forehead and his face was twisted in pain. He relaxed his grip on Nora's arm and then fell straight to the ground.
	The man who was pulling Rose saw this and was so angry that he grabbed a chair and tried to smash it at the man who saved Nora. However, the man turned around and kicked him and the chair out. He fell on the ground and the chair bruised his own forehead.
	Rose, who got free, rushed forward and held Nora, "Nora, are you all right?"
	"I'm okay." Nora put one hand over her chest and was still suffering from the shock.
	It happened so fast that she didn't have time to react. But she could also feel how strong the man was. If she was hit, she was afraid that she would have been broken.
	"Good." Rose was more awake than she was a moment ago, "Sir, thank you for saving us. May I know your name?"
	"It is my master who asks me to save you. You are welcome." The man nodded, "My master has called the police, and the police will come soon. You are safe now. Bye."
	After saying that, he turned to leave.
	"Who is your master? Could you please let us thank him in person?" Rose shouted to the man striding down the street.
	The man didn't turn around, "My master doesn't want to see anyone."
	Rose and Nora saw the man walking across the road. Under a row of trees on the opposite side of the road with only four lanes, there was a black Maybach S-class car. It stopped in the dark, like a cheetah waiting for action.
	A man's profile was faintly visible in the one-third-lowered windows.
	"The master he said must be in the car." Nora stared at the car, "I want to know who it is. I, Nora, don't want to owe anyone a favor. I don't think you do either, do you?"
	"Yes." Rose smiled at her.
	Nora then loosened Rose's hand and chased after the man with unsteady steps.
	She almost fell when she stepped off the curb. Rose tried to help her, but she ran fast. When she got close to the car, the car started and left.
	Nora was anxious, "Wait! You guys..."
	But the car did not stop and drove away. The window was slowly rolled up and the face of the man sitting quietly in the darkness was also obscured.
	But just a glance from afar in a few seconds, Nora seemed to be shocked. Her face was pale and her eyes were wide open. She stared straight at the car. Her eyes were a little dazed and flighty, as if she had seen a ghost.
	"Nora, what's wrong with you?" Rose, who approached a little later, saw Nora, who froze.
	"Rose, I ... I saw him ... he ... he was in the car." Nora spoke disjointedly and seemed weak.
	"He ... who is he?" Rose was confused.
	"But I'm not sure whether it's him." Nora grabbed Rose's hand and her hand was trembling, "It is too dark in the car. I am also far away from it. I do not see him clearly. But the profile of that man is familiar and like his. However ... that man's aura is different from his. That man is cold, while he is gentle and warm. So, it's not necessarily him...."
	"Rose, I want to know if he is Oscar or not!"
	With that, Nora shook Rose off and ran after the car before Rose said anything.
	But it was inconvenient because she was wearing high heels. She directly took off the high heels, ran barefoot after the car that had driven some distance away, and was like a madman.
	She seemed to be back to the fire when she was 19. At that time, she was also mad and wanted to rush in to find him. After being stopped, she cried out his name until there were no tears and her voice was hoarse.
	"Nora!" Rose called at her back, trying to wake her up.
	Nora couldn't hear Rose now. Oscar Stevens was someone she could never forget and give up.
	Rose was worried about Nora. But the police car arrived.
	She was one of the parties involved. The police wanted her to take a statement. She had to do it first. Because she knew that Nora would not be far away and could not catch up with that car.
	Maybe it was better to let Nora catch up with it, so that she could totally give up after making sure that the man was not Oscar.
	But if it was Oscar... what would happen?
	Rose explained the situation to the police and soon finished taking a statement. Then, she got a chauffeur, picked up their bags, and drove Nora's car to find Nora.
	At this time, Nora was at the second traffic light on this road. She was sitting on the ground. Although she was not crying, she looked terrible as if she was abandoned.
	Looking at such Nora, Rose felt distressed. She asked the chauffeur to pull in at the side of the road and wait for a moment.
	She got off the car and hurried to Nora, squatting down. Nora's white legs were covered with dust and her toes were dirty. She was not like the young lady of the Cooper family at all now.
	Rose reached out and patted her back, "Nora, don't cry."
	"Rose, I don't catch up to the car or confirm whether it's him." Nora flung herself into Rose's arms, hugging Rose tightly and trying to get comfort.
	"There are many people in this world who are similar. Maybe you are really wrong. And if it was him, he would have stopped. Besides, with his job, he shouldn't be driving such an expensive car." Rose wiped the sweat from her face, "Look, when you cry, your makeup has massed up and you're not even pretty."
	"Rose, I miss him. I miss him so much." Nora said the words she had suppressed in her heart for five years at this moment, "I've never forgotten him for one day."
	Rose could feel how much Nora loved Oscar. Because she was the one who watched them be together, hold hands and fall in love. She watched Oscar dote on Nora, and that Nora was like a happy child and her eyes shone with happiness.
	But happiness was always ephemeral. Within a year, Oscar had an accident. So far, they had been separated for five years.
	"I know that he must also be thinking of you in the other world and has never forgotten you for one day." Rose felt sad with tears in her eyes.
Chapter 190 A Walking Corpse
	Rose hugged Nora more tightly, while Nora buried her face deeper in her arms.
	They just hugged each other on the road where the cars came and went. The night wind gently blew their hair...
	"Ms. Rose, Ms. Rose ..." Seeing them motionless, the driver had to urge them, "It is not safe for you to stay here. Let's get in the car. "
	Besides, they also delayed his work.
	Rose then recovered from sadness. She had intended to come to persuade Nora. But now, she was also immersed in the sadness.
	"Nora, get up. Let's go home." Rose stood up first, and then helped Nora up.
	Nora stood up and clung to Rose, letting Rose help her to the car.
	In the car, Nora kept hugging Rose. She did not say anything or cry and was terrifying calm.
	Rose knew that Nora needed time to restrain herself and adjust her emotions. So, she kept stroking her back, trying to drive away those worries and pain for her.
	After they arrived at the villa she lived in by the lake, where Nora lived in, the driver parked the car and left. Rose thanked him, went to the villa, and then knocked on the door.
	"Freya, come and help me."
	There were still lights in the living room. So, Freya, Nora’s housekeeper should still be awake.
	Freya hurried to open the door and saw that it was Rose, "Ms. Rose, what's the matter? Ms. Nora is not at home."
	"She's drunk and in the car. Please come to help her into the house." Rose turned around and Freya followed.
	They carefully helped Nora out of the car and into the house. Then, they went upstairs and put Nora on the sofa in the bedroom.
	"Ms. Rose, what's going on with Ms. Nora? Is something wrong?" Freya looked at Nora, who was expressionless and dirty, and was worried.
	"Freya, she just got drunk and fell. Nothing is wrong." Rose explained briefly, "You can go rest. I'll take care of her here."
	"I am going to make a soup for Ms. Nora to sober up, or she'll have a headache tomorrow." Freya then left.
	Rose went to the bathroom and took some warm water. She soaked the towel in water and wrung it. Then, she sat down, put Nora's legs on her knees, and gently wiped the dust and dirt on Nora's legs with the towel, especially her palms and toes, which were worn out by the rough road and bleeding from her barefoot running.
	Looking at this, Rose felt distressed and cleaned it for Nora carefully. Even if it hurt, Nora just frowned and bore it.
	After cleaning the wound, Rose brought the medical box and took out cotton swabs and alcohol to disinfect the tiny wound on Nora's palms and toes. Nora still remained silent.
	She could understand Nora. The mental pain at the moment was a thousand times heavier than the physical pain. So, the physical pain was a small thing.
	After finishing the treatment, Rose put the water basin, towel and medicine box back.
	Freya also brought the soup, "Ms. Rose, Ms. Nora, please remember to drink the soup."
	"Thank you, Freya," Rose looked at Nora who was lying on the sofa with her eyes closed.
	"Call me if you need anything. I'll leave first."
	Rose took a thin blanket to cover Nora, "Alright. Don't hurt yourself like this anymore, okay?"
	Nora's eyelashes trembled lightly before she slowly opened her eyes, "I am too impulsive today."
	"I saw him burned to ashes with my own eyes and knew clearly that he is dead. I also know that I will have a rough time like this. But I am still persistent ...Rose, I am really stupid."
	"You are not stupid, but infatuated and cannot look forward. So, it is inevitable that you will trap in yourself." Rose took her hand and shook it, "You've always advised me to lay the past to rest. But have you ever done it? You should learn from me now."
	"You have Mr. Bright who loves you. But who do I have?" Nora looked up and chuckled, "I'm all on my own."
	"Nora, since you chose Alan among the people who proposed to you, he must have something you like. You have been married to him for five years. Why don't you try to start a warm and happy family?" Rose advised, "Bright and I have never thought that we can fall in love with each other one day. But now, we are going in a better direction. I believe you can do it too, as long as you look forward."
	"Let me tell you, Alan really has no merit. I married him because we made an appointment that we couldn't restrict each other after marriage. In public, we are a couple. In private, we are strangers. Otherwise, do you think I would marry him?" Nora looked around the large room, "Although we live together, we sleep in our own rooms. It's really impossible for me and him to be together."
	"You also know that Alan has a girlfriend. How can I break them up? Besides, we've made a deal. Anyway, we've been like this for five years. There's nothing wrong with it."
	Rose said nothing more, but reminded, "Nora, you have to think about it clearly. Oscar is dead. Do you want to bury your life for him like this?"
	"I once told him that I was his woman whether he was alive or dead. So, the moment he died, I actually died with him. I am just a walking corpse now." Nora sat up and regained her charming smile, "It's getting late. Why don't you spend the night here? We can sleep together like we used to."
	"Okay." Rose had drunk and couldn't drive back on her own. Besides, she was worried about Nora.
	Tonight, she wanted to be with Nora.
	"Then you go take a shower first. There are new pajamas in the dressing room."
	"OK."
	Rose took her pajamas and went to the bathroom to take a shower.
	Nora waited for Rose while the room was opened from outside.
	Alan hurried in and walked to Nora with a worried look on his face, "I heard from Freya that you fell down. Are you hurt? Why don't you go to the hospital to check?"
	"I'm fine." Nora sat up straight, "Why did you come in without knocking? Get out!"
	"I am afraid that you get hurt." Alan looked at Nora's legs covered by the blanket, "Let me see your injury."
	"No need. Get out." Nora got up and tried to drive him out.
	Alan then saw the injury on Nora's toes and grabbed her hand, "You're hurt. Don't move."
	"As long as you don't bother me, I won't move." Nora struggled and tried to pull her hand back.
	Alan, however, picked her up and strode to the big bed, "I'll leave after you're asleep."
	At that moment, Rose came out in her pajamas and saw them like this. Nora thumped Alan's shoulder with her hand, "Get me down."
Chapter 191 Learn to Let Go of Yourself
	Alan also saw Rose and nodded at her, "Hello, Ms. Rose."
	"Mr. Way, good evening." Rose greeted him.
	Alan carried Nora to the bed and put her down, covered her with the blanket, and said with concern, "Have a good rest. Let me know if you feel unwell. I'll get the doctor."
	"No need. I'm fine." Nora thought that Alan made a fuss. It was just a minor injury. "I'm not so weak."
	"As Mrs. Way, you must take good care of yourself." Alan was rarely serious.
	The current him was completely different from the one who was always laughing and joking, which made Nora feel that she was not used to it.
	"You stay away from me." Nora could feel his hot breath.
	Such close contact made her uncomfortable. After all, except for that light kiss at the wedding when they were married, they hadn't even held hands.
	"We're a couple. Ms. Rose can understand it." Alan smiled softly.
	Nora looked at him and seemed to signal that they didn't have to pretend to be in love in front of her best friend.
	Last time in a fast food restaurant, Rose had seen him with his girlfriend.
	"You're not spending time with your girlfriend today?" Nora changed the subject to let him know that there was no secret between her and Rose.
	"I have no girlfriend long ago." Alan was frank enough to admit it. The last time they made trouble in the fast food restaurant and he broke up with his girlfriend.
	"Mr. Way, you are chasing the next woman, right?" Nora had met several of his girlfriends.
	"Mrs. Way, I am not interested in playing through life anymore. I want to return to my family and be a good husband." Alan kept smiling and no one knew whether his words were true or false.
	But in Nora's eyes, it was definitely false, "Mr. Way, come on."
	"Then Mrs. Way, let's wait and see." Alan got up from the edge of the bed and put his hands in his pockets, "You guys chat. I'm going to take a shower."
	Alan turned to Rose who was standing not far away, "Ms. Rose, please take care of Nora tonight. Call me if you need anything. I'll sleep in the opposite room."
	"Mr. Way, don't worry. I will take good care of Nora." Rose nodded.
	Alan took one more look at Nora and then left.
	After the door was closed, Nora heaved a sigh of relief. Rose also walked over, "Alan is quite concerned about you. It is just a minor injury. But he is so nervous. Maybe he likes you?"
	"He likes me?" Nora snorted incredulously, "Rose, what are you thinking? He, a playboy, will like me? He likes me while he can like many other women. This kind of love is so cheap. Do you want it?"
	Rose was silenced by Nora and felt that what Nora said was reasonable.
	"Alright. It's bedtime." Nora was about to change into her pajamas.
	Rose lifted the blanket and went to bed. It was many years ago that they lay in the same bed.
	Now that they were lying together, those school days came back to their mind.
	They were both lucky to be each other's most trusted person, and that they loved each other at all times.
	"Rose, thanks for having you with me."
	"Nora, thanks for having you with me."
	This night, they held hands and stayed with each other.
	In the middle of the night, Nora was awakened by a nightmare. She screamed and sat up violently in a cold sweat, breathing heavily.
	"Nora, did you have a nightmare?" Rose woke up and sat up to pat her back.
	"I dreamed about that fire again. This time, it is more real than before. I could feel the fire burning my skin ..." Nora reached around her body as if it were burning her skin, "How much painful do you think he would have been... But I couldn't save him, just watching him burned to ash."
	She grabbed Rose tightly, "Rose, he must not forgive me. That's why it's so hard for me to forget the fire. I dream about it over and over again, which reminds me how selfish I am!"
	"That's not the case. That fire is too traumatic for you. In fact, I will also dream about that day." Rose held her shoulders, "It's all just fate. Don't blame yourself too much."
	"This time, I heard him say in my dream that he would never forgive me. He would never forgive me ..." Nora looked down and buried her face in the palms of her hands.
	"He was so good to you. How could he say such words to you? You must have heard wrong." Rose helped Nora back to bed, "You just think too much. Let go of yourself. Let's count sheep together. One sheep, two sheep..."
	Nora clung to Rose, listening to her gentle voice, and gradually relaxed herself ...
	Fortunately, today was the weekend. Rose had thought that she could sleep with Nora for a longer time. But Nora got up at seven and went to the gym to run.
	Rose was relieved to see Nora listening to music and running on the treadmill. So, she went to the kitchen to help Freya prepare breakfast.
	"Ms. Rose, you can't do that." Freya didn't dare to let Rose do this, "Ms. Nora will criticize me if she sees it."
	"Then I'll take out the breakfast, okay?" Rose took the porridge out.
	Nora and Alan come to the dining room at the right time. Alan looked at Nora, "Are you okay?"
	"I am fine." Nora hadn't slept well last night. So, her face was a little pale. But she was in good spirits.
	That was Nora. She could hide herself well during the day. But at night, when she was alone, all the loneliness surged and she couldn't remain calm anymore. So, she broke down and vented. After venting, she would become the young lady of the Cooper family who amazed others again during the day.
	Rose handed them the porridge. Alan said, "Thank you, Ms. Rose."
	"Don't mention it, Mr. Way. I even stay and have breakfast here for free." Rose put on a self-mocking smile.
	"You are Nora's best friend. Just make yourself feel at home. I would very much like you to come here frequently in the future. Nora will smile more when she is with you." Alan found this, and gazed softly at Nora, "Honey, you should smile more. You are beautiful while smiling."
	Nora took a mouthful of porridge and choked on what Alan said.
	Alan hastily pulled a tissue and gave it to her, patting her back, "Eat slowly."
	"Why are you talking nonsense?" Nora glared at him, "You don't want me to enjoy my breakfast, do you?"
	"I didn't talk nonsense. You're my wife, and my honey." Alan looked aggrieved, "Ms. Rose, please testify on behalf of me."
	"Alan, what is wrong with you?" Nora was confused. In addition to calling her honey in public, he always called her Nora in private.
Chapter 192 Fickle Parents
	Alan tasted his porridge, then said, "Honey, it's wrong for you to act like this. I am being good to you and caring about you."
	Nora felt very uncomfortable, "Thank you for your concern. But please leave it to your girlfriends. I don't deserve it."
	"I said I don't have any girlfriends now. I'll take good care of you in the future." Alan was not angry at all and looked at her with soft eyes.
	"Come on." Nora also sipped the porridge, "I don't need it. Alan, we'd better keep the previous relationship."
	"Has our relationship ever changed? We've always been a couple," Alan said with a grin, his teeth neat and white.
	Nora put down her spoon and stared at him with a smile, "I don't care about you."
	She also stopped having breakfast, picked up her bag and said to Rose, "Rose, I will take you home."
	"It's the weekend. You rest at home and I'll go back myself." Rose wanted Nora to have a good rest at home.
	"I always enjoy myself with feasting and other kinds of entertainment. The outside world suits me better." Nora took Rose's hand, "Don't stand on ceremony. I'm not a stranger."
	Rose was pulled by Nora to leave. She turned to Alan who was still eating breakfast, "Mr. Way, bye."
	"Ms. Rose, take care. Welcome to come here later." Alan raised his hand and waved at Rose with a smile.
	When they walked outside the villa and got into the car, Rose asked Nora, "What are you doing? You even did not have breakfast."
	"I cannot enjoy my breakfast with him around." Nora started the car and drove away from the villa.
	"Then where are you going?" Rose was worried as Rose was about to go out alone.
	"I can go shopping, receive beauty treatments, or have a tea. I don't want to stay at home and face him." Nora had always lived as she wished. As long as she had something to do, she would not think about other things.
	As an adult, she had to persuade herself to live well and be happy.
	Rose looked at Nora who was smiling and in high spirit, and put on a faint smile, "It seems I am too worried."
	"I did lose my temper yesterday. But I'm fine now." Nora smiled brightly at her, as if she wasn't the one who had a breakdown last night, "A little indulgence now and then can avoid endocrine disorders."
	Rose was amused at her humor this time.
	Nora took Rose to the Linder family's villa and left.
	When Rose got home, Doris threw herself into her arms, "Mommy, where were you last night? I was so scared to be alone."
	"You can sleep with Great-Grandma." Rose stroked her forehead and said.
	"Great-Grandma is old. I didn't want to worry her. But Grandma did fall asleep with me and told me a story." Doris pursed her lips lightly. She also did not expect her grandmother, who had never liked her, to be so affable.
	Hearing this, Rose paused and looked up at Joy. Although she couldn't forgive her parents for what they had done, she should thank Joy for helping to take care of Doris.
	"Thank you, Mom." Rose said distantly.
	"We are family. Don't mention it, Rose. When you have something to do, I'll take care of Doris for you. Don't worry." Joy was no longer as sharp and mean as before. She smiled and was like a different person.
	"Yes. Rose, Doris is our granddaughter. You can work or spend time with Bright as you want. Your mother and I will take good care of Doris. It is what we should do as grandparents." Chandler also put on a flattering smile and was in a completely different attitude.
	Rose knew that her parents had changed like this because of Bright. She had become his wife. So, she was assuming his authority.
	"Thanks for your kindness. But there is no need. Bright said we will take Doris with us wherever we go in the future. Last night, something happened to Nora. It was a special situation. I will try not to bother you guys in the future." Rose did not want to owe them too much.
	They were just trying to curry more favor with Bright through her so that they could get more benefit in business.
	She wanted to tell them not to waste their efforts. She wouldn't help them, even if she could.
	"As for Bright, he and I have agreed to keep public and private affairs separate. I will never ask him about his work. And I don't need him to help me with my job."
	Chandler just forced a smile.
	"If it's all right, Doris and I are going upstairs." Rose picked up Doris and went upstairs, asking Doris, "Where do you want to go today? Mommy will satisfy you."
	"Great."
	Looking at Rose and Doris disappearing around the corner, Joy said to Chandler, "Did you hear what she just said? She is not going to help you and our family. Didn't we waste our time last night? I even did not sleep well."
	"She still holds a grudge against what we have done before. It cannot be eliminated in a short time. But as long as we have been good to her and Doris, we can slowly soften her. Anyway, we are her biological parents." Chandler lightly patted his knee, "And she is also a member of the Linder family. Who else can she help except for the Linder family? Does the Lee family need her help?"
	"Besides, as long as we are good to her, Bright will see with his own eyes and keep it in mind. Then, he will do us a favor anyway. Now, we are his wife's father and mother. He will respect us and will not go against us in public at least, right?"
	"So, we'd better help Rose. Don't complain. If we get rid of the resentment in her heart all these years, can't we get benefits from Bright?"
	Joy nodded in agreement with Chandler's analysis, "You are right."
	"That is why it is said that women always have long hair but are short-sighted." Chandler pointed at Joy, as if he was saying that Joy was too stupid.
	"Who are you talking about?" Joy resented Chandler for daring to say that about her, "Haven't I paid for you and the family after I married you? Since you think I'm so useless, then you sleep on the couch tonight!"
	Seeing that Joy was angry, Chandler had to apologize and hold her shoulders, "Honey, I am sorry. It's my fault that I said something wrong. Please don't take it to heart."
	Joy snorted, turned around, and ignored him.
	"Come on." Chandler looked around, "If you are really angry, you can curse or hit me as you like after we go upstairs and close the door. Doris is still here. As her grandfather, please spare my feelings, okay?"
	Joy still ignored him and put on a long face.
	Rose, who had changed her clothes, came downstairs with Doris. When they passed by the living room, Doris waved at them, "Grandpa, Grandma, I'm going out with mommy, bye."
	"Bye, Doris." All at once, Joy and Chandler's serious faces softened into grins.
Chapter 193 This Is a Gift for Your Marriage
	Rose drove out and Doris was very happy.
	She first took Doris to Musicque Amusement Park, where they could not only view and admire many flowers, but also feed cute animals with carrot sticks, such as alpaca, rabbit.
	Doris loved feeding the animals, but was also scared.
	They also went to a water slide and were on the same hovercraft, sliding down the winding channel.
	For lunch, they had pizza, pasta and steak, and cream of mushroom soup.
	Doris was so happy. Rose took a tissue and wiped the corners of her lips which were stained sauce, "Look, you're eating like a little kitty."
	"I'm so happy." Doris said, rolling up the pasta with a fork and eating it with satisfaction.
	After lunch, Rose took Doris to People's Hospital and bought a basket of fruit from the store in front of the hospital and a bunch of carnations from the florist.
	"Mommy, what are we doing in the hospital?" Doris asked.
	"We come to visit a lady." Rose let Doris hold the flowers while she carried the fruit basket and led Doris to the hospital.
	She had asked that the doctor had let May go home after the injection. But May had a bad headache. So, she was hospitalized for observation.
	Rose knocked on the door of May's ward and entered while May happened to be alone.
	Rose walked over with Doris. May's eyes were filled with joy and surprise when she saw Rose.
	"Mrs. Tanner, how are you?" Rose put the fruit basket and the flowers down.
	Since May had been kind to her, Rose was grateful and came to visit her.
	"Rose, thank you for coming to visit me. "May was touched, "Thank you for saving me yesterday."
	"It is just instinctive. You are welcome." Rose brought Doris in front of her and introduced, "Doris, this is Mrs. Tanner."
	"Hello, Mrs. Tanner." Doris said politely.
	"Hello, Doris. You're so pretty and looks like your mother when she was a child." May studied Doris, who was cute and looked even more lovely and beautiful with red face.
	May took her eyes off Doris to Rose, "Is she the child five years ago?"
	"Yes. She is my baby." Rose held Doris's shoulders with both hands and was proud of her, "She's the one who brought me comfort. Otherwise, I don't know how I would have kept going."
	"We're the ones who are sorry." May blamed herself.
	"Mrs. Tanner, it has nothing to do with you. It's my choice." Rose had become stronger after such a change.
	May still felt guilty for Rose. But she would keep it in her mind and hope she could have the chance to make it up later.
	And she was now closer to Rose.
	"You and Bright got married and I haven't congratulated you yet." May took off a white jade bracelet from her wrist, "I don't know what wedding present is suitable for you. He is my small gift."
	She had intended to give the jade bracelet she had been wearing to Rose after Sky and Rose got married. But people never knew what would happen. Rose did not marry Sky. However, Sophie became Sky's wife.
	It was not that she did not like Sophie. She just preferred Rose subconsciously.
	Rose told Doris to go play on the couch, and then refused May, "Mrs. Tanner, thanks for your kindness, but I cannot accept it."
	"Rose, don't refuse." May insisted, "Just listen to me and take it, so that I will feel better. You do not want to take it because you are unwilling to forgive me? But it's reasonable that you don't forgive me."
	"No, May." Rose changed her address to show her sincerity.
	She did not get along with Sophie. If Sophie knew about it, Rose didn't know what trouble Sophie was going to make.
	Of course it wasn't that she was afraid of Sophie. It was just that she thought the less trouble the better. She didn't want to tangle with Sophie.
	"Since you are still willing to call me May, then take it." May pleaded with Rose with soft gaze, "This is a gift for your marriage. Besides, I can give my things to whomever I want. You should take it."
	Her eyes were firm and persistent. Rose knew that if she didn't take it, May would not let go of her hand.
	"May, then thank you." Rose had to carefully put it away, thinking that she would return it to May later when there was a chance, "But I don't understand what you mean that I should take it."
	"You will understand later." May did not say more. Seeing Rose take it, she shook her hand with satisfaction.
	Was May still treating her as her daughter-in-law? Did May still think that she and Sky would be able to be reconciled with each other one day?
	How was this possible? They were married and had already become strangers. They could never return to the past.
	"Then May, I am going to peel an apple for you." Rose got the apples and washed them, then peeled two apples and divided them, one for May and one for Doris.
	"You have some, too." May took a piece for her with a toothpick and handed it to her.
	"Thanks." Rose took the toothpick and ate the apple.
	May looked at Rose and smiled, and Rose also smiled. They seemed to be back when they were particularly close.
	"Rose, why are you here!" Sophie's appearance broke the peace.
	Rose put the glass bowl on the bedside table, looked at Sophie who was walking towards her with anger and hostility in her eyes, and asked rhetorically, "Why can't I be here? Are you the one who runs this hospital?"
	"You..." Sophie choked, and then looked at May, "Mom, have you forgotten what she did to Sky five years ago? Not only did she not save Sky from death, but she betrayed Sky and gave birth to a bastard..."
	Suddenly, Rose slapped Sophie hard on the face, catching Sophie off guard.
	Her face was deflected and her body tilted. Sophie felt her face burning badly. It hurt so much that even the root of her tongue was a little numb.
	"How dare you hit me?" Sophie was going to lose temper. But seeing May here, she could only suppress her anger.
	She was always good and cute in front of May. So, she couldn't get angry to leave May a bad impression.
	Sophie immediately became a pitiful and tender woman, as if she had suffered endless grievances and made people feel pity.
	"Mom, Rose hits me. I am carrying the child of the Tanner family in my belly. He is also your grandson." Sophie's eyes were filled with tears as she cried, "Mom, please get justice for me."
Chapter 194 What's Wrong with Her Taking Advantage of Her Husband's Power
	Sophie could only let May get justice for her. Otherwise, she couldn't let it go easily.
	"My beating you has nothing to do with May. It is between us. We all are adults and can solve it ourselves." Rose had a powerful aura and was serious.
	"Rose, aren't you just taking advantage of Mr. Bright's power? Why don't you rely on yourself?" Sophie envied Rose for being so lucky. She would never have thought of that after leaving Sky, Rose could marry Bright.
	It was so annoying that Rose had a bad reputation with a kid and still managed to become Mrs. Lee.
	"He is my husband. What's wrong with me taking advantage of my husband's power? I don't mind you taking advantage of your husband's power, if you can do it." Rose put on a perfect smile, but her eyes were cold and sharp, "Sophie, I'm telling you, I don't care what you want to do to me. But my daughter is my bottom line. If you dare to test my limit, I will never let you go!"
	"What I said is just the truth!" Sophie was still stubborn and reluctant to admit mistakes, "Did I say something wrong?"
	"Stop!" May frowned and could not listen to Sophie's words anymore, "Sophie, it is rude for you to talk like this. Rose is your sister and Doris is your niece. You will also be a mother soon. Can't you be virtuous for your child?"
	Sophie blinked lightly and tears rolled down her fair cheeks, "From the moment she left Sky behind, she was not my sister anymore. I will not admit that a person who has no conscience regardless of Sky's safety is my sister. Sky was the one who saved her life back then. But what did she do!"
	"Mom, how can you still be so protective of her? I know you've always preferred Rose. So do you want her to replace me as your daughter-in-law?"
	Sophie sneered, "Stop that wishful thinking. She has married Mr. Bright, a powerful and rich man. Do you think she will still be willing to marry into the Tanner family? I'm the only one who really loves Sky. Rose doesn't deserve it at all!"
	"Yes, I don't deny that I prefer Rose. Although she can't be my daughter-in-law, I can regard her as my daughter. Is that too much?"
	"And since you married Sky, I have recognized you from my heart as my daughter-in-law. I also did my duty as a mother-in-law. I didn't let you suffer any unkindness in the Tanner family and always asked Sky to care more about you and accompany you."
	"I can see how good you are to Sky. And now you are pregnant with Sky's baby. Your father, sister, Sky and I are all grateful to you sincerely. We try our best to satisfy you. Examine your own conscience. Have I ever treated you badly in the past five years or so?"
	Sophie knew that the Tanner family was kind and she was lucky to marry Sky. But when Rose appeared, Sophie felt she would be abandoned and replaced.
	When she just came in and saw that they were as close as a family, she became alarm.
	She couldn't let Rose take anyone away from her. She wouldn't allow it!
	"Mom, you guys haven't treated me badly. But Rose used to be Sky's fiancée, and I am Sky's legal wife now. How do you make me feel when you are so close to her? Can you spare my feelings?" Sophie caressed her flat belly, "Even if it's for your grandson."
	"I fainted yesterday and Rose took me to the hospital. She is my benefactor. As my daughter-in-law, after you came in, you not only didn't thank her, but also shouted and spoke rudely. Have you thought about your child?" May was very unpleasant.
	"Mom, in a word, you don't like me anymore because she's back, right?" Sophie bit her lip, her eyes filled with tears and resentment.
	"No." May shook her head, "You guys are sisters. Why can't you get along well with each other?"
	"Get along well with each other?" Sophie sneered, "You can ask her if she wants to get along well with me! She still loves Sky."
	"Rose has married Bright. It is inappropriate for you to say such words. This is not only insulting Rose and Sky, but also insulting yourself!" May thought Sophie was too stubborn, "You are Sky's wife. Don't you trust him at all? Then why can you be together? The most basic thing to love a person is trust and loyalty. If you can't even do that, do you really love Sky?"
	"I ..." Sophie was once again silenced by May's questioning, "Mom, are you doubting my love for Sky? If I didn't love him, I wouldn't have said yes to his proposal shortly after he was discharged from the hospital. I even didn't care if I could have children with him... I sacrificed so much for him. But now, you still think I do not love him..."
	"Then do you think Rose loves Sky? If so, she wouldn't have done something to betray Sky!" Sophie angrily pointed at Rose. She was not resigned to the fact that there were always people protecting and helping Rose, while she had to rely on her own efforts to fight for everything, "Since this is how you see me, mom, then I'd better abort this child in my belly..."
	Sophie slowly closed her eyes in pain and turned to leave. May called out to her, "Sophie, this is your and Sky's child. How can you be so capricious?"
	"I am nothing in the Tanner family, let alone him. Even if he is born, he will not be valued." Sophie didn't stay any longer and left without looking back.
	May frowned, closed her eyes, and grabbed the sheet tightly.
	She then lifted the covers and got out of bed. While Sophie pulled on the door handle, she grabbed Sophie's hand, "Sophie, you can't do this. The baby is innocent."
	This was the only child of the Tanner family. Sky had him with difficulty. She couldn't just watch Sophie give up the baby.
	"Then am I not innocent?" Sophie asked rhetorically.
	In fact, Sophie was proud inside. She was betting that May cared about the baby and would not let her abort the baby easily.
	"Rose has married Bright. She has no reason to have any affairs with Sky. There can never be anything between them! Trust me." May assured solemnly, her eyes filled with sincerity.
	"Why should I trust you?" Sophie looked sideways at Rose who was standing there.
	"Sophie, don't be unreasonable!" Seeing May speak so humbly for this, Rose couldn't bear it, "Don't worry, okay? How can I give up Bright and have an affair with Mr. Sky? I, Rose, know exactly what I want!"
	"This is our family business. It has nothing to do with you!" Sophie excluded Rose.
	"So what do you want?" May knew Sophie had conditions.
Chapter 195 You Can't Even Meet Her in the Future
	May could only compromise for the sake of the child, while Sophie relied on this child and was arrogant.
	Rose, on the other hand, was very calm, just thinking that Sky should have never seen Sophie like this. If Sky knew that Sophie was so condescending to his beloved mother, what would he look like?
	"Mom, promise me that you won't meet Rose in the future. Even if you happen to meet her, you should leave immediately and stay as far away from her as possible. Otherwise, I won't be as nice as I am today." Sophie chuckled after stating her conditions, "Mom, I think you can definitely do it for the sake of your grandson."
	"By the way, it can only be known by us in this ward. If anyone else knows about it, I may do anything when I'm not happy." She looked down at her hand that was stroking her belly.
	It was obvious that Sophie was threatening May. But May could do nothing because she was threatened.
	Seeing Sophie go so far, Rose felt sad for May.
	Rose took a few steps forward, ignored Sophie's smug look, and said to May, "May..."
	"That's a very affectionate address. Rose, how can you call my mom like this?" Sophie snorted, deliberately looking for trouble.
	"May, I think it is indeed not suitable for us to see each other again. So, I won't bother you anymore in the future. Just take care of yourself. I hope you recover soon." Rose took the initiative to make her thoughts clear in front of Sophie, and did not want to embarrass May.
	May also understood Rose's intention. Rose was taking the initiative to draw a clear line with her, so that she could make a decision.
	"Doris, let's go." Rose waved to Doris to come over.
	Doris jogged up and took Rose's hand.
	"You can't go now." Sophie blocked her path, "What you said is not what she said. So, she has to say it once."
	"Sophie, don't go too far." Rose frowned.
	"Do I go too far? I'm doing this for mom's good." Sophie said with great confidence, "How can she be so close to a woman who has betrayed and hurt her son? Has she ever thought about her own son? She simply can't distinguish between the enemy and the people on her own side!"
	"Rose, this is our family business. In what capacity do you intervene in it?"
	Rose was indeed not in a position to intervene in the Tanner family's affairs, "It seems that some things can only be figured out in front of our parents when you go back to the Linder family's villa."
	"What do you mean?" Sophie's eyes then flashed with a hint of fear.
	Timothy had been dealt with by Bright. Sophie had not returned to the Linder family during this period of time and had been staying in the Tanner family, so that she would not meet Rose.
	She thought she would be safe if she hid. Unexpectedly, she still met Rose here.
	Anywhere Rose was, Sophie would feel nervous and angry.
	May took a deep breath, "Alright. Stop talking. I promise you that I will never meet Rose again and will leave immediately when I see her. Is it okay?"
	May frowned, not wanting Sophie to be so stubborn and not to let Rose go.
	Today, May saw clearly that all of Sophie's good manners were disguised. But Sky was still kept in the dark.
	"Mom, please remember what you said today and do it, or there will be retribution." Sophie raised an eyebrow at Rose with a triumphant look.
	"Sophie, are you still human? How can you treat your elders like this? She is even the mother of the man you love! Does Sky know your real face?" Rose looked at May who was sick and sad, and just couldn't help but want to poke her nose into their business.
	"I am the Tanner family and Sky's savior. They should all thank me." Sophie thought she was a hero of the Tanner family, and that they owed her a great debt of gratitude.
	Rose nodded with a cold smile, "Sophie, you claim that you were Sky's savior. So what proof do you have?"
	"I gave the umbilical cord blood to the doctor and it saved Sky. That's the proof." Sophie lied with a straight face.
	She had taken Rose's contribution to Sky for herself five years ago. How could she admit that she was lying?
	"Where is the doctor?" Rose continued to ask her.
	"I do not know." Sophie looked a little impatient.
	"Call him in and we'll question him face to face to confirm who the cord blood belongs to." Rose smiled calmly and looked at Sophie, who was a little guilty.
	"It's not yours anyway." Sophie gritted her teeth and denied it.
	"That's not necessarily true." Rose looked at Doris with soft gaze.
	"Stop talking nonsense here." Sophie glared at Rose who was looking for trouble.
	Listening to their conversation, May thought something was fishy. So, she asked, "Sophie, who dose the umbilical cord blood belong to? Where did you get it?"
	At that time, Sky was sick and his health was getting worse. They couldn't find a bone marrow match. The doctor said that they could only wait.
	But when Sky was in great danger, Sophie gave hope to them, saying that she had found the cord blood. Everyone was immersed in the joy of Sky's salvation and didn't go deep into what happened.
	They wanted to thank the donor. But Sophie refused on the grounds that the donor didn't want other to know who he was.
	They then gave Sophie 2 million to let her give the donor to thank him.
	Then they would prepare for a gift and asked Sophie to give the donor every year as a token of their appreciation.
	Until now, they had never met the donor. Whenever they mentioned the donor, Sophie would change the topic of conversation.
	Now that Rose mentioned it, May felt suspicious.
	"Mom, no matter where I got it, it is okay that Sky is healthy now." Sophie paused and added, "Mom, do you believe her or me? Please remember that I am Sky's wife! I won't hurt Sky anyway."
	"But..." May did not doubt Sophie's feelings for Sky, but her behavior.
	"No buts. Everything I do is for Sky's good." Sophie interrupted May's pursuit, "Mom, take care of yourself. I'll see you next time. And you, Rose, hurry up and leave here!"
	She didn't want to be entangled with May here. With Rose around, Sophie was indeed a bit scared.
	Sophie then pulled open the door and left in a hurry.
	May stood there, her mind in turmoil.
	"May, do not think so much. Your health is more important." Rose held May, "I'll help you lie down on the bed."
	May lay on the bed. Her face was pale and very gloomy.
	"May, I'll leave now. Take good care of yourself."
	But May took her hand, "Rose, what do you know about the donor?"
Chapter 196 Waiting for the Best Time to Fight Back
	Rose put her other hand on the back of May's hand and patted it lightly, pacifying her, "May, some things have to be said at the right time. Whatever I know, it is not the right time now."
	"That means you know the inside story." May's eyes lit and she said hopefully.
	"I don't know." Rose denied it.
	May was Sky's mother. If May talked to Sky about what happened today, Rose was only afraid that Sky would suspect her of having bad intentions.
	And she hadn't got better and more direct evidence to prove it for the time being.
	Rose had to find ironclad evidence to make Sophie speechless and unable to turn over. Otherwise, if Sophie made a comeback, she would attack in retaliation.
	May's eyes, which had a glimmer of joy, became gloomy.
	Rose didn't want to say anything bad about Sophie. After all, there weren't many people who believed her now.
	She didn't want to get herself into something. In particular, Sky was especially protective of Sophie. What's more, Sophie was now pregnant with Sky's child and became important for him.
	This was not the best time to bring Sophie down.
	Rose was now like a hunter who was waiting for the opportunity to give a fatal blow when the prey was most relaxed and vulnerable.
	At this time, the door of the ward was pushed open from the outside. It was Sky, Alaya and Jasmin who came in together.
	They were a little surprised to see May holding Rose's hand.
	Rose drew back her hand, "Mrs. Tanner, goodbye."
	Rose took Doris and was about to leave. May said to Sky who froze in place, "Sky, see Rose off."
	Sky didn't move, thinking that he should avoid suspicion because of the status between them. He was a little reluctant to see Rose off.
	Alaya and Sky were closest to each other and could see what her brother was thinking. So, she smiled and put the flowers in his arms, "Mom, let me do it. I just have something to talk to Rose."
	With that, Alaya walked out of the ward with Rose and sent her to the elevator.
	"Rose, thanks for saving my mom. I don't care what you did to Sky before. But I just hope you don't come near my mom again. After all, Sophie and Sky are already married and you're also married. So, let's just go our own ways." Alaya thought for a while and had to say what she was thinking.
	"Alaya, you're right. I know what to do." Rose understood as soon as she heard it, "I won't bother May in the future."
	"Thank you." Alaya saw the elevator coming and made a gesture, "Take care."
	Rose nodded and took Doris to the elevator to leave.
	They reached the underground parking lot. As they walked to the car, Doris pulled Rose's hand, "Mommy, don't be sad."
	"Why should I be sad?" Rose looked at her little baby.
	"They all don't like you. But I like you, and Daddy, Nora, and Jane all like you. that is enough. Others are all unimportant people. So, don't get upset because of the unimportant ones." Doris said it in a reasonable way.
	Rose squatted down and put her hands on Doris's shoulders, "You're right. But mommy isn't upset at all. Because mommy doesn't like them either."
	Doris covered her mouth with her hands and smiled, giving a thumbs-up sign.
	"Let's go back." Rose was about to get up when she saw two familiar figures dodging in at the security gate.
	She opened the car door, asked Doris to sit in it, and said, "Doris, wait in the car for mommy for a few minutes. Good girl, don't say anything. I'll be right back."
	"OK." Doris didn't ask why and cooperated obediently.
	She knew that her mommy must have something important to do. That was why she left her here.
	All she should do was wait for her mommy obediently and not make a mess.
	Rose locked the car and then crept to the security door.
	She pressed herself against the wall and slowly approached the cold, hard metal door panel, pressing her ear firmly against it to try to listen to the conversation inside.
	Sure enough, there came the sound of the conversation between two people.
	"Timothy, can you just calm down and listen to me?" it was Sophie's voice with a begging tone. She was quite different from the proud woman in May's ward just now.
	"Sophie, if you become what I am now, can you calm down?" Timothy was furious, "Since I have offended Bright, I have now been dismissed from all positions by the directors. They even force me to give up my shares. Now, I have nothing!"
	"And this is all because of you! If you hadn't revealed the false news that Rose was the third party in Bright's marriage, I wouldn't have asked someone to make trouble in City J. You said that Bright got tired of Rose and abandoned her. But what happened then? Rose is the real Mrs. Lee!"
	"You really have to eat your words!" Timothy pointed to his own face, "Look at you and then look at me. As Bright's sister-in-law, you're still gorgeous. But I'm like a rat! Why?"
	Hearing this, Rose was completely sure that Timothy and Sophie were in cahoots against her. But the two had never met each other. How did they get together and conspire against her?
	"I ... I didn't expect things would turn out this way either! We are allies in the same boat. How could I harm you? It was that bitch Rose who had acted and misled us. Unexpectedly, Bright would cooperate with her so perfectly." Sophie grabbed her clothes nervously with her fingers, "I hate Rose more than you do."
	"What's the point of talking about it now!" Timothy didn't listen to her words and not trust her like before, "Can I go back to the old days even if you say this? You let me become like this anyway. Since you've done me so much harm, how can you land on your feet? Let's die together!"
	Timothy stepped forward and grabbed her shoulder with such force that her shoulder hurt. Sophie endured the pain and was scared.
	Now, Timothy had nothing. So, he also had nothing to lose. She could not anger him.
	"What nonsense are you talking about? How can we get revenge on Rose if we die? Do you want to let it go so easily?" Sophie said with a soft look on her face.
	"I don't. But does it matter? The opponent is Bright. Ten of you and I are no match for a man with such power. Or do you still want to use me? "Timothy narrowed his eyes, becoming wiser after taking a loss.
	"Aren't you going to die? Why don't we revenge before dying, so that all of them can't be spared. We have to stay alive now and wait for our chance. We will have a chance."
	"Why should I trust you?" He was not as stupid as before.
Chapter 197 She Finds Out Their Secret
	Sophie knew that there was a credibility gap between her and Timothy. She had to get Timothy to trust her again.
	"Give me some time and I'll prove it to you." Sophie said gently, pull down his hand clasped on her shoulder, and smiled faintly.
	"Alright, I'll give you some time as you wish. If you dare to play tricks, then I will not let you off easily." Timothy put on an evil smile, then leaned over and lowered his head to kiss Sophie.
	Nausea surged in Sophie as she smelled the scent of him. She secretly took a deep breath to suppress it.
	She smiled coquettishly and put her index finger against his lips, "Don't do that. This is a safe passage."
	"There's no one else here. Why can't you give me a kiss? Don't forget that the last time you failed to drug Rose. Instead, you were drugged. I helped you. You begged me to sleep with you at that time. How much you enjoyed it! Why can't I even kiss you now?"
	"Sophie, you think I can't kiss you now that I've lost my place, right?" Timothy said harshly and humiliated Sophie.
	Sophie was already uncomfortable. Besides, she was pregnant and had morning sickness. Now, she simply could not help retching violently.
	Seeing that Sophie was so disgusted with him that she even vomited, Timothy was angry and embarrassed with a complicated look.
	"Sophie, I still have your nude photos. It seems that you want me to send these photos and videos to Sky, so that he can see how happy his wife is when she sleeps with another man."
	Timothy said and turned to leave. Sophie took his hand, holding back her sickness and begged him, "Timothy, I don't dislike you. I just have an upset stomach. That's why I came to the hospital. Trust me. Look, this is my examination report."
	It was true that she could not eat during this period of time. So, she went to the hospital to have a check and did not expect that she could fool Timothy with this examination report now.
	She took out the report from her bag and gave it to Timothy, "Look, I didn't lie to you."
	Timothy narrowed his eyes and pulled the report from her hand to take a look. After he looked at it, his anger was eliminated.
	"And I've been out for so long. I'm afraid Sky will be suspicious. So, we cannot do it this time. Let's make another appointment." Sophie watched his face carefully, saying something nice Timothy would listen.
	Before getting those photos back from Timothy and dealing with Timothy, Sophie could only be meek and subservient to calm him down. Now, she was the only one he could rely on. He was still of some value to Sophie in fixing Rose.
	Before draining him of his value, she must fall in with his wishes as much as possible.
	Timothy rubbed his nose mischievously, "Take a hotel room another day and I will come to see you. Do not let me wait too long. I'm rendered humble now. Those women hide away when they see me. I can't even have my lust released. You have to comfort me properly."
	He lifted his hand and cupped Sophie's chin, smiled wickedly, and gave her a hard kiss on the lips.
	"And I need money!" Timothy had little money left on him in these few days.
	"Send me your card number and I'll transfer 100,000 to you." Rose kept her smile and complied.
	Timothy tightened his hand and pinched her chin, "100,000? Do you think I'm a beggar? Give me a million first."
	"One million?" Sophie widened her eyes in shock, not expecting him to be so greedy and want ten times what she gave him, "How can I get so much?"
	Timothy sized Sophie up and wandered his fingers from her chin to the diamond earrings in her ears, and slid down her slender neck to the diamond necklace that matched the earrings on her chest. Then, he wandered over her shoulder and down her arm to hold her right hand, where the diamond wedding ring was shining. All of them were luxury brands.
	"The value of the clothes and jewelry you wear is close to one million. You are the daughter-in-law of the Tanner family and the lady of the Linder family. What is your status in City H? You want to tell me that you have no money? Do you think I'm a fool?" Timothy rubbed the smooth and brilliant diamond on her finger, "It's okay if you don't want to give it to me. Then just give me your wedding ring."
	Sophie immediately clenched her fists to prevent him from taking it away, "I can't give this to you. If Sky finds out my wedding ring is gone, how can I explain?"
	"That is your business." Timothy said shamelessly, "Or do as I say."
	"One million is too much. I don't have so much cash in my hand. So, give me some time to think of a way to get the money." Faced with Timothy's exorbitant price, Sophie had no choice but to compromise.
	"One day. I have to receive the money in my account by this time tomorrow." Timothy reached out with one finger and gave the deadline.
	"One million is not trifling sum. I really cannot get it in one day." Sophie was awkward and asked him for a grace period, "Give me three days."
	"Two days. It is not negotiable." This was Timothy's last concession.
	He didn't have much money now. He needed money for food, living, and transportation. Besides, he was used to spending extravagantly. It almost drove him crazy that he was now straitened for cash.
	He could no longer stand the poor days when he could not get anything he wanted.
	He had to have money. Otherwise, how could he live!
	And Sophie was of course his best source of money, unless she didn't want to be Sky's wife anymore.
	"Alright." Sophie could only nod and say, "Then I'll go first and get the money for you."
	"Sophie, you'd better remember that I have nothing now. I'm not afraid of you playing tricks! If the worst comes to the worst, we will die together!"
	With that, Timothy pulled down the black baseball cap on his head and left through the security channel step. Sophie then heaved a sigh of relief. But she was so angry after being bullied by Timothy at this time that she smashed the bag in her hand against the wall to vent her anger.
	Rose didn't stay long, turned around, and left quietly.
	She got into her car and drove away from the hospital in a hurry.
	She never thought Sophie would have such an affair with Timothy. It really surprised her. But that explained why they knew each other.
	It was said that harm set, harm got. A wicked person would be harassed by another of like ilk.
	Thinking about Sophie's end today, Rose was in a better mood today.
	She couldn't slacken off and also had to give Sophie a gift. She was really annoyed to see Sophie so arrogant.
Chapter 198 You Can't Let Go Because You Still Love Her
	After sending Rose away, Alaya returned to May's ward and saw that May was gloomy.
	Sky was asking May, "Mom, what's wrong with you?"
	"Sky, I don't feel well inside." May sighed. Thinking of what Sophie had just done in this ward, she was chilled and afraid.
	Sophie had always been soft and frail on the surface. But May never thought that she would be so aggressive inside.
	And this kind of woman was her son's wife. Sophie's disguise was too scary.
	"I'll go and call the doctor to have a check." Sky was about to turn around, but May stopped him, "I'm suffering from my anxiety. The doctor can't cure it."
	"Mom, you can see a psychiatrist for your anxiety. I will find you a good doctor." Sky sat down and looked at May.
	"My anxiety can't be cured by a psychiatrist." May was in a bad mood.
	Alaya also came forward and pacified, "May, take it easy. You can talk to us about it. We will try our best to do whatever you want to do."
	"That's right, mom. Just tell us what you want. We are also worried when we see you like this." Sky said.
	"I do not know if I should say it. Even if I say it, I am afraid that you all will not believe." May looked down and was very hesitant.
	"Mom, you are so strange today. Did she say something to you? Don't believe her and I'll deal with everything." Sky propped his hands on his knees and frowned.
	"She?" May asked her son rhetorically, "Who are you referring to?"
	"Rose." Sky met his mother's questioning gaze, "She was the one who sent you to the hospital yesterday. But I returned all the favors I should have returned. So, don't feel like you owe her."
	"Sky, you misunderstood Rose. She didn't come to ask me to return the favor. She just cared about me and came to see me." May felt that Sky had a deep prejudice against Rose, "You have a prejudice against her."
	"I hold no prejudice against anyone. But she is no longer the Rose we knew long ago." Sky also felt that May was too stubborn, "Mom, can you keep sober-minded?"
	"You're the one who should keep sober-minded." May suppressed her anger that was surging.
	"Mom, what exactly did she say to you? It seems that you were brainwashed by her." Sky was bitter about being criticized by May, "Don't you know what did she do back then? Now, you're speaking up for her. Are you still my mother? Didn't you see that I, your son, was abandoned by her like a fool?"
	As Sky said, his face turned ashen with outrage. He gritted his teeth and clenched his fists on his knees.
	"Sky, calm down. Don't ruin your relationship with May." Alaya patted Sky's shoulder.
	"Alaya, thank you for coming to see me today. But I have to have a good talk with Sky now. Excuse me." May didn't want Alaya to get her wrong and explained.
	"May, I know. I can only stay here for a while too and have to pick up Jasmin. She is learning English." Alaya said to Sky again, "Sky, talk with May. I'll go first."
	Sky nodded, and Alaya then left with relief.
	It was quiet. Neither May nor Sky spoke first this time. They were trying to calm down.
	"Sky, do you know that Sophie is also here today?" May calmed down before speaking slowly.
	"Really?" Sky obviously didn't know about it, "She said she wanted to go back to the Linder family's villa. Maybe she came over to see you temporarily."
	Because Sophie was pregnant, the Tanner family cherished her very much. She had offered to come to see May. But everyone said that there were a lot of people in the hospital. It was not suitable for a pregnant woman. It was also not good for her and the baby. So, they asked her to stay at home.
	"When she came over, Rose was also here..." May told Sky what had just happened, "Sky, did we misunderstand Rose? With her nature, she would never have done anything to hurt and betray you like that. Why did she suddenly give birth to a child? ... She must have encountered things that she could not deal with, or she might have her own difficulties."
	"And Sophie, I think she has something to hide from us. This is my intuition. I will never harm you. You are my son. So, Sky, you must be more careful."
	"Mom, what kind of difficulties can Rose have, so that she gave birth to someone else's child behind my back?" The moment Rose was mentioned, Sky would recall the scene five years ago when she was discharged from the hospital with her baby in her arms, which made his heart tremble with pain, "It was she who left me when I needed her most. It was at that time that I saw her true colors."
	"As for Sophie, she is good to me. Now, she's pregnant with my child. Compared to Rose, it's clear that she is better. Mom, maybe the donor really doesn't want to see us. It is not a big deal."
	"I don't believe it." May knew how great the blow Rose had brought to Sky back then.
	"Mom, I believe in Sophie. I only believe in what I have seen. I will not forgive Rose or trust her." Sky reached out and lightly unbuttoned one of the buttons on his shirt. He felt a little out of breath, "Mom, I'm going to go back first."
	He didn't want to talk to May about Rose and didn't even want to hear her name.
	"Sky, mom will never lie to you. Sophie is not as gentle and soft as you see she is." May reminded him once again, "Sky, you are so resistant to Rose because you still can't let her go, right? You cannot believe that she gave up on you when you were in danger and betrayed you!"
	"Sky, you still love her inside."
	"I hate her!" with that, Sky strode to leave without looking back.
	He was in a hurry. When he reached the underground parking lot and got into his car, he didn't drive away immediately. Instead, he leaned back in his seat and closed his eyes to put those annoying things behind himself.
	He told himself not to think about anything or to be affected by anyone.
	But the more he tried to calm down, the more irritated he became.
	He smashed hard on the steering wheel and was annoyed that he still could not calmly face the woman who had hurt him after so many years!
	He was definitely not like his mother said that he could not let go because he still loved her.
	He couldn't let go because he wanted to remind himself not to easily forget her betrayal and injury to him.
	But why was there another voice in his heart saying that this was not the case?
Chapter 199 Mr. Bright Exploits Public Offices for Private Gain
	Sky stroked his face with his hands, unwilling to admit that his hatred for Rose was not pure, but was mixed with too many complex emotions.
	Sky tried hard to calm himself, then drove the car out of the hospital and called his assistant, "Find out who was the one donated the umbilical cord blood and who took the check for two million five years ago."
	For some reason, he suspected and wanted to find out the truth. He still wanted to give himself a reason not to hate her.
	He had been tired in these five years.
	Sky drove back to the Tanner family. Sophie was not at home.
	His father, Sam, had something important to do today and went to play golf with a powerful man.
	He then went upstairs and went to the study to do something, like practicing calligraphy so that he could be in a calm mood.
	Not long after, the assistant called him, "Mr. Sky, I found out that the check for two million has not been taken by now."
	"Okay, I got it." Sky put the brush in his hand on the pen holder and was immersed in thought.
	It seemed that things were really not what he had thought. But he did not want to doubt Sophie, his wife. Sophie was always with him in his hardest time. Besides, she was pregnant now.
	But why hadn't anyone taken this check for five years? Did the donor not care about money or not need money?
	Sky couldn't figure it out. He was so annoyed that he picked up the brush again and continued writing, hoping he could calm down.
	Suddenly, there was someone knocking on the door of the study.
	"Who is it?"
	"Honey, it's me." It was Sophie's voice.
	Sophie then pushed the door in, holding the tray with a bowl of soup on it.
	"Honey, I came back and heard from the servant that you were in the study. So, I come to see you." Sophie smiled harmlessly and sweetly, "The soup has just been made. Drink it while it's warm."
	"You went to the hospital today to see Mom." Sky asked directly and stared at her face to watch her reaction.
	Sophie froze for a second. Then, she walked to him, held his arm, and naturally avoided his gaze, "I had an upset stomach. So, I went to the hospital and saw Mom."
	"But what annoyed me was that I met Rose. I don't know what she said. Mom was nicer to her than to me, her daughter-in-law. I was jealous and in a bad mood. So, I said some offensive words. But I was aiming at Rose, not mom."
	Sophie not only frankly admitted that she had gone to the hospital, but also took the initiative to mention Rose. She even made herself look pitiable and put the blame on Rose.
	"I also heard that you were like a different person." Sky pulled his hand back from hers and then sat down on the leather swivel chair behind him, "You know, it's not worth it to be angry over someone else. Besides, that's my mother. You shouldn't talk like that anyway."
	"Honey, I know I was wrong. So, as soon as I came back, I come to make amends for you with the soup. I heard that women are unstable when they are pregnant. I also don't know what's wrong with me." Sophie took Sky's hand again and shook it lightly, pouting at him. She looked so pitiful that no one could bear to reproach her.
	Sophie's way had been proved effective every time. She knew that men all liked gentle and lovely women and they could not resist the women who acted like a spoiled child.
	Sky had also heard that women were unstable when they were pregnant and could become a different person.
	This was indeed enough to convince him.
	"Today, when I was sorting out the accounts, I found that the two million given to you five years ago to give to the donor has never been withdrawn. How do you explain that?" Sky asked her.
	Once something had started, it could not be stopped.
	Sky was now testing and suspecting Sophie.
	"Honey, the money was given to the donor. It's his right to withdraw it or not, or to use it or not. What does it have to do with me? What if the donor just does not want to use the money?" Sophie was slightly angry and shook off his hand, "Are you doubting me?"
	"I want to know who he is." Then he would not have any suspicion of her.
	"It has been five years. I don't have his contact information and don't know where he has gone." Sophie bit her lips and was upset with Sky for asking such questions, "Honey, what is wrong with you?"
	She thought May must have talked to Sky about what happened today. That was why Sky was asking her about these things.
	"Sophie, we have been together for so long. You already know me well. I hope you won't deceive me. Tell me first if there is anything. We are a couple and there is nothing we can't talk about." Sky just didn't want to recommit the same error.
	But this time, could he really trust Sophie?
	"Honey, I know." Sophie put on a smile again.
	"The most important thing for you now is to protect yourself and the baby."
	"I will."
	Sophie hated Rose even more.
	Rose, who was back to the Linder family's villa sneezed several times in a row, thinking that maybe someone was missing her or cursing her.
	Just as she thought about it, Bright called her, "Are you missing me?"
	"I think you are missing me." Rose lay on the sofa, her slender legs folded at the ankles.
	"You can read my mind?" Bright smiled, "I have good news for you."
	"Actually, I also have good news for you." Rose put on a faint smile.
	"It seems we have consonance." Bright smiled more deeply, "The board of directors of HY Group has agreed to strengthen the development of City H. So, I will come to City H to work for a while and you may finish the Beach Hotel bidding project with me. Is that good?"
	"You're exploiting public offices for private gain." Although Rose said so, she was moved by Bright.
	"I have always been scrupulous in separating public from private interests. It is really necessary for the development of the group." Bright was serious.
	"Liar." Rose chuckled.
	"This time, I can accompany Doris to the parent-child activities. Besides, my dad is also coming to City H." Bright revealed it first so that Rose could be prepared, "He will invite your parents to dinner. This dinner is an imperative. You can't refuse anymore."
	"Why will I refuse?"
	"What's your good news? "
	"I found out today that Timothy and Sophie not only know each other, they actually slept together. The time she tried to drug me..."
Chapter 200 Clear the Decks for Her
	Bright quietly listened to Rose talking about the conversation between Timothy and Sophie that she overheard in the underground parking lot of the hospital today.
	"Are you listening?" Rose didn't hear any reaction from Bright after saying a lot.
	"Yes. I just don't want to interrupt you." Bright shifted position, "Why didn't you tell me that Sophie has schemed against you?"
	"We were unrelated at the time. How could I tell you?" at that time, Rose and Bright had only a contract, no feelings at all. It would be strange if she spilled out her troubles to Bright.
	"Unrelated? Then the marriage certificate is a fake?" Bright softly rubbed his brow, having a little fear after the event, "Fortunately, you're smart."
	"Yes. They even broke up the blind date and found a man with a bad reputation like Timothy. I definitely would be more careful anyway." Being praised by Bright, Rose was happy and proud.
	"It's true that you're not very stupid." Bright chuckled.
	Rose was a little displeased, "Is that a compliment or a sarcasm?"
	"Of course it is a compliment." Bright was effusive in his praise, "Mrs. Lee is beautiful, smart, generous, gentle, and virtuous. I really love you."
	"Come on, don't be so glib." Rose didn't believe his rhetoric, "I'll make sure Sophie gets what she deserves anyway."
	Five years ago, Sophie schemed Rose to betray and abandon Sky. Now, Rose would deal with Sophie as Sophie had done to her.
	"Rose, why do you hate Sophie so much? Because of Sky?" Bright asked her.
	Rose hastily denied, "No. It is just because that she once set me up and ruined my life."
	"Then why did she do it? She did it because of Sky, didn't she?" Bright reminded Rose that as long as they talked about this topic, it would involve Sky.
	Rose was silent for a moment, and then nodded, "Yes. She loved Sky. But at that time, Sky contracted a form of marriage with me. So, Sophie did everything she could to hurt me and frame me. I was just twenty years old that year. But everyone abandoned me. Isolated and helpless, I felt that everything just seemed to cave in on top of me at that moment ... So, I can't just let her go."
	"I'm not saying this to make you pity me. I just want to tell you that even if you mind and object, I will not stop. This is what Sophie owes me and what she deserves."
	"Why would I object to that?" Bright frowned slightly, "Is that what I am in your eyes?"
	In fact, he was indeed such a person. As long as he thought of that all Rose's emotions were related to Sky, he was very upset.
	But he couldn't show his mind in front of her.
	"You don't object?" Rose thought she had heard wrong.
	"Do you know what I'd like to do right now?" Bright looked up at the clear blue sky.
	"What?" Rose asked.
	"I want to hold you in my arms, now." Bright's tone was soft, "In the future, with me around, no one can bully you. Anyone who bullies you will be avenged by me a thousand times."
	"You are going to deal with Sophie. The grudge between you guys starts with Sky and should end with Sky. Just do anything as you want. I will pave the way for you and clear the decks for you."
	He was too late to participate in her past. But he would cherish her and love her now and in the future.
	"Bright..." Rose whispered his name affectionately.
	His affection to her warmed and moved her.
	"If you want to thank me, just come down." Bright liked hearing her call her name.
	"Where are you?" Rose immediately sat up from the couch, her heart beating fast.
	"At your door. Hurry to come and see me." Bright laughed in a husky voice.
	"Wait for a moment and stand still." Rose put down her phone and hurried to the checkroom to tidy her clothes.
	She checked her make-up and hair carefully to see if there was anything wrong with them. After tidying herself up, she left the room and eased downstairs.
	Rose left the villa and walked to the courtyard. Through the carved gate, she could see the upright figure standing outside.
	She smiled and walked faster. But she slowed down when she was about to reach the door.
	She opened the door and slowly walked out. Bright was about to step forward when Rose stopped him, "I told you to stand still."
	Bright raised his eyebrows slightly, withdrew his long legs, and stood in the shade. The sunlight fell and the light spot appeared between the leaves. Bright looked handsome.
	Rose stepped forward and hugged him frankly, burying her face in his arms and smelling his unique scent, which made her at ease.
	The air had the fresh smell of leaves...
	"Why do you come quietly every time?" Rose looked up in his arms, "Do you want to check on me?"
	"What are you thinking?" Bright wasn't offended by her misunderstanding, "I just wanted to surprise you."
	"What if you don't get the scale right and the surprise turns into a shock?" Rose extended her hand and touched his chin, "I am very weak."
	"Then how dare you hug me tightly in public?" Bright felt the warmth and strength of her palm.
	"You're my husband. Do you want me to hug someone else?" Rose playfully tilted her head, her bright eyes shining, "As long as you don't mind."
	"It would be strange if I don't mind … " Bright looked down and got closer to her.
	Rose smiled lightly and was held by his palm. She could feel the temperature of his dry palm through the fabric of her dress.
	And his breath sprayed over her delicate face, making her ears tickle.
	"Why are you hiding?" Bright felt that her back was pressing against his palm.
	"I'm not hiding." Rose didn't admit it.
	Bright then kissed her lips easily, which was as sweet and fragrant as he remembered. Rose closed her eyes lightly, feeling the heat on her lips because of him.
	His kiss was soft but strong. He was lingering on her lips and tasting her fragrance.
	Bright had intended to give Rose a gentle kiss. But the more he kissed, the more addicted he was. He even wanted to rub her into his bones and was crazy about her.
Chapter 201 I Want to Have a Sister First
	In this broad daylight, at first, Rose was a little nervous and kiss Bright cautiously. She could not completely relax and devoted herself to the kiss. However, Bright refused to let her go and conquered her with his superior kissing skills, letting her feel that they were the only ones left in the world.
	"No wonder mommy snuck out to see daddy. So you just want to kiss daddy."
	Just when they were kissing, Doris appeared from somewhere and looked at them with a naughty smile.
	Rose pushed Bright away when she heard Doris' voice and was a little embarrassed. She reached out to lifted the hair on her cheeks behind her burning ears.
	"Mom, you're blushing." Doris looked at Rose who blushed, "Dad, you guys go on. I will not look at you."
	Doris immediately closed her eyes, covered her little face with her hands, and turned around.
	"What nonsense are you talking about?" Rose scolded her daughter lightly.
	Bright pulled her lightly, then walked towards Doris and pulled down her little hands, "Do you miss Daddy? "
	"Yes." Doris nodded heavily.
	"How do you miss me?" Bright lightly rubbed her nose with his finger.
	"Here, here, and here all miss you..." Doris pointed at her head, her eyes, and her chest.
	"Can you miss me with your eyes too?" Bright was confused.
	"I haven't seen daddy for a long time. So, I want to see daddy." Doris was so cute and could say such amusing words.
	"I see." Bright reached out and picked up Doris in his arms, "Daddy has good news for you. Daddy won't leave right now this time. I'll stay with you until Mommy's work here is done. Let's go back to Daddy's house together."
	"Really?" Doris was overjoyed and wrapped her thin arms around Bright's neck.
	Bright winked at Rose, "See what you have to pack. Then we'll take Doris home."
	"Okay." Rose went back to the Linder family's villa to get her bag, took some clothes for Doris, and left.
	Rose and Doris got into Bright's car and they went to the Asgard Lake Community together.
	As soon as Doris entered the door, she ran through the foyer to the living room and looked at her mommy and daddy, thinking this was the home she wanted.
	"Daddy, is this your house?" Doris looked around and familiarized herself with this new house.
	"This is our house in City H." Bright corrected, "We will stay here for a while before we move to Dad's house in City J. This is also your house from now on."
	Doris understood as Bright took her hand, "Come on. Daddy will show you your room."
	"Great!" Doris followed Bright in the direction of the stairs while turning back to Rose, "Mommy, come along."
	Seeing Doris was so happy, Rose was also happy.
	They went upstairs and walked to the second room. Bright encouraged Doris, "Baby, go open your room yourself."
	Doris glanced at Rose behind her, who gave her an encouraging smile.
	Doris carefully twisted the door handle and opened the door slowly. A world of pink and white appeared in front of her.
	"Wow, it's so beautiful." Doris pushed the door open and walked in.
	She began to look at the room with her big beautiful eyes. The white floor tiles were shining. The walls were painted pink. The floor was covered with a large pink carpet, with pink stools on it.
	What amazed Doris most was that her bed was a castle style bunk bed against the wall. On the right, there was a staircase to climb up. On the left, there was a slide where she could slide down. She was the princess who would live in the castle.
	Besides, her desk, bookcase, and closet were also castle style, which were very beautiful and shocked her.
	The bay window was designed as tatami with pink and white pillows on it. Doris could sit on it and read or lie on it. The pink and white window screens rose and fell gently with the wind.
	A corner of the room was designed as a home for her toys, with pink dolls and her favorite panda doll. The black and white panda was eye-catching in these pink dolls.
	This room was really big and beautiful.
	"Do you like it? Let me know if you don't like anything, and I'll let someone transform it." Bright asked her.
	"Yes, I like it. It's several times bigger than my room in City Y. It's so beautiful, I feel like a princess." Doris especially liked the bed which was like a castle.
	She could wake up in this bed every day. It was like a dream.
	"You're our little princess." Bright squatted down.
	Doris hugged him and kissed him on the face, her eyes shining brightly, "It feels so good to have a daddy!"
	"It also feels good to have a daughter to call me daddy." Bright felt that Doris was like his own daughter. There was no barrier between them.
	Doris ran towards the castle bed and then sat on it and felt it.
	Bright slowly stood up. Rose stepped forward and naturally took his arm, "Thank you for loving her so much."
	"She is my daughter. Who else can I love besides her?" Bright looked down at her, "Are you being over polite to me?"
	"No." Rose smiled and shook her head, "Doris is so happy because of you. I used to think that if I could give her all my love, then she wouldn't want a father. But I was proven wrong. I could give her just what I could give her. But what she wanted wasn't necessarily what I could give her. Now that you've given her what she wanted, I just want to say it's nice to meet you."
	"It's all in the past. I'll be your haven from now on." Bright took her hand and said.
	Doris started to climb the stairs on the right and slide down the left again.
	"Daddy, this is a bunk bed. Should I sleep on the upper berth or lower berth?" Doris ran to Bright.
	"Do as you please." Bright stroked her head.
	"Now that I am the only baby in this house, then I will sleep on the lower berth now. When I have a brother or sister later, I will sleep on the upper berth and let my brother or sister sleep on the lower berth." Doris made the decision.
	"How will you have younger brother or sister?" Rose frowned.
	"Since Daddy and Mommy are married, you of course will have babies." Doris hugged Rose's waist and pressed her face to her belly, "Don't worry. I agree that you have a little baby. But I want a sister first. It's up to you two whether you want to have a son or not."
Chapter 202 Can We Have a Child If We Are Serious?
	Rose looked at the cute little girl who was pampered in her arms. Doris was serious. Although she was young, she was clever.
	Rose stretched out her right index finger and lightly pushed on Doris' forehead, "What does a little kid know?"
	"Mommy, I'm not young. I'm five years old and going to be in elementary school next year. I know a lot." Doris raised her eyebrows, looking like she knew everything.
	"Yes, you know a lot. But this thing..." Rose was interrupted by Bright.
	He reached out and took Rose's hand, "We'll listen to our daughter in this matter."
	Rose elbowed Bright's waist, "What are you talking about? She's just a child."
	"I'm a child. But you also have to respect child. Because I'm a member of this family." Doris felt neglected, "I have rights too."
	"I want a sister anyway. Why don't we have a family meeting and vote by a show of hands?" Doris reached out to tug at Bright's coat, "Daddy, you have to be fair. You can't listen to Mom just because you like her. It's not fair to me."
	"Silly girl. What nonsense are you talking about?" Bright looked at the displeased Doris, "I love mommy the most. But mommy loves Doris the most. So, I love you the most too."
	"Can you tell Daddy why you only like sisters?"
	"Because my sister will be as cute and smart as me. She will also be a girl. But younger brothers are mostly disobedient and very naughty. I don't want to worry about him." Doris said her thought.
	"Then we'll vote now. I want a sister." Doris was the first to raise her hand and cast a vote.
	"I vote for Doris." Bright took Doris' side.
	Rose looked at the two people who were going to get into trouble and spoke to Doris, "Doris, listen, this is not something that can be decided so hastily. A boy or a girl is all a life. It's not as simple as buying cabbage at the market."
	"We have to be responsible for this life. So, we have to think carefully before we decide it. I will discuss this matter with your daddy later."
	Doris did not fully understand, but nodded obediently.
	"Well, then you play here. I'll go talk to Daddy about something." Rose then gave a wink to Bright and told him to follow her out.
	Bright then left the children's room with Rose and went to their bedroom.
	Rose took a deep breath, "You want a baby?"
	"You don't?" Bright asked in reply.
	"I just don't think this is the best time to have another baby. I have a lot of things to do." Rose made an excuse, "And I have no intention of having another child right now."
	"For me, Doris is enough."
	She didn't want to lie to him. So, she spoke frankly. She was selfish and couldn't tell Bright that Doris was his child too and that it was enough for them to have her.
	"If you can't accept that, you can reconsider our relationship. After all, there is still some time before our marriage is over. The contract is still valid now." Rose endured the tinge of pain inside and said such words.
	"Why would you say something like this?" Bright felt Rose had misunderstood him, "I am not one to say one thing and do another. I do love Doris as my own daughter. Otherwise, I would not have admitted last time at the Lee family's villa that Doris was my child."
	"To be honest, I do want a child. Because I have promised my dad that I would give him a grandchild, so that he wouldn't let me have a paternity test with Doris. You know about it too." Bright's Adam's apple moved, "And the time limit was six months."
	"And I know you have a lot of things to do. I'm all for it. If you don't want a child now, we cannot make plans for it now. I can figure out another way to talk to my dad. If you never want a child, then we can do it. But I hope you can understand me and not say such harsh words."
	"Not only will it hurt you, it will hurt me too."
	Rose just looked down, not daring to look at Bright.
	Bright reached out to support her shoulders, "Rose, unless you die, I will never let you go."
	Rose's eyelashes trembled lightly a few times, "Bright, I am not worthy of you."
	She cheated on him and hid something from him... But he was so protective and considerate of her. How could she face him?
	She felt that her liking for Bright was far less than his liking for her, and that she had not given him nearly as much as he had done for her.
	"I'll decide if you are worthy. If I think you are worthy, then you do." Bright took her into his arms, resting his chin lightly on the top of her head, "Just remember that whatever you do, you have me, your husband, behind you. So, go forward bravely. Do what you have to do and don't be soft-hearted. Give them back tit for tat."
	"OK." Rose reached out and hugged him tightly, "Bright, if ... I mean if you find out one day that I have lied to you, what will you do?"
	"Lie to me?" Bright touched her delicate eyebrows, "Rose, you'd better not lie to me. I don't know what I will do. If you do lie to me, then I'll give you a chance to tell me now and I can let it go."
	"So, you have lied to me? You look guilty now."
	"I am not guilty." Rose tried to calm herself down, "It is you who lied to me. We have agreed to divorce and be strangers after three years. Unexpectedly, we're going to live a lifetime now. Who do you think is the liar?"
	"Alright, I lied to you." Bright nodded in agreement, "So, how does Mrs. Lee want to punish me? It is better to be corporal punishment. I'll accept it willingly."
	His eyes, however, fell on the large bed not far away. What he meant was very obvious.
	Rose pretended to know nothing and lifted her wrist to check the time, "It's almost six o'clock. I'll go make dinner."
	"I've asked the part-time maid to make dinner. So, you don't have to worry about it." Bright pulled Rose back who was hastening to leave.
	"Then I'll go and see if it's ready, and give a hand." Rose pulled his hand down, "It is time for Doris to have dinner too. Please tell her to have dinner."
	"Yes, honey." Bright pulled her into his arms and kissed her before releasing her as she wished.
	Rose, who was shy, glared at Bright who had been up to mischief, "You are not serious."
	"Can we have a baby if I am serious?" Bright replied and was poker-faced.
	"Talk to the hand." Rose then ran away.
Chapter 203 Comfort Your Own Husband
	It was the day when the Kindergarten held parent-child activity.
	Doris was very excited. She got up at 6:00 in the morning.
	Bright also got up early because he needed to do exercise in the morning. However, Rose got up at 7:00 in the morning because she was still drowsy.
	Doris and Rose found out the clothes used for parent-child activities and put them on.
	Bright went downstairs after taking a shower. He wore a white T-shirt with a black casual jacket. Although he didn't wear a suit, he looked relaxed and fashionable.
	However, when he went to the kitchen and saw that Doris and Rose, who were having breakfast, were wearing the same parent-child clothes, he felt that he was different from them.
	"Daddy, you look so handsome. But why don't you wear the same clothes as ours?" Doris looked at him and asked, with disappointment in her eyes, "I don't think we look like a real family if we don't wear the same clothes."
	Bright sat down and said to Rose, "You should tell me to wear parent-child clothes. Do you want to make me a fool in front of my daughter?"
	"No, I don't." Rose felt sorry and said, "It was because..."
	"Give me the same parent-child clothes." Bright asked her.
	Rose stopped eating porridge. She felt sorry and didn't dare to see him. She said, "These are the parent-child clothes we bought before. I only bought them for Doris and me at the time, so there is none for you..."
	Rose didn't dare to see him, because she felt he was angry.
	Bright didn't say anything again. He took a bowl of porridge and started having breakfast.
	She knew that he was angry, but she didn't know how to comfort him.
	If she encountered this situation, she would also be angry. It wasn't the weekend today, and he just started his work in City H. For the further development of HY Group, he had a lot of pressure and a lot of work.
	However, he handled all the important tasks first, put other tasks aside, and changed the schedule for the parent-child activity today.
	He was glad because he could join the parent-child activity for Doris and made her feel happier.
	However, he didn't think that she wouldn't prepare the parent-child clothes for him. So he felt bad.
	Rose had been busy with the design of the Beach Hotel during this period. She also forgot to buy him parent-child clothes. This was indeed her fault.
	"Doris, why didn't you remind me to buy parent-child clothes for your dad?" Rose asked Doris.
	Doris said, "Dad never joined the parent-child activity with me before, so I also forgot it."
	She used to join the parent-child activity with her mom before, so she didn't realize that they needed to buy new parent-child clothes for her dad this time.
	"Besides, don't you always prepare the clothes? How can you blame me for this?" Doris said and bit her spoon.
	Dad never joined the parent-child activity with her, so she certainly couldn't think that they should buy him new parent-child clothes.
	Rose didn't know what to say, so she looked at Bright secretly.
	Bright was having breakfast, and he obviously looked angry.
	Rose whispered to Doris, "Your daddy is angry."
	Doris said, "I know."
	"Then you should comfort him. You are his baby, and he loves you so much. I think he will listen to you." Rose asked Doris to comfort Bright.
	She really felt that Bright was angry, which made her feel a bit scared. So she didn't dare to talk with him, and she had to ask Doris to comfort him.
	Because Bright wouldn't be mad at Doris even though he was angry.
	"Why me? Mom, he is your husband, you should comfort him as his wife." Doris looked at Bright secretly and said, "You are his wife, so I think you should comfort him."
	Doris finished breakfast and said, "Dad, mom, I am full. I will wait for you in the living room."
	And she slid off the chair flexibly and ran away.
	Rose looked at her and couldn't say anything.
	She didn't dare to leave, so she had to stay here and pretend to keep having breakfast.
	"How about peeling an egg for you?" Rose took up an egg and then peeled it.
	Bright didn't answer her and kept having breakfast.
	When Rose wanted to put the egg onto his plate, he stood up and said, "I am full."
	"Don't you want to eat an egg?" Rose also stood up and stopped him from getting away.
	"No, thanks." Bright looked at Rose and said, "You are so thin, so you should eat more."
	"I know you are angry." Rose didn't let him go. She put down the egg and then held the corner of his clothes with her hands and said, "It's my fault. I should remember to buy you the same parent-child clothes. But I have been busy these days, so I forgot. Please forgive me."
	"No way. It's serious." Bright held her hands and looked at her seriously, "We need to join the parent-child activity today, and the kindergarten requires us to wear parent-child clothes. Doris and you wear the same. However, as her dad, I don't have the same clothes. I don't think it is right."
	"If they know who I am, they will think that I do it on purpose, and I don't want to join the activity at all. Certainly, I don't care about it. However, it is important to Doris. If she hears something bad from others, she might be sad."
	"Rose, you should know it is serious."
	Rose didn't know what to say again.
	"Yes, I know it's serious. But what should we do now? It is still early that the clothing stores have not opened yet. We all have white shirts and black pants. I think we can wear white shirts and black pants uniformly. What do you think?" This was the only way she could figure out.
	His cell phone rang at that moment, and when he heard the words from the other end of the call, he knitted his brows slightly and said, "Okay, I'll be right there."
	He hung up and was ready to leave. Rose followed him and asked, "Where are you going?"
Chapter 204 Your Dad Will Keep His Promise
	Bright didn't turn back. He was in a hurry and answered, "I have to deal with something urgent now."
	"Bright, what about the activity? You have promised Doris and said that you will join the activity with her. This is the first time you join the parent-child activity with her. You can't go back on your words because you are angry with me." Rose didn't want to disappoint Doris.
	Doris was so happy because her dad could join the activity together with her. She hoped that she could also have a dad like any other kids; she hoped that she could have a dad who loved her so much. So Rose didn't want to make her sad because her dad couldn't join the activity because of work.
	"It's my fault. Please don't be mad at Doris." She said to him.
	Bright signed when he saw that her eyes turned red. He touched her eyes and said, "I certainly will join the activity with Doris. I just need to do something urgent now. And I will join the activity as soon as I finish it. OK?"
	"Don't cry. Doris would think that I am bullying you. Do you want to make her get me wrong?"
	Rose said quickly, "I don't mean that."
	"Then show me a smile." Bright said to her with a smile.
	And Rose also smiled.
	"That's good. Don't cry in front of Doris." Bright held her hands and said, "You should go to find Doris now."
	"How long will it take to handle your work?" Rose was worried that he couldn't join the activity on time.
	Bright checked the time on his watch and said, "Up to two hours. I will come as soon as possible. Don't worry."
	"What happened on earth? Why do you need to handle it right now?" Rose kept asking him.
	"It's really urgent, so I have to handle it right now." Bright had no choice, "I must go now..."
	"Well, I got it. Please remember to join the activity as soon as possible." Rose took more into consideration the child's feelings, "Or she will be sad."
	"I know." Bright nodded and then went to the living room together with Rose.
	Doris stood up from the sofa when she saw them and said, "Dad, mom, shall we go now?"
	"Yes." Rose said.
	"Let's go, sweetheart." Bright held her in his arms and went out of the house.
	After getting in the car, Bright drove them to the kindergarten by himself.
	They needed to gather at the kindergarten at 8 o'clock, and then took a bus to the suburban farm for the parent-child activity. For children, this was a process of learning and growth. It also allowed parents to have the opportunity to accompany their children to enjoy time and learn knowledge, and made their parent-child relationship closer.
	Rose got off the car with Doris, but Bright didn't get off the car. Doris looked at Bright in puzzlement and asked, "Dad, why don't you go with us?"
	"Dear, please go to the suburban farm with your mom by taking the bus first. I will go to buy parent-child clothes for us now. And I will go to the suburban farm to join the activity with you as soon as I buy the clothes. OK?" Bright had to lie to her so that she wouldn't feel disappointed or sad.
	"Well, we will wait for you on the suburban farm." Doris didn't doubt him, "Dad, you must pay attention to safety when driving."
	"OK. And you also need to follow your mom's order." Bright gave them a wave and then drove away.
	After he left, Rose went into the Kindergarten with Doris.
	When they went into Kindergarten, a teacher said to the parents, "Please take your children to the playground to line up according to your class. We are about to set off."
	"Our class is there." Doris rushed to the class with Rose and said, "I see Wyatt."
	They joined the class and then lined up. Wyatt and his dad stood in front of them.
	When Wyatt saw Doris, he immediately let go of Matthew's hand and went towards Doris and said to her, "Doris, Aunt Rose. We have been waiting for you for a long time. I was really afraid you wouldn't join the activity."
	"You are such a fool. It is so funny in the parent-child activity, so I certainly will join it." Doris lightly tapped his forehead.
	And Wyatt touched his forehead and smiled, "That's good."
	"I certainly will join it." Doris said again.
	"Don't you dad join the activity together with you? Why doesn't he come here?" Wyatt noticed that Doris came to the Kindergarten with his mom when they arrived at the playground.
	"It's none of your business." Doris said, "My dad will join the activity later."
	"Well." Wyatt nodded and then said to Matthew, "Dad, could you come with me? I want to line up behind Doris, so that I can talk with her."
	Matthew had to follow him and lined up behind Doris and Rose.
	"Hi, Matthew." Rose greeted first. Although she was Bright's wife, she had to respect him because he was her higher-up.
	Matthew nodded and said, "Why doesn't Mr. Bright join the activity with you?"
	"He has something urgent, so he needs to handle it first. And he will join the activity in the suburban farm later." Rose told him the truth.
	"Well." Matthew and Wyatt wore a white shirt with green sleeves and green pants, with a green dinosaur on the shirt and pants.
	Wyatt liked dinosaurs, so he had many clothes with dinosaurs.
	Then, under the leadership of the teachers, the parents and children of each class got on the bus one after another.
	The car was driven smoothly all the way to a farm in the suburbs.
	It lasted fifty minutes on the way. When they arrived at the farm, they had a rest. The parent-child activity would start at 9:30.
	As the activity was about to begin, Doris felt a little nervous. She held Rose's hand and said, "Mom, will Dad come?"
	"Yes, he will. He will keep his promise. He will do it because he has promised you. We should trust him." Rose was also a bit anxious, but she had to calm down and comfort Doris.
	Doris trusted her and said, "OK, we should trust dad."
	At 9:20, the teachers wanted to select two group leaders among the children. One was a girl and the other one was a boy.
	Doris raised her hand first and wanted to be a group leader.
	And then the teachers asked her to be the group leader. Wyatt didn't dare to raise his hand, but he felt very happy because Doris had been chosen as one of the group leaders.
	Doris was the group leader for the girls. After lining up, the parent-child activity started at 9:30.
	The first game was the tug of war. The children were put into two groups with an average number of children. After the teachers counted to three, they would start to pull the rope with all of their strength. Initially, the strength of these two groups is similar...
Chapter 205 No Father Makes You Ill-bred
	Finally, the Doris group lost in the first round.
	But there were three rounds in total, so they had two chances later. Rose comforted Doris, "It's fine, dear. We can do better later."
	"Well."
	Finally, the group of Doris only won one round, so they lost. The other group won, and every child in the group got a little red flag.
	Doris was a bit disappointed. Rose, Wyatt and Matthew comforted her.
	It was normal to win or lose in games, and they had chances to get the red flag later in other games.
	Doris forgot about it soon.
	At this time, the teachers took them to visit the vegetable base of the farm, and let the children learn about all kinds of food and vegetables in life.
	The teachers gave them a book and asked them to find out the vegetables according to the book, and then took pictures and sent the pictures to the WeChat group. If they finished the task, they could get two little red flags; otherwise, they could only get one little red flag.
	And then Doris and Wyatt went to find out the vegetables, and Rose and Matthew followed them.
	The first one was wax gourd. They could recognize it easily. And then they needed to find eggplant, tomato and so on.
	"Mom, I learned so many vegetables. And I like all of them." Doris felt hungry when she saw tomatoes.
	"Mom, I finally distinguish between leeks and wheat." Doris felt fulfilled.
	"I also learned what green Chinese onion and garlic bolt are." Wyatt also said.
	"Look, these vegetables are planted by farmers with hard work, so we shouldn't waste any grains and vegetables in the future."
	"OK. I won't waste them in the future."
	They took 40 minutes to finish the task of finding out the vegetables according to the book and taking pictures.
	Doris was very happy when she got two little red flags.
	The teachers asked them to play freely for ten minutes and then gather to prepare for the next game. It was a three-person leggings game.
	Both Doris and Wyatt felt bored, because Doris had no dad and Wyatt had no mom when playing this game.
	When they lived in City Y before, Aunt Jane would help them to play this game. Now, Aunt Jane was not here, so Wyatt didn't know how to play this game.
	Rose poured the water from the kettle into the lid, and then handed it to Doris, "Drink some water."
	Doris took over the lid with water and said, "Mom, I need to go."
	"Me too." Wyatt always followed Doris no matter what she wanted to do.
	Matthew and Rose sat there.
	Matthew took a bottle of water and gave it to Rose, "Drink some water."
	"No, thanks. I have water." Rose took out a bottle of purified water from her backpack and said, "You can keep it for Wyatt and yourself."
	Matthew took back the water and drank it by himself, and then he looked at Rose again.
	Rose knew that he had something to talk about with her, so she said, "Matthew, what's wrong?"
	"Will Mr. Bright come here later?" Matthew asked her about it again and looked at her, "It will be good if he can come to join the activity. If he can't join the activity on time, I think we can play the three-person leggings game together. Because every family needs three people for this game, we can help each other to play this game. Certainly, we just do it to make our children happy. I don't want to make them disappointed."
	"I understand." Rose checked the time and she didn't make sure whether Bright would come to join the activity or not, so she answered, "Well, I also think we can help each other to play this game late, so that our children won't be disappointed."
	When Doris came out of the toilet, she was surrounded by several children. The children said, "Doris, didn't you say that your dad would come to join this activity with you? Why doesn't he come here today?"
	"My dad has something to do for now, and he will come here later."
	"It's almost noon. I don't think he will come later."
	"I heard that you don't have a dad at all."
	"Nonsense! I have a dad. Wyatt knows him."
	Wyatt nodded with agreement and said, "I saw her dad before, and he looked very handsome."
	"Wyatt, she must lie to you. She has no dad at all."
	"Yes. Doris, you told a lie. How can you have Wyatt lie, too?"
	"We don't lie to you. We just tell you the truth."
	"You are a liar!"
	"No, we aren't."
	"Doris, you have no dad, and Wyatt has no mom. How about asking your mom and his dad to play the three-person leggings game together?"
	"You are so bad."
	Doris was so angry and she walked towards to push the child who was the most arrogant.
	And then the child fell down on the ground and started to cry, "Doris hit me! Doris hit me!"
	She yelled while crying, and soon attracted many people's attention.
	Some children went to tell Rose about it.
	"What?" Rose quickly stood up and followed the child to see what was happening.
	Matthew also hurriedly followed them. When he reached the toilet, he saw a bit chubby girl sitting on the ground and cried loudly.
	"Oh, my sweetheart. Have you been hurt??"
	One of the teachers got there and learned what had happened. And then she said to Doris, "Doris, it's impolite to push your classmate over. You should say sorry to Erica Read."
	"I admit that I did push her, but I don't think I could push her over with my strength just now. She fell down on the ground on purpose. So I won't apologize to her." Doris said firmly.
	"Ms., look, she is so impolite! She pushed Erica over and even argued with you. How can she do that?" Erica's mother was very angry, so she blamed Doris.
	The teacher was also unsatisfied when Doris said so. She said to Doris again, "Doris, it's your fault because you push her first. So you must apologize to her."
	"She said that I had no father, and that I was a liar. But I have father." Doris kept arguing with her.
	"As expected, no father makes you ill-bred. Ms., as we all know, our family have donated so much money to the Kindergarten. I think you should dismiss a child like her, or she will have a bad impact on other children." Erica's mother said proudly.
	"Well, I don't think you should talk so much like that." Erica's father held Erica in his arms.
	Erica's mother dressed up with jewelry, and she even wore a ring with a big ruby on one of her fingers. It seemed that she showed off on purpose.
	After hearing that, Rose walked forwards to protect Doris and said, "I am her mother. Please be polite to us."
	"Why? Your daughter pushed Erica over first. Why should we be polite to you?" Erica's mother argued with her.
	"I have dad. My dad will come here later because he has promised me." Doris said that again.
	"Yes, I will come here because I have promised you." Among the crowds, Rose heard a familiar voice. And then she saw Bright walking under the sun when she looked back.
Chapter 206 No One Can Bully Them
	Everyone, including Doris, Rose, Wyatt and Matthew, looked at Bright. At that time, most people were shocked because he looked so powerful.
	"Dad." Doris broke free of Rose's hand and ran towards Bright happily, and then went into his arms, "You are finally here."
	Bright held her in his arms and said to her kindly, "My sweetheart, I am so sorry, I am late and make you misunderstood by your classmates. It's my fault. Since I am here, I won't allow anyone to bully you for no reason."
	"Dad, I know you are busy. I can understand you. But don't underestimate me. I won't allow anyone to bully me." Doris said strongly because she didn't want her parents to worry about her.
	"My sweetheart, you are so tough." Bright held her hand and walked towards the crowds with her.
	He wore white parent-child clothes with a panda pattern and black sleeves and black pants. It was the face of a panda on the front of the clothes and the back of the panda on the back of the clothes. It looked so cute. However, Bright still looked handsome and powerful by wearing it.
	Since he looked so powerful, no one dared to look at him directly.
	"Mr. Bright." Matthew greeted him with respect.
	Some people weren't calm anymore when they saw Matthew respected him so much. As it was a private kindergarten for nobility, most people knew Matthew. So they had to think about who Bright was.
	"Who said that my daughter had no father just now?" Bright looked around and then looked at the Read family.
	It made Erica's mother tremble.
	"Your daughter pushed my daughter over." Erica's mother said.
	"Why did she push your daughter? I don't think she would push your daughter for any reason. So I want to know the reason why she pushed her." Bright said in a low voice, but it really sounded serious.
	"Uncle, Doris pushed her because Erica said that Doris had no dad, and she even said that Doris and I were liars. She said we should ask my father and Doris' mother to play the three-person leggings game together because I have no mother and Doris has no father..." Wyatt explained it to Bright simply.
	After Wyatt explained it, many people were surprised. Matthew was also angry, he said, "Mr. Read and Mrs. Read, how can you discipline your child in this way? I don't think she is better than my daughter, though she has a mother and father."
	"Mr. Matthew, it was a mistake." Mr. Read said and then asked his daughter, who was crying in his arms, "Erica, did you say so?"
	Erica frowned and then cried loudly again.
	"Nonsense! I don't think my daughter would say that." Mrs. Read felt sad when she saw her daughter crying, "How can you bully a child like this?"
	"What are you talking about?" Bright was more angry when he heard that, "They are my wife and my daughter, I, Bright Lee, won't allow anyone to bully them."
	Bright Lee? Was it the Lee family in City J?
	After hearing the name of Bright, Mr. Read was shocked.
	Bright Lee was famous in the business circle, so everyone knew him, unless he or she was an ignorant person.
	And Mrs. Read was such a person who was ignorant. She said, "I don't allow anyone to bully my daughter, either."
	"Shut up." Mr. Read blamed her and then played up to Bright with a smile, "Mr. Bright, my daughter was impolite just now. I will discipline her later. Please forgive her."
	"Why? Why should my daughter be bullied like that?" Bright looked at Doris kindly.
	"I am so sorry for that. I will ask Erica to apologize to your daughter right now." Mr. Read said hurriedly.
	And then he put his daughter down and said, "Dear, you shouldn't have talked to her like that. So you should apologize to her."
	Erica shook her head and hid at the back of Mrs. Read, "No, I won't apologize to her... Mom, I don't want to apologize to her."
	"His daughter pushed her first. Why should we need to apologize to them?" Mrs. Read argued with them for her daughter.
	"It was because our daughter cursed them like that. So she must apologize." Mr. Read was so anxious.
	"So what? At least my daughter didn't beat them. It's more serious because she pushed my daughter." Mrs. Read didn't agree with her husband, so she argued with him.
	"Doris didn't beat her. She just pushed her shoulder lightly, and then Erica fell down on the ground by herself." Wyatt explained it again.
	"You are just a child, I don't think what you say is credible." Mrs. Read snorted lightly.
	"Your daughter is also a kid. I don't think what she says is credible, either." Matthew sneered and said, "Mrs. Read, you can't go too far."
	"I think you guys go too far." Mrs. Read argued with them again while looking at Matthew and Bright.
	"Since you think so, I may push harder." Bright looked cold, "It's your responsibility to educate your own kid as parents. I won't blame a kid. However, as her parents, you should take this responsibility."
	"Mr. Read, I also think that you should pay some price, otherwise, you won't know how to educate your own kid well." Matthew couldn't stand her anymore, because she was so arrogant. So he needed to give her a lesson.
	"What do you want to do?" Mrs. Read was a bit afraid now.
	"Let's listen to the kids first." Rose wanted to know the truth first, "Ms., could you ask the kids whether Wyatt lied just now?"
	"OK." The teacher was scared because of Bright and Matthew, she didn't dare to annoy them.
	"Kids, listen to me. Can you tell whether Wyatt told us the truth just now? Please be brave and tell me the truth. I'll protect you." The teacher asked the children.
	"Yes, Wyatt just told the truth. It's true that Erica curse Doris first." One kid raised his hand and said. And then some children agreed with him.
	"Since Doris came to our Kindergarten, most of us liked playing with her. Erica thought that we didn't like playing with her because of Doris, so we didn't like her."
	"When Doris came to our Kindergarten, she gave us signed photographs of Burningboys. However, Erica said that those photographs were fake, and she even threw them away."
Chapter 207 Send Her to a Better Kindergarten
	"Erica fell down on the ground on purpose just now. Doris never bullied anyone in our Kindergarten."
	"Erica didn't allow us to play with Doris, otherwise, she would be angry and curse us."
	"Erica often bullies our classmates. And she said her father called Kairo and he was really wealthy."
	"So most of us didn't like playing with her."
	"..."
	Most children started to tell the truth.
	After the children complained, Mr. Read and Mrs. Read felt bad and embarrassed. However, Mrs. Read didn't think it was her daughter's fault.
	"You guys... You guys all talked nonsense! Did Doris and Wyatt ask you to say that?" Mrs. Read was very angry and blamed the children.
	"Mrs. Read, please calm down. You will scare the children." The teacher was dissatisfied.
	"Mrs. Read, how can you accuse my child?"
	"Most children said that it was your daughter's fault. Do you think all of them lied? I don't think so."
	"You... You..." Mrs. Read was too angry to say anything, "You guys are too bad!"
	"Shut up!" Mr. Read was angry and shook his head with resignation.
	"They bully our daughter now!" Mrs. Read wanted to protect her own daughter.
	"Shut up!" Mr. Read interrupted her with anger.
	"If..." Mr. Read warned her, "If you dare to say anything again, I will divorce you!"
	Mrs. Read was shocked for a while and then she said, "How can you say that? Why don't you try your best to protect our daughter? How can you divorce me? You bastard!"
	"Yes, I am a bastard! But I don't want to be so poor like Timothy Fan!" Kairo didn't want to offend Bright, because he didn't want to get abject failure like Timothy.
	Mrs. Read stopped crying at once and she was very shocked, "What… What are you talking about?"
	Mr. Read didn't answer her. He walked closer to Bright and stood in front of Bright. However, he didn't dare to look at Bright and he felt scared because Bright really looked cold.
	"Mr. Bright, I'm... I'm so sorry. It's our fault. Please forgive us." Mr. Read said with respect, "My daughter doesn't know anything, she's innocent. As a father, I think you can understand me. Please don't blame her."
	"I think it's your responsibility because you didn't educate your child well." Bright was still angry and said, "She is a little kid, but she has been so snobbish. I think it will have a bad impact on other children. Since you love your daughter so much, I think you'd better send her to another better kindergarten."
	However, this was the best Kindergarten in this city. If their daughter left this kindergarten because of this matter, they were afraid that she would be admitted to any other kindergartens.
	But if they didn't do so, Bright wouldn't let them go.
	Therefore, Mr. Read had to agree, "Fine, we'll leave here."
	"I don't want to go to another kindergarten." Erica refused in whispers.
	Mrs. Read realized that Bright was probably a big shot, so she had to say to Erica, "Dear, if you don't want to go, you should apologize to Doris and ask for forgiveness. And then you can ask her to persuade her father."
	Erica glanced at Doris. She said that she would never ask Doris for help. If she apologized to her in front of their classmates, she would be embarrassed, and no one would listen to her in the future.
	"Only by doing this can you stay here."
	Erica bit her lip and then walked towards Doris. Finally, she pinched her fingers with her head down and said, "Doris, I'm sorry. Please forgive me. Can you ask your father to let me stay here?"
	Doris got down from her father's arms and looked at Erica who was standing in front of her and said, "Erica, I can forgive you for what you did. But you should ask our classmates whether they can forgive you."
	"I can't forgive her. Because she bullied me and Doris." Wyatt said first.
	"I can't forgive her, either. She bullied me before."
	"We don't want to forgive her."
	"Mr. Bright, please drive her away."
	...
	"Yes, she should go to another kindergarten, or she will bully our children."
	Finally, all of the parents agreed with Bright and asked her to transfer to another kindergarten.
	Obviously, Erica was indeed unwelcome in the class. And most children were unwilling to forgive her or accept her.
	And then Erica started crying again...
	"Mr. Read, as you can see, the children and their parents are unwilling to forgive her. I don't think your daughter should stay here anymore. So you'd better send her to another kindergarten, and it will be good for her. If she stays, she won't be happy."
	"I think you will know what to do." They knew that no matter what they said, Bright wouldn't allow them to stay here. Bright continued, "Mr. Read, please think twice."
	Mr. Read lowered his head, and Mrs. Read held Erica in her arms and felt upset like a loser.
	Everyone was very satisfied with this result.
	"Ms., it's time to play games."
	"Yes, let's gather together."
	Bright took off the backpack from his back and handed it to Rose and said, "There are clothes for you and Doris inside. Change it."
	Rose took over the backpack and held Doris' hand, "Dear, let's go to change our clothes."
	"Is it the same as that of my dad?" Doris asked while blinking at her beautiful eyes.
	"Of course. We are family, right?" Bright touched her head gently, and he looked nice now.
	In a word, no one dared to offend Bright because he was kind to his family while being merciless to his enemies.
	"Dad, I love you." Doris held his hand and asked him to squat down, and then she kissed his face.
	Bright smiled kindly, as if being bathed in warm sunshine.
	The other parents and the Read family finally knew that Doris had dad and her dad was really powerful, and her dad could do everything for her and wouldn't allow anyone to bully her.
	Those who had looked down on Doris or bullied her all felt ashamed.
	"Doris, I am sorry. Because of Erica, I often bullied you before. But I won't do that again. Are you willing to make friends with me?"
	A child apologized to Doris sincerely.
	"Doris, I also want to apologize to you."
	...
	"Doris is my best friend. You guys can just be her ordinary friends." Wyatt stood in front of them and said.
	"Yes, you are my best friend." Doris laughed.
	And then Doris and Rose went to change clothes. After they changed clothes, they stood together with Bright. And Doris liked the clothes with panda patterns most.
	They looked so pretty.
Chapter 208 The Parent-child Activity Ended Successfully
	After the wrangle just now, the children gathered again and started playing games.
	The children were divided into two groups for the three-person leggings game, and they could get a red flag for everyone in their group if they won.
	After the children lined up, the teacher said, "Ready!"
	And then the first teams of two groups started as soon as the teacher blew the whistle.
	Bright, Rose and Doris were in the last team. Bright helped them fasten the foot straps and took good care of them carefully. Many people admired Rose because they thought that her husband really loved her, though he was a big potato in business.
	It was heard that he was a tough character in business. Unexpectedly, he was so tender in private.
	It was Matthew and Wyatt's turn to play this game. However, they had no way to play this game because there were only Matthew and Wyatt. They had to ask someone for help, otherwise, they had to quit.
	"Dad, what should we do?" Wyatt was anxious. It was hard for him to play this game every time, but he really wanted to join it.
	"I think we can join another game later." Matthew didn't want to bother any other people, so he didn't want to ask anyone for help to play this game.
	"But I want to join it. Actually, I really wanted to join it every time." Wyatt felt sad.
	"We have played this game before. Wyatt, sometimes you shall learn to give up." Matthew touched his head kindly.
	"Yes, dad." Wyatt had to give up.
	When Doris saw that Wyatt was upset, she held her parents' hands and said, "Dad, mom, can we help Wyatt? He helped me just now, so I think I should help him."
	Rose looked at Matthew and Wyatt and also felt sorry for them. She said, "Dear, can we help them?"
	"Do you want to help them?" Bright asked her with his arms around his chest.
	"I think we should help them. If you don't want to do it, I can do it by myself." Rose said with a smile.
	"Do you think I am mean? Do you think I am not willing to help them?" Bright said with dissatisfaction.
	"No, I don't think so. I just think that I can do it by myself." Rose didn't want to show her real thoughts.
	"I know you do think so." Bright said.
	Rose smiled guiltily. No matter what she was thinking about, Bright could guess it.
	"No, I really don't think so." Rose didn't admit it, "I'm going to help them now."
	At this time, Bright held her arm and looked at her leg which was fastened together with one of Doris' legs with the foot straps and said, "One of your legs has been fastened with the foot straps. I think I can help them, too."
	"Are you sure?" Rose thought that it was unbelievable, "Please be a gentleman, OK?"
	"Am I really terrible?" Bright felt unsatisfied, "Doris, do you also think I am terrible?"
	"No. I think you are a superman." Doris looked at him with admiration.
	Bright turned to Rose and whispered, "See? Doris said I am a superman."
	And then he looked at Rose proudly, which made Rose feel embarrassed.
	"Well, you should be a gentleman in front of our daughter." She pushed him lightly and said, "If you don't want to help them, I really can do it by myself. Otherwise, they can't join the game."
	"I certainly can do it." Bright said, "Stay here and wait for me."
	"Come on, dad! You must win." Doris said to him.
	And then he walked towards Matthew and Wyatt.
	Matthew and Wyatt were talking with the teacher, "Ms., we want to quit."
	"Well..." Before the teacher finished speaking, Bright said to them, "Ms., I can help them. Then they don't need to quit."
	"Mr. Bright?" Matthew was a bit surprised when he heard that.
	"Uncle, are you really willing to help us? Wyatt felt glad again.
	"Sure." Bright nodded with agreement, "Thanks for helping Doris just now. You are so kind. So I want to help you, too."
	"That's great. Thank you, uncle Bright." Wyatt made a bow to him.
	"Thanks a lot. I hope it won't take you too much time."' Matthew watched Rose and Doris while talking.
	"We are the last team in our group. So I have enough time to help you join the game first." Bright had enough time because it wasn't their turn to join the game.
	"Thank you, Mr. Bright." Matthew showed his appreciation to him.
	"Wyatt is really brave, I would like to show my appreciation to him." Bright really appreciated Wyatt, "And, he is Doris' best friend."
	And then, Matthew and Wyatt could join the game again. Bright and Matthew joined the game together with Wyatt, which made Wyatt really happy and even excited. He didn't seemed to care about the result, because it was more important that he could join it.
	Doris cheered for Wyatt loudly.
	After a while, Bright had to join the game together with Rose and Doris.
	They cooperated with each other when playing this game. It was the first time for Bright to join this game, but he did it easily and they finally won.
	Under his leadership, they walked faster than other teams and arrived at the destination smoothly. Finally, they won and got the red flags.
	At noon, they had lunch, which was a buffet prepared on the farm, and they took their own meals and vegetables.
	The vegetables were taken from the farm, which were healthy and nutritious.
	Certainly, it was the first time that Bright enjoyed such a kind of buffet.
	Rose didn't think that he would like this kind of buffet, so she said, "If you don't like these foods, I can give you some bread and biscuits.
	"No. As parents, we should do it better. So I can't waste the food." Although he didn't like these foods, he wanted to be a good model.
	Rose was still worried about him.
	However, Bright looked so refined and elegant even though he was having lunch with this kind of food in such an environment.
	After lunch, they took a rest for more than one hour. At 2:00pm, they started to feed some animals on the farm, such as chicken, ducks, sheep, cows and rabbits, and so on.
	Next, they went to the sandpit to paint, grind beans with a stone, and finally played a maze game...
	At last, they could take some carrots home according to the number of red flags they got.
	And then the parent-child activity ended successfully.
Chapter 209 Is a Lifetime Enough?
	After the parents-child party, Rose and Bright devoted themselves to their own jobs again.
	The bid date of Beach Hotel invested by the Linder family and the Tanner family was approaching.
	However, Rose not only needed to implement her own job, but also needed to pay attention to Sophie who colluded with Timothy to murder her. Of course, she would not let them off.
	Sky was the one who Sophie cared most. The best way to take revenge on her was to let Sky see her shabby side and make her painful as Rose used to be.
	No matter how busy she was, she would keep driving her daughter to and from school by herself, and without special circumstances, Bright would go with her.
	As for household duties, they had employed an hourly employee to help them cook and do cleaning, which also reduced their burdens.
	After dinner, they went for a walk with Doris.
	Not until they put the kid to sleep, did they take a bath and lie on the bed comfortably.
	Lit up by a lamp dimly glowing yellow, Bright held Rose in his arms and asked, "A penny for your thoughts."
	"Nothing." Rose shook her head, not tending to let him know her plan.
	"About Timothy and Sophie?" Bright had known her very well.
	Rose froze when hearing that. She was so transparent in front of him.
	"Hey! How could you know everything?" Rose was dissatisfied and turned her face towards Bright, "Can you leave me some places for privacy?"
	"Your body has already been mine. What privacy do you need?" Bright snickered, with his eyes shining like a star in the dark.
	"Damn!" Rose was ready to turn her back, "I am so tired. Good night."
	However, Bright stopped her from turning and said, "As you said before, Sophie and Timothy would meet again. And if we tail after her during this time, we must gather evidence of her infidelity. Right?"
	"It seems to be the best way by now." Rose had to admit.
	"Let me do it! You just focus on your work." Bright held her tighter.
	"You?" Rose's eyebrows twitched.
	"What? Do not trust me? Or afraid that I have other purposes?" Bright looked at her face seriously.
	"No. Aren't you busy either?" said Rose.
	"No matter how busy I am, your business is just my business." Bright changed to lie on the bed and said, "I have had someone follow Sophie these days. Once she has any further action, I will be able to show you the evidence. As for how you are going to deal with it, it depends on you."
	"I know you care about me, but this is my own feud with Sophie. I want to solve it by myself without your help." Rose understood he did this out of the goodness of his heart, but she did not want to accept it.
	"I don't want myself to be over-dependent on you because your protection will prevent me from being stronger. I used to be naïve so that Sophie was able to hurt me. During these five years, I have experienced so much that I have got growing up and stronger than ever…"
	"I am afraid that with your protection I will be soft again and I will look down upon myself like that. The real strength comes from personal growth. Hope you'll understand me."
	Her eyebrows gradually knitted in a frown. She was afraid that one day she would fall down without his help. Once meeting such misfortune again, she could never stand up again.
	Therefore, she did not want herself to be fully dependent on Bright and only in such way could she truly protect herself.
	"Alright." Bright could understand her.
	He turned to stare at her eyes, caressing her hair with a sense of pain and mercy.
	"I have not done enough so that you can't feel 100% safe and put down the pains in mind." He smiled, "It will make me feel incapable."
	Bright could handle anything except the sense of security she needed. It really frustrated him that he was not allowed to enter her world.
	"Come on." Rose held his hand and became anxious, "You are excellent enough. Don't blame yourself. It's I that do not want to depend on others so much."
	"I am different from others and I have been proving you such a truth." Bright sighed with resignation.
	"I know you are different and I have never thought that you didn't do well, but I need more time." Rose admitted that she was still weak and scrupulous.
	"No hurry. We have enough time. Is a lifetime enough?" Bright patted her frowned brows with his fingertip, trying to get her rid of trouble. He continued to say, "If not, we also have next lifetime and still the next."
	"Great!" Rose took the initiative to hold his waist and nodded feelingly and thankfully.
	Bright smiled and kissed her on her forehead, "Good night, honey."
	Rose closed her eyes in his arms and Bright turned off the lamp. Eventually, the bedroom plunged into darkness.
	Bright handed over all about the private detective to Rose the next day she went to work and let her arrange and make decision by herself.
	"If you need my help. Just feel free to tell me." Bright also reminded, "Safety is the priority. If you face any danger, don't do it yourself, or I won't forgive you."
	"Okay. Got it." Rose behaved gently.
	Until 2am, Rose got the text from the detective that ‘Hi Mrs. Lee, Sophie has already gone out.'
	‘Follow her and don't lose her or be discovered, or it will be tougher in the future. This is just my personal concern and I truly trust your capability.' Rose replied immediately.
	She had been waiting for such a long time, hoping that Sophie's further action could give her more powerful evidences.
	‘I will do it well.'
	‘Thanks for your hard work.'
	A black limousine slowly drove out from the Tanner family's villa and the detective followed it in his car. The limousine stopped until it reached the famous maternity hospital.
	Sophie got off from the limousine, wearing a pair of sunglasses, a hat and a pair of flat shoes. It would be awfully hard to recognize her if one was not familiar with her.
Chapter 210 Fight like Kilkenny Cats at the Worst
	The limousine left after Sophie said something to the driver.
	She was seen to walk straight to the VIP obstetrics clinic and entered for a check.
	In the hospital she spent an hour finishing the production inspection, and then she left the hospital and took a taxi on her own.
	The detective was still following her and later Sophie chose to get off at the side of the road.
	She pulled down her hat and hurried over with her head down. Through several corners, she entered a remote alley, where existed a lot of cheap hotels.
	She walked into a hotel called Luck Hotel. The hotel-keeper stopped her and looked her up and down who was wrapped up and asked, "Who are you looking for?"
	She directly took out a pile of cash which was at least one thousand and placed it on the front desk and said, "I'll just go upstairs and talk with a friend for a while."
	"O…Okay." The hotel-keeper was fully attracted by that pile of cash, which was equal to his income for half a month. "But please hurry up."
	Because her ID card was not recorded, the hotel-keeper was afraid that police would come to take a check. However, actually the police seldom came here.
	"Okay," said Sophie. "If anyone asks you about me, just tell him nothing."
	"Understand. ‘I have never seen such person.'" The hotel-keeper was so smart.
	"Thanks." She then went upstairs.
	The hotel-keeper looked at the cash in hand, spread it out like a fan and flicked it with the back of his hand. Closed again, the cash was stuffed into his pocket.
	Another man came in the moment the hotel-keeper hid the money. He threw an envelope on the desk and said, "Don't ask and speak."
	Then the man closely followed Sophie's track. The hotel-keeper immediately opened the envelope as soon as the man disappeared in his sight. He was surprised and excited that there was money even more than the amount he got from Sophie.
	He thought he had met the God of Wealth and tended to enjoy for a while.
	He quickly prayed and thanked the god.
	Sophie found the room 303 and knocked on the door twice each time, three in total. It seemed that she was inputting the password.
	Subsequently, someone inside asked in a low voice, "Who is there?"
	"It's me," said Sophie, with her voice changed on purpose.
	Then the door was opened slightly. The person in the other side was so cautious that only an eye and a little part of the face could be seen. It could hardly be possible to recognize who he was.
	The door was then half-opened when Sophie was recognized. As soon as she got into the room, the door was closed.
	After taking several steps, Sophie hated this small place to death because it was even not as large as her bathroom.
	However, Timothy stepped forward and held her in his arms. He sniffed deeply at her neck and said, "I miss you so much."
	Sophie was not only disgusted with his smell, but also hated to have physical contact with him, but she had no choice but to endure.
	"Let go of me. I have something to tell you," Sophie tried to catch his hand in order to avoid his touch.
	"No matter what you are going to say, let's have sex first." Timothy had missed her so much that he was not willing to let her go. "Wow! No one smells better than you."
	In no time he kissed her on her neck. Sophie struggled with her face twisting, "Don't mess around."
	"What?" Timothy was dissatisfied with her dodge and said, "You have already had sex with me. And now you are pretending to be an innocent woman here? Fuck!"
	"No." Sophie was aggrieved but she didn't dare to perform to be angry. "You are pushing too hard. I can't explain to him when I get back. It would be just like showing him those photos and videos. So are you trying to kill me or kill yourself? If my infidelity is discovered, you will suffer as well. Just listen to me if you want to get things from me."
	Timothy agreed with her. He was so abject that now he could only get money from her. Without her, he could hardly make a living.
	He released her, "See. I am just missing you so much."
	"I have to make it clear that this is our last meeting. Because the Tanner family is supervising me strictly, it is really hard for me to go outside." Sophie was not willing to see him anymore, so she made such an excuse.
	"Really? Don't lie to me." Timothy didn't believe, staring at her with doubt.
	"I have no reason to lie to you. Actually this is good for us, as we are in the same boat. Last time I have transferred one million to your account and it will be enough to spend for a while. If you have anything to tell, just call me and I will do whatever I can to help you," said Sophie.
	Timothy approached again, "I need woman now. Let's have sex! I promise not to push so hard."
	"I am not capable today," said Sophie, sitting down on the bed.
	Timothy sat down and pinned down Sophie when she was defenseless. He blocked out the light above her, with shadow on her face.
	"Let me take a try and I will know if you are capable." Timothy naturally thought she was making excuse and he was not that easy to cheat.
	When Sophie saw his hand going downwards, her face turned pale and shouted, "Don't touch me!"
	Sophie did not tend to tell him that her incapability was due to pregnancy but not menstruation.
	"Bitch! Aren't you just unwilling to be fucked by me? Fine. If you don't accept, I can just reveal our secret. We ‘ll see." Timothy could feel her apparent unwillingness and became angry.
	"You just need woman, right? I will get anyone as you like. As for our relationship, it has come to an end." Sophie took a deep breath, trying to calm down.
	"Great!" Timothy let go of her hands and stood up, "Then don't blame me for sending these photos to Sky so he can enjoy your dirty look."
	"Go ahead." Sophie slowly sat up and rubbed her wrists, "If Sky knows our scandal, at the worst I won't be his wife anymore, but I am still the daughter of the Linder family which can make sure I am fed and clothed for the rest of my life."
	"What about you? You were just left with nothing by Bright and then you will be fixed by Sky and my parents, which will be much more miserable than now. Just go ahead if you want to taste such a consequence," said Sophie.
	Sophie said with ease, with the corner of her lip raising, which showed that she was not afraid to be threatened by Timothy.
Chapter 211 Caught in the Act
	Although Sophie pretended to be indifferent, she was actually terrified at the bottom of her heart because she was still handled by Timothy.
	Doing so was just to bet if Timothy would drag her down with him or he would be afraid of death.
	If he was still greedy for life and money, she would have a little chance of winning because she was the only dependence of him.
	Hearing that, Timothy was displeased inwardly, but he was trying to calm down to measure the benefits and harms he would get.
	He had to admit that Sophie had got something right. Even though she was no longer the wife of Sky, she was still the daughter of the Linder family. As for himself, he would lose Sophie as his cash cow and become more wretched.
	By that time, he would have nothing, and even lose his life.
	Though he was fallen now, he could still get money from Sophie and enjoyed his life.
	He was so young that he was unwilling to go to hell without enjoying enough, but he had to accept Sophie's offer.
	"Are you threatening me?" Timothy knew that he had no way back, but he still wanted to struggle for a while.
	"I am not threatening you. I am just telling the truth, which will be the worst result for us." Sophie said sincerely, "I mean, we can be partners now but not enemies planning to destroy each other. Rose is our common enemy. If it were not because of her, would you be like this and would I be grounded? She made us both like this."
	Timothy gripped his fist, "It was you that let me do that, otherwise I won't be like this. I was destroyed by you, so you have to compensate me, or I will never let you off!"
	Now he would not be silly as before and attribute all the bad things to Rose according to what Sophie said.
	Exactly Rose couldn't get away with it, but now how could he be able to fight against her or even take revenge on her?
	He was lucky enough to have his life left.
	"I was also tricked by her." Sophie was so angry once thinking about this, but at this moment she had to pacify Timothy for fear that he would mess her up, "I am so sorry for your situation, but I have done my best to help you. You said you needed one million and I scraped up such amount of money by all means at once. For you, I have done whatever I can. If you really loved me as you said, you shouldn't have treated me like that."
	Sophie appeared to be weak and poor, with her eyes turning red and tears streaming down, which could easily arise male's protectiveness.
	As expected, Timothy was moved and left his anger and hostility behind. "I have told you that I just missed you so much. Although I love you, you are still always staying with Sky and sleeping in his arms, but I can't even touch you. How could I calm down?"
	He was not convinced, "If you were not acting like this, I wouldn't have asked for that one million. Anyway, you owe me that, you have to pay back with your body."
	"So you disagree on our partnership and want to die together, right?" Sophie could do anything to comfort him except by her own body, "If you are merely eager for woman, I can find one and let her serve you."
	Timothy didn't make any concession, thinking that she could not be let off easily, "Let's make a bargain. Today I just want you and I promise this will be the last time."
	Sophie clenched her fist and then unclenched it. She was so conflicted, "How do I know if you are lying to me?"
	Timothy swore, "I promise and you can only trust me."
	Sophie had no choices and she knew that trading with a monster would pull her into the darkness and she would see no sunshine anymore.
	Seeing that Sophie was silent, Timothy hugged her again, "Don't worry. I won't act as last time."
	Timothy kissed on her soft face, while she could only grip her fist and close her eyes, bearing the pain again.
	Timothy was satisfied with her compliance and pressed on her on the bed.
	Sophie told herself on the sly that after today she would be free and didn't need to be threatened by him and conform to him.
	At that moment, Sophie was just like a flower being attacked by storm.
	The atmosphere in the room became cheerful and carnal.
	After several pleasing sexes were over, Timothy was still insatiable and savoring the wonderful moment.
	On the contrary, Sophie had begun to pick up and put on her clothes.
	Suddenly, someone was knocking on the door, "Open the door! We are police. You are reported to be whoring."
	"Who is there?" Timothy was frozen.
	Sophie was more alert and was about to hide into the bathroom immediately without getting fully dressed. However, the police were not that patient and broke in the door. Unfortunately, Sophie and Timothy were caught red-handed.
	Timothy was lying on the bed with his upper body bare and the lower covered by a quilt. Sophie was wearing her underclothes with her messy hair. On the floor there were tissues already used and the air was filled with the smell of semen after sex which was quite goatish.
	Facing the police, their facial expression completely changed. They hastily covered themselves with an overcoat and the quilt.
	Seeing such a scene, the police became serious, "Put on your clothes and come with us."
	Sophie rushed into the bathroom and put on her clothes and the hat in a hurry.
	Likewise, Timothy put on his clothes in a flash. At that moment, it could not be more embarrassing.
	"Okay. Let's go," said the policeman.
	Because of the arrest, Sophie almost broke down in panic.
	She knew that she couldn't allow to be arrested. If so, her life would be completely destroyed without Timothy exposing those photos.
	"Sir…" Sophie didn't know where to place her fingers.
	The policeman looked at her coldly, "Go. If you have anything to say, keep it until you reach the police station."
	She was trying to bribe the policeman, "Sir, could you please let us go this time? If you have any demand, I will do my best to satisfy."
	The policeman became more serious, "Demand? Just be honest and don't play tricks. Hurry up."
	Under the circumstances, Sophie had to take risks, "How much do you want to let us go? I promise I won't tell anybody."
Chapter 212 Let Me Go or I will Die Now
	"Do you know what you are doing right now?" the policeman continued to say, "If you give money to state functionaries for illegitimate interests, you can be sentenced for bribery. Do you think charging you only for whoring is not enough? You want one more charge?"
	The words of the policeman hit her mind heavily. He was so righteous that Sophie turned pale with fright.
	Sophie pretended to be poor in the hope that she could be sympathized by the policeman, "I didn't mean that. I just beg you to let me go and I promise there won't be next time. Please…"
	The policeman was indifferent, "Everyone is equal before the law and you won't be an exception. If you don't go, I will call someone to bring you there."
	"No…" Sophie drew back instinctively, shook her head and refused to be arrested, "Let me go please. Please…"
	Sophie was afraid to let Sky know, so she could only beg for mercy here.
	"No way." The policeman spoke to colleagues behind him, "Take her away."
	They came up to her. Sophie was still begging and she was close to tears.
	However, no matter how she resisted, she would be arrested in the end. The unexpected thing was that she went down on her knees and kowtowed to the police. She said, "I beg you. I was forced to do so and I didn't want to. If I am arrested, my husband will know that and he won't forgive me and divorce me. Without him I would rather die… So please let me go for the sake of my family and I will appreciate that."
	"You bitch!" shouted Timothy.
	The policeman insisted, "No matter if you are willing or forced, clarify it in the police station." He was still unwilling to give her one more chance, "Take her away."
	Actually the police were sympathetic, but they had met enough of such situation. Some were real, while others were fake. But anyway, it should be understood that if you had known such result, why you would still do that.
	Sophie broke down seeing that the policeman was decisive to arrest her.
	She pushed the police away and picked up a cup on the table. Dropped on the floor, the cup was smashed. The police found something wrong and picked up the fragments as soon as possible. However, Sophie got a piece and stuck it against an artery in her neck.
	She glared at the police angrily, "If you don't let me go, I will just die here. Anyway, I will have no choices but to die once my husband knows that. Why not end here?"
	All people were stunned. The chief policeman said, "Calm down. Don't hurt yourself. Put down the fragment and let us talk it over! Even though whoring is illegal, you will only be detained for a few months and charged for hundreds. We don't want to see tragedy happen."
	"Unless you let me go, or I won't put it down." This was her only condition.
	The chief policeman was frustrated and conflicted, "Okay. Please put it down first."
	"Get out of the way. Let me out!" Sophie always grasped the fragment and kept it against her neck. She knew that her life was the only chance for her to escape.
	"Sir. This woman is so cunning. If she wants to die, just let her die. Her existence will only pollute the air!" shouted Timothy. He couldn't imagine he was arrested alone, while Sophie was released.
	"Shut up!" The policeman warned Timothy by his stern eyes.
	Scared by the warning, Timothy lowered his head.
	"Calm down. Think it over. If you lose your life, you will lose everything." The policeman was still trying to persuade Sophie.
	"Cut the crap. Just get out of the way." The only thing that Sophie was thinking was how to escape away. As for what the policeman said, it was totally bullshit for her. She shouted, "If you don't do as told, just watch me die!"
	All of a sudden, Sophie pierced the fragment into her skin and the blood was coming out.
	There was no way in the circumstances, only moving away. The policeman said, "Fine. We let you go."
	Sophie looked at them in defense. Then she stepped forward slowly and carefully. Turning around several steps, she walked out the door backwards.
	As soon as she went out, she rushed downstairs.
	"Sir. Shall we catch her up?" asked a subordinate.
	"It doesn't matter." The chief policeman glanced at Timothy, "We have got him. She couldn't escape as well. Take him away."
	At present, Timothy had nothing to care about. Without face and money, he knew that the more obedient he was, the lighter the punishment would be.
	He followed the police to the station with no protest and was ready to record a confession.
	The policeman took out a notebook prepared, "Introduce yourself first."
	"My name is Timothy Fan, and I am 35 years old…" Timothy confessed everything at the hotel, except that Sophie was forced by him but not willing to.
	The policeman glanced at him with head up and asked, "Her name is Sophie Linder, right? Where is she from and where is she living?"
	"She is from City H, lives in Lido Manor, 66 Lido Road. She is the daughter of the Linder family and the wife of Sky Tanner." Timothy confessed everything about Sophie, "I have told you everything I know."
	The policeman asked again, "Were you both voluntary?"
	"Of… Of course." Timothy smiled unnaturally, "Sir. There was no pecuniary exchange between us, so it should not be whoring, right?"
	The policeman took a glance at him and continued to record, "We can't judge only according to your confession. Only when the lady's confession is the same as yours, will you be innocent."
	"One more question, sir. Won't I get in the shit if she tells a lie that she was forced?" Timothy was afraid that Sophie would go against him. By that time, he would be convicted of rape rather than whoring.
	If he was convicted of rape, he would have to be in prison for the rest of his life, which would be many times worse than it was now.
	His brow furrowed, resisting to be prisoned.
	"You lost? More often than not, in such case the female will be the victim." The policeman shook his head reluctantly, thinking about what kind of man he was.
	The policeman handed Timothy the completed statement, "Done. Please check it. If there is no problem, sign here."
	Timothy took the paper and looked through the contents. He had found no problem, but he hesitated for a while when he saw that they were voluntary to have sex.
	However, he firmly signed the statement, thinking that it didn't do him good to admit the charge of rape.
	"You can leave until someone goes bail for you," said the policeman.
	"Thanks." Timothy had already asked someone for help, but he was not sure that if that person would come.
Chapter 213 How Dares He!
	Timothy looked at the time and waited anxiously.
	Ten minutes later, a man with an upright figure stepped into the police station and asked the staff, who gave him the direction. The man looked over at Timothy, who was waving at him.
	"Mark, here." Timothy was relieved to see Mark coming.
	Mark also saw Timothy and strode to him, "What did you do? Why were you arrested in the police station?"
	"I ... I'm fine. I just was framed." Timothy curled his lip, "Mark, thanks for coming here, or I would have had to spend the night in the police station."
	Timothy pleaded with Mark on the phone. Apart from Mark, he really could not find anyone else to help him at the moment. Since his accident, his friends and women who usually played with him had kept him away like a virus. He could not rely on them at all.
	But Mark was his cousin anyway. They were brothers. For the sake of their grandfather, Mark would come.
	"You are framed?" Mark's gentle face was cold, "You don't know how many bad things you've done?"
	"Mark, I really didn't do anything bad." Timothy was pitiful, afraid that Mark would not bail him out and leave him here, "Please hurry up and go through the formalities."
	Mark sighed and then went through the formalities with the police. He also asked what happened by the way, only to learn that Timothy and Sophie were caught cheating in the hotel on the spot.
	Mark was speechless. But he had come here and finally bailed Timothy out.
	Although Timothy had nothing, he was a member of the Fan family. Mark had to help him for the sake of the Fan family's ancestors. But he didn't expect Timothy to do such a stupid thing again.
	After leaving the police station, Mark said to Timothy, "What happened between you and Sophie?"
	"She has slept with me because she was lonely. You know her husband almost died when he was sick back then. Even if he's healthy now, he's too weak to satisfy her." Timothy talked nonsense.
	"You're not telling the truth, are you?" Mark was not someone who could be fooled easily, "Let me tell you, I came here today for the sake of grandfather, but only once. If you have anything later, do not call me. I will also pull you into the blacklist!"
	"Mark, we're brothers. Are you really going to be so cruel to me?" Timothy got upset.
	"I don't need to remind you of what your family did to me and Grandma once, do I?" Mark didn't want to bring up the past. But since Timothy said he was cruel, he would speak with truth.
	Timothy's face changed unnaturally, "Mark, I know I'm wrong. Let's not bring up the past again."
	Mark was exasperated at Timothy's failure to make good when he looked at Timothy who was no longer as proud as before.
	"Timothy, it has only been a short time. Are you forgetting pain after recovery?" Mark could still remember Bright's cruel means. When he thought of it now, he came out in cold sweat.
	In fact, as long as Timothy no longer caused trouble and lived a sober life, Mark would not completely ignore his family. At least, he could guarantee that they could have enough food, clothing and a place to live. However, Mark did not expect that Timothy had ended up in such a situation, but still did not learn a lesson and became a worse bastard.
	"You have no other skills but to dally with women. Now, you even have an affair with Sophie, Sky's wife. How dare you!"
	"Don't think that the Tanner family is to be trifled with. The Tanner family is one of the top six families in City H. Have you ever thought about the consequences of having an affair with Sophie? Will Sky let you go when he knows? Will the Linder family let you go when they know? You're just courting death!"
	Listening to Mark's analysis, Timothy was so scared that his face turned pale. He stammered, "Mark, you ... you have to help me..."
	"You have done such a stupid thing. How can I help you? Do you want me to help you at the expense of the whole Fan family? I'm telling you, it's not worth it for you!" Mark was completely disappointed in Timothy, "So I can't help you!"
	Timothy felt his legs weaken and knelt down in front of Mark, grabbing his pant, "Mark, please help me. I'm your brother. If grandfather were still alive, he wouldn't have allowed you to stand by like this. If you help me this time, I will never do anything wrong again. I will do everything you say. Please! Otherwise, I will be dead!"
	Now, Timothy realized what situation he was in and what he would face. He was really scared. He still wanted to keep his life and be happy till he grew old.
	"I said I can't help you. I can't let the Fan family be in danger again because of you." Mark indifferently looked at Timothy who was crying bitterly, "Now there is only one way. You should take the initiative to admit your mistake to let the Tanner family let you go, or you will have to resign yourself to your fate. That's what I can say. You conduct yourself well."
	Mark drew back his legs, got in his car, and drove away without looking back.
	Timothy looked at the car and slowly stood up, his eyes filled with hatred.
	Wasn't he courting death if he took the initiative to admit his mistake? Could he survive? Now, The only thing he should do was hide so that no one could find him.
	Timothy pulled on his jacket, looked down, and left the police station.
	In the evening, the police followed the information Timothy had given them and found the Tanner family's villa at Number 66 in Lido Manor.
	When the police walked in, the Tanner family was confused and stood still.
	"May I ask what you want?" Sam said.
	"Excuse me, does Sophie live here?" the police asked.
	"Yes, she is my wife." Sky stepped forward, "May I ask what happened?"
	"Today, someone reported that there was an illegal sex trade between a man and a woman in the Luck Hotel on Sapphire Road. When we went there, we found a man and a woman who had just had sex. The woman was Sophie, Mr. Sky's wife," the police gave a brief explanation.
	When the Tanner family heard this news, they were all shocked and could not say any words for a long time.
	"Sir, are you mistaken?" Sky recovered from the shock first, "My wife is gentle and virtuous. She has been staying at home all this time. There must be some misunderstanding."
	"We are also afraid that we make a mistake. That's why we came here to inquire." The police handed a photo, "This is the photo we took on the spot. Please see if this is Sophie, your wife."
	Sky took the photo and could clearly see the woman's face. It was Sophie, his wife, undoubtedly.
	Sam, May, and Alaya also stepped forward to look at the photo and agreed that it was Sophie.
	They really could not believe that such a scandal happened to the Tanner family and to Sophie.
Chapter 214 Is This Woman Mrs. Tanner?
	In their eyes, Sophie was a gentle and nice girl. Otherwise, how would they agree to her marriage with Sky?
	But now... why did she become so shameless?
	Besides, she was caught on the spot, which brought disgrace on the Tanner family.
	Sam closed his eyes, feeling that Sophie let him down. But May looked away and sat down on the sofa again.
	She was not particularly sad, because she had seen Sophie's real face before. She thought that this should be Sophie's most real face. Her good nature was disguised.
	Alaya also felt that she had supported the wrong person. She supported Sophie and Sky. However, she just got such a result.
	Sky was the one who felt most hurt. Sophie had been with him for many years and they had married a few years. He trusted her with all his heart.
	He believed that Sophie would not be someone like Rose, and that Sophie understood his pain and would not hurt him and betray him again. But in the end, she stabbed him deeply, which even caught him off guard.
	Sky secretly took a deep breath to calm down. Compared with the injury Rose brought him, he felt that this time he was surprisingly able to adapt quickly.
	"Mr. Sky, may I ask if the woman in the photo is your wife?" although the police felt the family's sadness, he had to go on.
	"No, she's not." Sam denied it.
	He couldn't admit that the woman was Sophie. If he admitted it, the reputation of the Tanner family would be ruined and it would also make others laugh at them.
	May, Alaya and Sky all looked at Sam with surprise, not expecting him to answer this.
	But Sky overruled his father's words and admitted, "Yes, she is my wife."
	"Who's telling the truth? We're on business. So, please think carefully before you answer." The police was slightly displeased.
	Sam was about to say something when Sky grabbed his hand and stopped him, "Sir, she is my wife. My father is old and has poor eyesight. Please forgive him."
	Sky admitted once again. So, Sam could not say anything else and sat down on the sofa.
	The police nodded and put away the photo, "Then please let your wife out, Mr. Sky. We want to ask her to make a statement."
	"She's not at home right now." Sky had gone upstairs after work to look for Sophie. But Sophie was not at home.
	"Then do you know where she is?" the police added.
	"She should be at the Linder family's villa." In general, if Sophie was not at the Tanner family, she would be at the Linder family. So, Sky did not ask about her whereabouts.
	"Then please take us to her."
	"Okay. But I have some questions." Sky had too many questions. After the police nodded, he asked, "You said she was arrested on the spot. Then why wasn't she taken to the police station to make a statement? Instead, you even had to come to our house to find her. Besides, who was the man with her? I think I have a right to know as Sophie's husband."
	"We had intended to take her to the police station to make a statement. But she threatened us with death to let her go. There is nothing more important than life. So, we had to compromise and let her go for now." The police officer said the situation was a million times more critical, "We have taken the man to the police station to make a statement. His name was Timothy."
	"What? Who is he?" Sam, who had just sat down, stood up again.
	"It's Timothy. He comes from City H and is thirty-five years old. He is unemployed now..."
	This Timothy naturally was the one in the Tanner family's impression. So, it was that bastard!
	"Since it's Timothy, then there must be something wrong with this thing! I don't believe Sophie would do such a thing." Sam thought it was all Timothy's fault, "Timothy must be trying to harm our family!"
	Sky did not say a word and frowned.
	The police said again, "Mr. Sky, when can we leave for the Linder family's villa to find your wife?"
	"Sir, please wait for me outside for a moment. I have something to talk to my parents." Sky did not want outsiders to be here.
	The police also understood and went out.
	"Why did you admit that it was Sophie? Have you spared the reputation of the Tanner family?" Sam scolded Sky.
	"Dad, we can't lie in front of the police. The truth is the truth. Even if you can hide it now, you can't hide it forever. And it's illegal to lie to the police. We can't know the law and break it!" Sky kept a clear head.
	"Sky, this Timothy is a jerk. We all can see Sophie's feelings for you. We don't believe that she would do this. She must have been forced by Timothy!" Sam still defended Sophie until now.
	"Dad, I know. I also want things to go for the better. But you have to be prepared for the bad." Sky then turned around and left the Tanner family's villa.
	Sky drove ahead and led the way to the Linder family's villa.
	When Sky and the police appeared at the Linder family's villa, the Linder family was having dinner. But Sophie was not there.
	"Sky, what's going on?" Chandler looked at the police and was confused.
	"Dad, Mom, is Sophie home?" Sky asked them.
	"Sophie is not feeling well. She's upstairs." Joy replied, "What happened?"
	"Nothing. I'll go upstairs and get her." Sky then went upstairs and came to Sophie's bedroom.
	He stood in the doorway and restrained himself from mixed emotions before he knocked on the door, "Sophie, are you there? It's Sky."
	The moment Sophie heard Sky's voice, she was so aggrieved. Her nose twitched and she began to weep.
	Seeing that she did not respond, Sky said again, "Then I'm coming in."
	He then pushed the door in and saw Sophie sitting against the bed. She bent her legs, crossed her hands around her knees, and looked a little haggard.
	When she saw Sky, the tears coursed down her cheeks and her face got wet quickly.
	"Sky... " she sobbed, her voice filled with grievance and sadness.
	"I'll take you home. Come with me." Sky walked to her, but did not sit down.
	He looked at Sophie, whose tears were flowing down, and did not comfort her. There was no warmth in his eyes anymore, but only coldness.
	"Go home?" Sophie, however, did not notice Sky's change.
	"Yes." Sky said, reaching out to take her by the hand, "Let's go."
	Sophie held his hand tightly, like a drowning man grasping the last straw and eager to live.
	When Sky brought Sophie downstairs, she saw the police. She instinctively hid behind Sky and her face changed greatly.
	She had just thought that she would be fine if she ran away. But she didn't expect the police to be so capable to find her house.
	How could she forget that Timothy had been taken to the police station? Timothy must have said something.
Chapter 215 Why Should I Believe You?
	Sophie felt sick when she thought of Timothy, the stupid man.
	She had escaped. But Timothy would definitely betray her for himself and would even say some unrealistic words.
	She was now worried about what Timothy had said, and was panicking.
	The police and Sky were here. She was afraid that the scandal between her and Timothy could no longer be concealed. She was trembling badly as she was in a breakdown once again.
	"Mrs. Tanner, we're here to see you for a statement." The police came straight to the point.
	"Go away! You guys go away!" Sophie was very excited.
	She was afraid to look at the police in uniform and hid behind Sky, running away from reality.
	"Sophie, what's wrong with you?" Chandler felt sad while looking at his daughter who was scared.
	"Sophie, don't be afraid. They are police officers, not bad people." Joy also pacified her daughter.
	"Dad, Mom, let them go and leave our house. I don't want to see them!" Sophie kept shaking her head and clutching Sky's sleeve, "Sky, didn't you say you were going to take me home? Hurry up and take me away, right now!"
	Sky looked at her calmly and pulled her hand down, "Sophie, what are you afraid of?"
	"I'm not afraid. I'm not afraid!" Sophie widened her eyes and spoke loudly, as if she was hiding something.
	"Really? Then why are you so afraid of the police!" Sky frowned slightly.
	"I ... I'm not afraid. I just don't want to see the police." Sophie denied it.
	"Mrs. Tanner, please cooperate with us to make a statement!" the police also became aggressive.
	"I didn't do anything. Why do I need to make a statement? I said I was forced to! Why can't you guys let me go? If you need to make a statement, you can go to find others. Don't come to me!" Sophie was so agitated that she couldn't calm down at all.
	She was too scared to look at the police, just kept her head down, and panicked.
	"Timothy has made a statement, and so will you. We're going to check whether your statements are consistent and see if any of you are lying." The police said to her.
	"Timothy? What the hell is going on?" Chandler and Joy were confused to hear this name. And the statement... They couldn't make it out at all.
	"I don't know this person!" Sophie flatly denied.
	"Mrs. Tanner, please do not make a meaningless struggle. Today, you and Timothy were caught on the spot at the Luck Hotel on Sapphire Rode. If it were not for you threatening the police, you would have made a statement and gone home by now." The police frowned at the resistant Sophie, "No matter how you deny it, you cannot change what has happened. So, you should cooperate with us to finish it early, so that we can leave earlier."
	"Sir, can you tell us what's going on?" Chandler was confused while listening to this and just wanted to know the truth.
	"Yes. What has my daughter done? And what does it have to do with Timothy?" Joy looked at Sophie with distress. What happened to Sophie and made her look like this?
	"Well…" Sophie interrupted the police before they could finish his words, "You can't talk about it! Stop!"
	Sophie pounced on them, waving both hands like a wounded lioness, trying to hit the police.
	Seeing this, Chandler and Joy pulled her, "Sophie, you can't hit the police. It's against the law to assault police!"
	"Dad, Mom, it's them... They want to ruin everything for me..." Sophie was in great pain. Tears filled her eyes and she looked pitiful.
	"Mrs. Tanner, please don't be unreasonable!" the police said sternly, "How can you blame us for what you have done? We are only enforcing the law impartially!"
	"Bullshit! You guys are deliberately targeting me!" Sophie could not help but cry out as if she had been greatly wronged.
	Sky kept looking at Sophie coldly, feeling as if this woman was no longer the Sophie he knew, but a strange and scary woman.
	"Sir, let me say it." Sky looked at the police and pleaded.
	"Okay." The police nodded.
	Sky looked at Mr. and Mrs. Linder who were holding the crying Sophie, "Mom and Dad, today, Sophie and Timothy were caught on the spot for illegal trading between men and women in the Luck Hotel on Sapphire Road ... So, you should understand now."
	He truthfully explained the story to the elder according to the information provided by the police.
	Sophie did not dare to look up and face Sky. She just kept crying, but could not move Sky at all.
	"What!" Chandler was angry after listening to it and looked at Sophie next to him, "Sophie, you have done such a shameless thing!"
	Joy also felt that the news was like a thunderbolt out of a clear sky. Although she knew that Sophie had slept with Timothy once, it was just an accident, because Sophie was drugged.
	But this time, she couldn't make any excuse for Sophie. Because in the face of conclusive evidence, any reason would be powerless.
	"Sophie, how can you be so stupid!" Joy felt sad, "How can I say about you!"
	Chandler let go of his hand and Joy also let go. Sophie felt her legs weaken and fell to the ground. Her long hair covered her face, and no one could see her expression clearly.
	"Mrs. Tanner, we'll give you one more chance to make a statement." The police asked her, "Mr. Timothy said that you did it willingly. If so, it's not a prostitution charge."
	"I was forced to do it. I didn't do it willingly!" Sophie reacted with excitement when she heard "willingly".
	"If you were forced, then he committed rape and you have the right to sue him." The police reminded her.
	"I'll sue him!" Sophie bit her lip, her eyes full of hatred, "I'm going to make him pay!"
	With that, Sophie cooperated with the police to make a statement in the study, while the others waited outside.
	When the police left after the statement was made, Sophie slowly came to Sky and her eyes were filled with tears, "Honey, please forgive me. I was really forced to do it. Please believe me...."
	She pursed her lips and almost cried out. But she tried to hold back her tears and just looked at Sky pitifully. Her eyes were full of begging.
	Sky just stared at her sweet and lovely face quietly, as if he was trying to see through her clearly, but only to find that he had never seen through her.
	"Sophie, I would love to believe you. But matters have reached this stage. Why should I believe you?" Sky smiled, but his eyes were cold.
Chapter 216 You Don't Deserve to Go Home with Me
	Sky smiled coldly. He was no longer as gentle and tender to Sophie.
	Their world seemed to be snowing heavily at this moment, freezing their hearts.
	"No, Sky, I was really forced. I am your wife. Would you rather believe others than me?" sitting on the ground, Sophie looked up at Sky who was strange.
	"Sophie, you seem to have forgotten that Mr. Sky once said that what you hear about may be false and what you see is true. He only believes in the facts he sees with his eyes. There is nothing wrong with that." Rose walked into the living room from outside.
	Rose was wearing a white background black polka dot shirt with black collar and vertical striped bow tie, black nine-point pencil pants, and a pair of nude high heels. The clothes were simple and beautiful. With delicate light makeup, she looked elegant, confident and mature.
	In these five years, Rose had indeed grown a lot. She now had a happy family and a successful career. Seeing that Sophie's true face would be exposed, she was extremely brightened.
	"Sky, don't listen to her!" Sophie naturally remembered that Sky had said this.
	Five years ago, when Rose came out of the hospital with the baby in her arms, Sky saw her. Without giving Rose a chance to explain, he said that he only believed what he saw with his eyes.
	Now, it was Sophie's turn to have an accident. Rose mentioned this to remind Sky not to eat his words!
	"Sky, she still has a long memory for what happened five years ago. So, she hates us loving each other as a couple and is deliberately trying to sow discord." Sophie was afraid that Sky would believe Rose's words.
	"I said that. What does it have to do with her?" Sky frowned, "Sophie, you make your bed, let you lie in it."
	Sophie pursed her lips, not daring to vent her anger on Sky, and could only turn to Rose, "Rose, are you here to laugh at me?"
	Sophie was furious when she looked at Rose, who was smiling, and thought of her present embarrassed situation.
	"I'm back to see Grandma and Mom and Dad." Rose put the fruit and gift box in her hand on the coffee table, "How did I know you were here?"
	"Bullshit!" Sophie didn't believe what Rose said at all.
	"Believe it or not." Rose gave a shrug of her shoulders.
	"Rose, why do you bring gifts your own home?" Chandler's expression softened into a grin.
	Joy also flattered her, "Rose, have you had dinner?"
	Now, Rose was in the ascendant. After being Mrs. Lee, even her parents had to respect her.
	Even if Sophie had married Sky, she would not have been treated in this way. Because the Tanner family was not as powerful as the Lee family.
	Rose said to Chandler and Joy, "Dad, this is what Bright's parents had someone bring back. The nourishment is for Grandma. The tea and wine is for you, and the jewelry is for Mom."
	When Chandler and Joy heard that it was from Bright's parents, they were joyful. After all, they were so lucky to be relatives with the Lee family by marriage.
	"Give my regards to Bright's parents and thank them." What Chandler cared about was not the gift, but the Lee family's recognition and attention.
	"Didn't Bright come back with you?" Joy was concerned about Bright.
	"He's busier than me." Rose sat down on the sofa and had no intention to leave, "Mom, I haven't had dinner yet. I'd like to eat boiled beef, glutinous rice duck, and seaweed soup."
	"OK. I'll let the chef make it." Listening to Rose call her Mom, Joy kept smiling and forgot that she had another daughter, Sophie.
	Seeing that Chandler and Joy's attitude to Rose had changed from disgust to flattery, Sophie was resentful and angry. Now, Rose had replaced her and became important in her parents' heart.
	In the eyes of her parents, she seemed to be just a man of no importance. They simply did not care about her and Sky anymore.
	"Mom and Dad, Sophie will stay in the Linder family's villa for the time being. Please take care of her. I'll leave now." Sky didn't want to eat his words in front of Rose. So, he was going to leave first.
	"Sky, don't go!" Sophie hugged Sky's leg and pulled him, "Even if you want to leave, take me home with you. You said you were coming to take me home. How can you leave me here alone?"
	"Sophie, how dare you go back to the Tanner family now?" Sky stood up straight and turned his back on Sophie, "You don't deserve it!"
	"Sky, you can't do this to me... I'm your wife. I'm still pregnant with your child. He is also the Tanner family's eldest grandson. In these five years, I've been with you. I should be given credit for hard work, if not for merit..." Sophie grabbed him, afraid that if she let go, Sky would disappear.
	"The child? Are you sure the baby in your belly is mine?" Sky sneered, beginning to doubt it.
	"Of course it's yours. It's the Tanner family's grandson. I swear." Sophie raised three fingers of her right hand.
	Sky took the opportunity to draw back his leg, then took two steps back to distance himself from Sophie, "Sophie, I can't trust you anymore. Did you really only sleep with Timothy once?"
	"Do you remember? At that time, we made an appointment to have a physical examination together, but you disappeared for a long time. I found you in the hotel and Timothy was also there... If you didn't have contact with him, why were you in the hotel with him? In retrospect, I think you were guilty rather than uncomfortable at that time. I'm afraid you've slept with him more than once! So, he can force you because he has the goods on you, right?"
	"No, no..." Sophie shook her head and tried to go forward to explain.
	But Sky avoided her, "Sophie, it's okay if you don't admit it. I'll find the evidence to convince you."
	"No, Sky. I'm wrong..." Sophie was so anxious that she even knelt down in front of him, "I was threatened by him. I didn't lie."
	"Dad, Mom, please help me. Help me talk to Sky and make him believe me." Sophie finally placed her hopes on her parents.
	"The facts are in front of us. Even the police came to the house and showed the evidence. What do you want us to say?" Chandler's face was grim, "You've disgraced our family, you sinner!"
	"No, Dad. It's all because of Rose. It's all because of her that I was threatened by Timothy!"
	A crisp slap sounded.
Chapter 217 Congratulations on Suffering the Pain I Once Felt
	Sophie only felt dizzy and a burning sensation in her face. Even her teeth hurt. It could be seen how hard Chandler slapped her.
	"It is you who are so shameless to do such a thing to disgrace the Tanner family and our family. But you still try to blame your sister? Rose is your own sister. How can you say such words to slander her? Do you want to anger me and kill me?" Chandler accused Sophie and almost wanted to strangle her to death.
	"Sophie, do you think who Rose is now? She doesn't have to be against you, does she? Besides, you should take responsibility for your own mistakes. How can you blame it on Rose? We are so disappointed in you!" Joy was also on the same front as Chandler, criticizing Sophie.
	"Dad, Mom, don't be angry." Rose was calm. She did not take Sophie's slander seriously, "The wise man knows he knows nothing, the fool thinks he knows all. No matter how I explain it, people who don't believe me won't believe it. So, as long as you two believe me, I will be very happy."
	What Rose said not only pacified Mr. and Mrs. Linder, but also put them in an important position, deeply pleasing them.
	Besides, she also embarrassed Sky. She had tried to explain back then. But Sky did not listen to her at all and just stubbornly believed what he saw with his eyes.
	Sky naturally understood what Rose meant. His face changed slightly and he looked at Rose sitting on the sofa, pursing his thin lips tightly.
	"Look, how generous and elegant Rose is! You are not only shameful, but also vicious to set up your sister. You are really a bad girl!" Chandler snorted. He was so angry that he felt a tremendous pressure on his chest.
	Rose looked down, smiled, and listened to their scolding.
	"Dad, Sophie has set me up many times. Although I don't know what she's doing it for, I'm not going to make a fuss about it with her. After all, I am her older sister and have to get soft on her." Rose imitated the way Sophie had spoken five years ago, which could anger her parents more.
	Rose wanted Sophie to suffer the pain she had experienced.
	"Compared with Rose, you're worse than a pig and a dog!" Chandler said heartless words, a terrible blow to Sophie's self-esteem.
	"Dad, I'm your and Mom's child. If I'm worse than a pig or a dog, then what about you guys and my dear sister?" Sophie smiled more brightly. She looked at her parents who had given up on her as a useless daughter, and was very sad.
	"You!" Chandler was silenced by Sophie's stinging words.
	"Hey girl, how dare you say us like this? We raise you and your sister also loves you. Do you have conscience?" Joy took the words over and hit Sophie twice more.
	"Dad, Mom, Sophie really didn't mean it. She is just mad and talking nonsense. Don't blame her. Besides, she's pregnant." Rose picked up the kettle and poured a glass of water for herself, leisurely holding the glass.
	Sky, who had been calm, turned pale when he heard what Rose said. He widened his eyes and looked at Rose, who kept smiling lightly, as if she was just a bystander.
	He felt that this scene was very similar to when Rose betrayed him five years ago.
	The difference was that Rose had given birth to a child, while Sophie was still pregnant.
	He, Sky, was so "loved" by God that both his ex-fiancée and his wife had betrayed him and neither of their children were his.
	Five years ago, Sophie was considerate. But now, she was so hateful.
	Five years ago, Rose was hateful. But now, she was so considerate.
	History was always so strikingly similar. Sky put on a self-mocking smile. It seemed he really did not deserve to get happiness.
	He turned around with a sad face and went clumping out of the Linder family's living room.
	Sophie looked at Sky who was leaving and tried to catch up with him. But she tripped and fell to the ground. Her knees hurt so much that she couldn't stand up. So, she just lay on the ground and screamed bitterly at Sky's back, "Sky, don't go! Don't leave me and our baby! Sky...."
	Sky ignored her words and left without looking back, disappearing.
	Sophie just reached out, trying to catch Sky's figure. But she failed and got nothing.
	Sophie clenched her hands and cried on the ground....
	At this moment, she also tasted the feeling of falling into despair.
	Rose looked at Sophie, who was crying in pain, and smiled coldly.
	"Shame on you! What a shame!" Chandler was furious, "the Tanner family won't leave her!"
	"What can we do?" Joy was worried, "Will they come to our house to make trouble?"
	"Mom, are the dishes ready? I'm so hungry." Rose asked Joy.
	"Oh, I'll make it now." Joy recovered from worry.
	"Dad, why don't you go with Mom? I have something to talk to my sister." Rose sent them away with an excuse.
	"Alright. I will leave you guys alone." Mr. and Mrs. Linder then went to the kitchen together, not caring about Sophie at all.
	After they left for a while, Sophie's grief was almost released and her crying slowly stilled.
	Only then did Rose say, "Sophie, the wheel of fortune will swing round again. How do you feel now?"
	"Rose, it is you who are playing tricks, right? You made me come to such an end in front of Sky and Mom and Dad no longer pay attention to me! It's all because of you!" Sophie propped herself up, her eyes filled with hatred for Rose.
	"Sophie, you deserve it! You should have known that you would get your comeuppance today when you trapped me five years ago!" Rose slowly stood up and looked down at Sophie, as if she was looking at a humble mole under her feet, "If you have never intended to do harm to others, you wouldn't be like this now!"
	"You hurt me again and again for your own sake. If I don't fight back, you will think I am a punchbag, right?"
	Rose smiled gently and was graceful, "You drugged me to make me lose my chastity to Timothy, but you lost your own. You wanted to make me abandoned by Bright, but you were grounded in the Tanner family. You tried to show your innocence in front of Sky, but you are even not sure who the father of your child is, are you? You wanted to be with Sky, and now, you just lose him...."
	"You guessed one thing right. I was the one who asked someone to tell on you and Timothy. I just want you to also taste the feeling of losing your reputation and being abandoned by the one you love. Do you feel extremely sad and hurt? Then congratulations on suffering the pain I once felt."
Chapter 218 She Is Not a Good Person
	Rose's eyes were clear and stern, no longer the same simple and innocent as before.
	In these five years, she had had her fill of hardships and grew up.
	She would no longer be trapped by Sophie and lose everything. Instead, she would let Sophie be hoisted by her own petard.
	Now, seeing that Sophie broke down in pain and was abandoned by Sky, who left without looking back, and tried to fight back but could do nothing, Rose felt very happy.
	She knew she had changed. But such a change was only to make her better.
	"Rose, I'm going to kill you! I'm going to kill you!" Sophie was even more furious and looked fierce when she heard Rose admit that she was the one who made the report, "I'm going to kill you!"
	Sophie endured the pain in her knees, gritted her teeth and got up. She was like a runaway cow and pounced on Rose.
	Rose instinctively tried to dodge, but failed. She fell to the ground by Sophie.
	Sophie stretched out her arms, opened her ten fingers, and fiercely pinched Rose's neck.
	Rose was strangled by her and could not breathe. Her face turned red.
	She reached out to wrench herself free. But she didn't know why Sophie, who was usually gentle and weak, was so strong now. She couldn't wrench herself free at all.
	"Rose, you have done this to me. I can't live, and you can't live either! We will die together!" Sophie seemed to have lost her mind and her eyes were red.
	Rose was still struggling, trying to break free from Sophie. The instinct of longing to live made her not give up until the end.
	What's more, she had survived those days when life was worse than death. Now, she had not only a lovely child, but also a husband who loved her, a flourishing career, and a happy family. All these were the motivation for her to live.
	Rose glanced at the cup on the tea table. Sophie, who was almost mad, didn't notice it at all, just kept tightening her fingers.
	Rose reached out to the cup. She held her breath and slammed it down on Sophie's head with all her strength. The cup broke into pieces.
	Sophie's head was hit hard. It hurt so much that the strength in her hands weakened. Rose took the opportunity to push her away.
	Sophie was pushed to the floor. Rose, who broke free from Sophie, took a deep breath and propped herself up against the tea table.
	"Rose, you bitch!" Sophie stroked her head which was broken and felt the blood.
	She hated Rose even more. She picked the pieces of the cup on the floor, trying to get back at Rose once again.
	Rose stared at her face and said, "Sophie, you have a bloody cut on your face!"
	Sophie instinctively reached out to touch her face. There was indeed some blood on her fingertips.
	She was not as pretty as Rose. But she was sweet and lovely. Now, her face was destroyed, and she lost her only advantage.
	Sophie felt desperate. She grabbed the pieces of the cup in her right hand, pointing straight at Rose, "Since you destroy my face, then I will destroy your face too! After you become ugly, let me see if Bright will still want you!"
	Sophie rushed to Rose again. Rose dodged. But finally, Rose was caught.
	Sophie pressed the pieces in her hand towards Rose's face, while Rose held Sophie's wrist and resisted hard. They could not move each other....
	At this time, Chandler and Joy walked out of the kitchen and saw such a thrilling scene.
	"Sophie, you sinner! Stop it!" Chandler was shocked.
	"Sophie, stop it!" Joy anxiously advised her, "It's not good for you to do that!"
	If Bright found out about this, or if Sophie hurt Rose, how could they tell Bright?
	"Anyway, I have nothing left. I'm not afraid of anything! What can Bright do, even if he knows about it?" Sophie didn't care about the consequences, and just did as she pleased at the moment.
	However, Bright happened to appear in the Linder family's living room. Seeing this shocking scene, he frowned, stepped forward, and grabbed Sophie's arm, threw her out.
	Sophie had pain in her knee. She was thrown so hard that she stumbled and fell to the ground.
	Bright held Rose's shoulder, his eyes filled with concern, "Are you okay?"
	"I'm fine." Rose shook her head.
	But Bright noticed a ring of red marks on her snow-white neck, "What's this?"
	Rose looked to Sophie, "I'm not that weak."
	Bright knew that it was caused by Sophie. His eyes were cold and filled with anger, "Sophie, let me tell you what the consequence is if you want to know."
	Sophie, however, laughed out loud with carelessness. She was laughing so wildly and seemed not to be afraid at all.
	She stared at Bright's murderous ink eyes and said leisurely, "It's just that I will have nothing. What can I lose now? You can take them all away!"
	"Or you kill me! Anyway, it's worse than dying if I live like this. So, you can kill me and let me go!"
	"Kill you? It's too good for you. I will make your life worse than death! But in the legal society, I will punish you with the law. Sophie, you just wait."
	Sophie was still laughing, not taking Bright's words seriously at all, "Yeah, I'll wait."
	Chandler and Joy all felt nervous when they saw Sophie so irreverently talking to Bright and provoking him.
	Sophie was courting death! It was okay if she wanted to die. But she shouldn't implicate them.
	Chandler and Joy looked at Bright's cold face, and broke out in a sweat on their backs.
	"Let's go." Rose had achieved her goal and didn't want to stay here any longer.
	"Okay." Bright complied with her, his eyes filled with affection.
	The injury on her neck also needed to be treated. Anyway, dealing with Sophie was not in a hurry.
	"Rose, the meal is ready. You haven't had a bite..." Joy said as she watched that Bright helped Rose leave.
	"Just leave it to your favorite little daughter." Rose said indifferently.
	Sophie still laughed and said, "Bright, you are powerful and others all respect you. But in my eyes, you are a fool! You protect Rose so much and treat her like a treasure. But Rose is not a good person!"
Chapter 219 She Is Going to Tell the Whole Truth
	Sophie's words made Bright, who was leaving, stop. Rose looked at Bright beside her while Bright turned his eyes to Sophie.
	"I know what kind of person my wife is. I don't need you to remind me! Do you think I'll believe what you say?" Bright naturally wouldn't believe Sophie's words so easily, "You're just trying to drive a wedge between us. How can I get you what you want?"
	Sophie laughed, as if she had just heard a joke, "Bright, I know that I am not capable of driving a wedge between you guys. But I still have something to say. You can just treat what you will hear next as a story."
	Rose froze and grabbed Bright's clothes, "Bright, let's go home. Don't listen to her nonsense."
	"Bright, your good wife is scared and guilty." Sophie looked at Rose who wanted to leave.
	"Don't you have something to say? I'll give you a chance to say it today. Don't think I'll let you go just because you say so. What you need to be clear about is that nothing you say is going to help." But Bright wrapped his hand around Rose's shoulder, giving her strength, telling her not to be afraid and that he would be with her.
	Rose tried to calm herself down, not being affected by Sophie's words.
	"I didn't expect you to let me go easily at all. I just want to know your attitude. I will tell you properly about the other Rose you don't know. After you listen to it, I don't think you will be in the mood to deal with me first." Sophie was satisfied with Bright's attitude.
	But her eyes were resentful and vicious when she looked at Rose, "Rose has never been married to anyone. So, where did Doris come from? Don't you want to know?"
	Chandler shuddered with fear when he heard that, and Joy was also sweating.
	Rose seemed to be calm on the surface. But her face turned a little pale.
	Her breathing also unconsciously became heavy, and her fingers crossed together.
	"Sophie, that's enough! Rose and Bright love each other very much. You don't cherish your marriage and just talk nonsense here." Chandler wanted Sophie to stop. They must never let Bright know about Doris' birth.
	"Sophie, please. You're the lady of the Linder family. Stop acting like this, okay?" Joy was also anxious.
	Now, Sophie couldn't go back to the Tanner family. There would definitely be a rift or even hatred between them and the Tanner family.
	After all, the two daughters of the Linder family had wronged Sky. They would definitely start a feud.
	Sophie had fallen into disgrace. They couldn't let Rose, who married into the Lee family, suffer the same thing. They had to protect Rose. Otherwise, the Linder family would be faced with imminent disaster.
	"Dad, Mom, you only care about the interests of the Linder family and your glory. Do you really love me and Rose? We are just pawns for you to get benefits for the Linder family. You have never been sincere to me! Why should I listen to you? "
	"You are protecting Rose now because she married into the Lee family and married Bright. If she is also abandoned by Bright, you will not love anyone. It is fair, isn't it?"
	"I just want to do a good thing now. Rose does not deserve to marry a good man like Bright!" Sophie said, as if she was defending Bright against an injustice.
	"Bright... Sophie has lost her mind and is talking nonsense. So, don't bother with her." Chandler tried to persuade Bright to leave, "Take Rose away now. We will teach Sophie well."
	"Yes, yes, yes. You guys go first." Joy echoed, trying to let them leave.
	"I'm not losing my mind and talking nonsense. I'm more awake now than ever and know what I'm going to do and speak." Sophie glared at her parents, "Instead, you are trying to stop me from telling the truth about Doris. Do you want to hide the scandal for Rose five years ago? Do you want Bright to be a fool who knows nothing?"
	"Mr. Bright, please let them go, so that I can tell you a whole story. I don't think you want to be treated as a fool by Rose, right?"
	Bright glanced coldly at Mr. and Mrs. Linder. They could only purse their lips and dared not speak.
	Seeing that Sophie was about to say what had happened five years ago, Rose came near to a breakdown. The worst she had expected came at last.
	She didn't want Bright to know that she had slept with him once and gave birth to Doris for Sky's life. Bright was so proud. How could he be willing to be used as a pawn to save Sky?
	Besides, Doris was his real daughter. She had been hiding it. Bright had given her his full trust. But she lied to him.
	She couldn't let Bright know all this. She didn't want to lose him and this family.
	"Bright, you cannot believe in her words and listen to her." Rose held his wrist with both hands, "Let's go home. Doris is still waiting for us at home."
	Bright felt the coldness from her fingertips. Even her face was white. He stared at her eyes, as if he was trying to tell what she was feeling now.
	"What are you afraid of?" Bright felt that Rose was now very abnormal and anxious.
	"I'll tell you what you want to know, not her." Rose could only compromise. She would tell Bright about this thing herself, so that she could say half the truth and half the lie to avoid leaking some important information.
	"Mr. Bright, you cannot believe her. What Rose says can't be the whole truth." Sophie was standing just two meters away from them, and felt comfortable watching Rose's panicked expression.
	"I know who the child's father is. You don't need to say more." Bright thought that Doris was Sky's daughter.
	"You can't possibly know." Sophie was certain.
	"I don't want to know either." Bright looked at Rose, who was so anxious that her eyes were red, and intended to give her a chance.
	With that, Bright led Rose out of the Linder family's living room. Rose was slightly relaxed. Just now, she was really anxious and her tears were almost falling down. Fortunately, Bright chose to respect her and give her the chance to say it herself.
	Before they went to the entrance, Sophie chased out and spoke, as if to herself, "Mr. Bright, five years ago, Rose and Sky had a marriage contract. But Rose gave birth to an illegitimate child behind Sky's back. Why?"
	"Because Sky was very sick and could not find a bone marrow match. He could hardly survive. Rose found a man who could match Sky's bone marrow and slept with him. Then, she was pregnant. The child was Doris. Fortunately, Doris could match Sky's bone marrow and saved him."
Chapter 220 She Married You Just to Use You
	Bright stopped after hearing these words, having been seized by curiosity.
	Rose, who was holding him, had no choice but to stop. No matter what she did, she could not stop Sophie from telling what had happened back then.
	People couldn't wrap fire in paper anyway. The fire would burn everything.
	Rose closed her eyes in despair and could only listen to Sophie quietly as Sophie continued.
	But fortunately, Sophie did not know that the man was Bright. Rose could still keep this secret.
	"That man is a pawn. Doris is also a tool to save Sky and was born by accident. As for the Doris' father, Rose never told me. So, I have no idea. But with Mr. Bright's ability, it's easy to find out who that man is."
	"Mr. Bright, Rose is not as simple and beautiful as you see. She is also selfish. To save her beloved man, she sacrificed and cheated another man. She gave birth to Doris, but could not give her a father and a family."
	"Mr. Bright, did she tell you all these things? Does she really love you? I can tell you for sure that the person she loves is Sky. I did steal Sky from her back then. So, when she came back to see me and Sky in love, she did all this to take revenge. But does she have no selfishness?"
	"If she didn't love Sky, why would she be so hard on me? She married you just to use your identity to take revenge. But is it just my fault that Sky abandoned her?"
	"It was because Sky did not trust her. Sky was the one who hurt her the most. Why didn't she take revenge on Sky? Mr. Bright is so smart. I think I don't need to say more and you should also know. Mr. Bright, I say this to let you recognize that Rose is not as good as you think. I don't want her to deceive you and use you relying on her harmless face!"
	"Mr. Bright, don't thank me. I just want to do a good thing…"
	"Shut up!" Bright approached and grabbed Sophie by the neck with his right hand.
	Sophie was almost strangled on the spot and tasted the feeling Rose suffered just now.
	"These words can only be kept in your mind from now on. If you dare to reveal a word, don't blame me for cutting your tongue!" Bright threatened her fiercely, "Understand?"
	Bright was cold and like Satan, freezing Sophie.
	Sophie dared not to hesitate and could only nod obediently.
	Seeing her nod, Bright then let go of her, his eyes filled with disgust.
	Sophie touched her neck, bent over and coughed several times. She felt very uncomfortable. Just now, she really thought that she was going to die.
	Although she felt that she had nothing and was not afraid of death, she was flustered when she really experienced this moment. She struggled desperately to survive.
	Bright turned around and pulled Rose to get into the car, drove the car out of the Linder family's villa.
	Only after hearing the car drive away did Chandler and Joy rush out of the villa, only to see Sophie standing alone in the darkness.
	"Did you talk to Bright about what happened five years ago?" Chandler asked anxiously.
	They stayed in the house and did not dare to come out. So, they didn't hear the truth.
	"Yes. Since Rose makes me have a hard time, I give her back tit for tat. Even if Bright won't abandon her now, there will be a rift in his mind, which will sting him every moment. One day, he won't be able to stand it and pull out! At that time, Rose will lose everything like me today." This was Sophie's purpose.
	"Sophie, are you crazy? What nonsense are you talking about?" Joy scolded Sophie, "I told you not to provoke her. But you just did as you pleased. Now, you got yourself into it. What's good for you to lose Sky?"
	"Mom, I can't live without Sky. Since I can't live, then Rose can't live either." Sophie was injuring others and ruining herself now.
	"You don't think Rose will come to a good end, so you will? You are the one who will be dealt with when Bright calms down!" Joy still loved her young daughter, "I have an idea. You go to apologize to them sincerely. Even if they ask you to kneel down, you also should do! After all, we are still a family. As long as you have a good attitude, it can be solved. Do you have to put yourself in such a situation?"
	"Apologize?" Sophie sneered, "If an apology works, there won't be so many people afraid of Bright!"
	"Even if you don't think about yourself, you should think about the baby in your belly. Don't you want to make up with Sky? As long as you have his child, he will do something out of consideration for the child." Joy sighed and persuaded Sophie.
	"Mom, can Sky and I make up?" Sophie's gloomy eyes lit.
	"If you keep the baby, there will be hope. Sky is the only son of the Tanner family. With his health, it is so lucky for him to have this child. Doesn't the Tanner family want this baby?" Joy continued to pacify Sophie. She also wanted to make up with the Tanner family. It was better to be friends than enemies. Besides, the Tanner family was powerful.
	There were projects they were working on, especially the Beach Hotel. They definitely couldn't go wrong at this time.
	"You have done such a thing. A man will definitely feel ashamed and annoyed. Sky is angry, which means that he cares about you. He is in a fit of anger. When he cools down, he will forgive you. We will accompany you to the Tanner family to apologize and admit mistakes. This child is the key for you and Sky to be together, and is also the bargaining chip for us to make up with the Tanner family. All you have to do now is to keep yourself in the right frame of mind and take care of the baby." Little by little, Joy instilled hope in Sophie.
	"Mom, I'll do whatever you say." Sophie cheered up when she thought of that she had hoped to be with Sky.
	Chandler interjected, "Sophie, tell me honestly if this baby is Sky's or Timothy's!"
	"Sky's." Sophie was certain.
	"You can't lie to us." Chandler frowned, "Only if it's Sky's, can there be a slight chance of a turnaround. Otherwise, not only will there be no chance, you'll be kicked out of the Tanner family and Sky won't give you another chance."
	"I know. It's mine and Sky's baby. It's ours." Sophie reached out to touch her belly, her eyes brimming with tears. She looked down and said to the baby, "Baby, let's go to Daddy together and make him forgive Mommy. We can do it. Come on."
	"You'd better think that way." Joy said, "Go inside and clean yourself up. Have some rest, and let's go to the Tanner family to apologize tomorrow."
Chapter 221 I Am Indeed Very Angry
	Bright had been silent after driving out of the Linder family's villa. He did not say a word, and even his face was cold and gloomy. Rose sitting next to him felt stressed and could hardly breathe.
	Rose looked at Bright's cold profile, gently open her mouth, and tried to say something. But the words died on her lips as she didn't know what to say.
	What Sophie said was true. She did lie to Bright. So, she was the one who was guilty and couldn't deny it.
	Rose looked away and lowered her head. the shadows falling under her eyes to create a dark greenish hue.
	She crossed her hands with mixed feelings.
	The cramped space in the car made the silence between them even more intense.
	Bright drove back to Asgard Lake Community. After parking the car, he did not immediately get off. Seeing he didn't get off, Rose also didn't move and seemed to be waiting for him to speak.
	Bright sat for a few minutes and then said, "Get off the car and go home."
	"Don't you... have anything to say to me?" Rose mustered the courage to speak first.
	"We can talk about it after we go home." Bright unbuckled his seat belt and got off the car.
	Rose followed him. Seeing Bright walk to the house, she rushed after him.
	But she was so anxious and in such a hurry that she didn't pay attention to her feet and twisted her ankle, "Ah..."
	She instinctively screamed out. Bright, who was walking in front of her, heard her voice, turned to look at her, and immediately turned back to help her.
	"Why are you so careless? What are you thinking about?" Bright scolded her for her carelessness.
	"I ... I'm fine." Rose tried to stand up and felt that nothing was wrong.
	When Bright saw that she was fine, he was about to loosen his grip and let her go. Rose grabbed his hand in a hurry while seeing this, "Are you mad at me?"
	"No." Bright said lightly.
	"But I clearly feel that you are angry." Rose could feel it, "You didn't talk to me the whole way, and didn't smile when we got home. If you have something to say to me, just say it and I'm listening."
	Bright, however, only stared at her for a moment, "Let's go inside first, okay?"
	Bright withdrew his hand and walked inside.
	Rose looked at her empty hand, and felt extra cold without Bright around.
	She also entered the house. Bright had changed his shoes and gone upstairs. He went to Kathy's room first.
	He pushed the door open, turned on the wall light, and walked to Kathy's bed. Looking at her peaceful sleeping face for a while, Bright tucked her in, kissed her on the forehead, and then left.
	Rose saw what he did. Anyway, Bright did not dislike Kathy, but still cared about her very much.
	Rose felt warm and followed Bright back to their bedroom.
	Bright remained silent, took a robe, and went to the bathroom to take a shower. Rose just sat there. She was in an extremely bad mood and upset now.
	It turned out that she was so afraid of losing Bright. When Bright got angry, she felt her mind was in turmoil.
	When Bright came out after the bath, Rose stood up and greeted him, "I have something to say to you."
	"I'm tired today. I don't want to say or hear anything, and just want to rest." Bright threw the towel aside.
	He was so cold, which upset Rose.
	But any man who knew his wife had such a past would have been unable to accept it, right?
	"Bright, I know it's wrong of me to hide the past. But that's just the past. We didn't even know each other at that time. I can't change the past. If you are angry because of my past, I can only say I'm sorry for not knowing you earlier." Rose pursed her lips and brought up the matter first.
	Bright sat on the edge of the bed and remained silent.
	"It was true that I slept with someone to give birth to a child to save Sky. It was not only because he was my fiancé at that time, but also because he had saved my life. So, when he had an accident, I could not stand by and watch him die. I did not know how I got the courage to make such a decision and give birth to a child to save him. But now, I have no regrets about the decision. I said that I could not change the past."
	"I can only take the past as a lesson for my growth and always remind myself not to make the same mistakes again. But I didn't expect to meet you and be with you now. But I swear I have never thought of making use of you. I remember how good you are to me. I also try my best to treat you well as your wife. This is my first time to be someone's wife, but I didn't do it well at last... Sorry."
	"I have said all there is to be said. If you have any dissatisfaction or are going to make any decision, including our deal... I have no complaints... After all, it's my fault to hide too much from you. " Rose could not help but choke on the final words.
	She then took a deep breath to calm herself down. But her eyes were still a little red.
	Bright looked at Rose and felt distressed. But he did not want to forgive her so quickly.
	"Do you think I'm angry because I listened to Sophie, or care about your past?"
	Rose gently looked up at him, not understanding what he meant.
	"You think I'm so superficial? I will be affected by just a few words? Or do you have too little trust in me?"
	"Aren't you angry at all? My past is indeed wretched and hard to speak out. As Sophie said, I am not so perfect. I am also selfish. So, I harmed Kathy and let her be born with an unfair fate."
	"Other people don't necessarily do better than you when they come across something like this. So, you've done well." Bright pacified her.
	"Really?" Rose was happy to win such praise from Bright.
	Bright showed his attitude and position, "No matter what she says, I won't believe her. Because you are my wife. If I don't even have basic trust in you, then I am not a man and much less worthy of being your husband."
	Rose listened carefully to what he said, and gradually calmed down. Bright's words gave her an inner sense of security.
	"Thank you for trusting me." Rose felt that she had misunderstood Bright.
	"But Rose, do you trust me?" Bright switched the conversation to other subject, and his eyes were cold, "Don't think that you are all right because I believe you. I am indeed very angry. Do with that what you will."
Chapter 222 When Has He Been So Awkward?
	Rose lightly bit her lips and frowned in thought. Since he wasn't angry about her past, or Sophie's provocation, was he angry that she didn't trust him as much as he did?
	She glanced at Bright and asked, "I don't distrust you. But I'm not confident."
	"What do you mean?" Bright frowned.
	Rose hesitated whether to say. She was afraid she would anger him again by saying it.
	"Aren't you going to say something? Why don't you continue?" Bright asked again.
	"You can't get mad again if I say it." Rose whispered.
	"So, you know that what you say will anger me? Then why can't you say something that won't anger me and will make me happy?" Bright's cold gaze fell on Rose's face and met her eyes, "Is it so hard for you to say something nice, Rose? Or I don't deserve it?"
	Or maybe Rose just loved Sky all the time. So, as Sophie said, even though it was Sky who hurt Rose most, Rose didn't even get back at him.
	Bright could not ask such a question. He had his pride and was afraid that he would get an answer that would break his heartstrings.
	He clenched his fists with mixed feelings.
	What he really cared about was if Rose really loved him.
	"No, I just don't want to lie to you." Rose tried not to deceive him now. After all, she had deceived him about too many things.
	"Now, you say you don't want to lie to me. Then what have you done before?" Bright was depressed.
	In fact, he had tried hard to convince himself to trust Rose, so that they could keep their marriage.
	But he found that he could not do it. After all, it was related to their relationship. He did not want to ignore it. If he just wanted to ignore it, he would not develop their marriage seriously.
	He didn't mind her past. As she said, she couldn't change the past. But who was she thinking about now?
	"After the incident Sophie said happened five years ago, I was given up by my dear parents and betrayed by Sky. Sky proposed to Sophie without even listening to me. I was expelled from the Linder family and disappeared to City Y. It was my wound. I couldn’t let it go all these years and wanted revenge."
	"These years, I never dare to open my heart to accept anyone. After being with you, I always feel like I'm dreaming. How will such an excellent man like you be so kind to me? You spoil me and protect me. Then, I gradually rely more on you...."
	"But I'm afraid I will recommit the same error and lose everything... So, I do not dare to try my best and completely fall in love with you..."
	"That's enough!" Bright did not have the courage to continue listening.
	His expression subconsciously changed. He secretly took a deep breath and suppressed his anger, afraid that he would act irrationally after getting angry.
	Rose was frightened by his words.
	She knew that Bright was really angry, no, he was furious.
	"Bright, listen to me. After listening to what I say, it is up to you whether to get angry or not." Rose was anxious and tried to go on.
	"I don't want to hear it right now. I think we both need to calm down." Bright got up, "I'm going to sleep in the guest room today."
	Since she wanted to lie to him, then just kept lying, or maybe he wanted to deceive himself and didn't want to be sober to face reality.
	Bright had stridden away from their bedroom.
	"Bright!" Rose looked at his back.
	But the only answer to her was just the sound of opening and closing the door. She was left alone in the spacious bedroom.
	Rose was a little upset, covering her face with her hands....
	This night, they all did not sleep peacefully.
	In the morning, Bright remained silent when he came back from his morning run and went to the bedroom to shower and changed clothes. Rose felt as if she was air in his eyes.
	Overnight, they seemed to be separated from each other.
	She didn't disturb him. So, she went to get Kathy up and took her downstairs for breakfast.
	Bright arrived later. Kathy called out to him cheerfully, "Good morning, Daddy."
	"Good morning, baby." Bright reached out and gently rubbed Kathy's hair.
	Bright did not show any dislike for Kathy, but still spoiled her as before.
	After breakfast, Bright and Rose took Kathy to school together. Then, Bright took Rose to her company.
	On the way to the company, Rose wanted to say something to him. Just as she was about to speak, Bright received a phone call, "This matter is not urgent. You do not have to come over. You are not in good health. So, do not bother. We'll be back later. It's not too late to meet at that time. That's it."
	Rose did not know who he was calling, and dared not ask, "Thank you for still being so good to Kathy."
	"Kathy is innocent. I am not so mean." Bright put away the phone, and looked out the car window.
	"That's not what I mean." Rose certainly knew that he was not such a man.
	Love and hate in the adult world had nothing to do with children. No matter how terribly cool he was to Rose, Bright was still good to Kathy.
	"Last night..." Rose wanted to continue yesterday's conversation, but was interrupted by Bright, "Why didn't you tell me that Kathy's real father wasn't Sky? Why did you keep it from me?"
	Bright had asked Rose if Kathy's father was Sky back then. Rose had acquiesced.
	Now, Sophie said Kathy's father was someone else.
	"I ..." Rose didn't know how to answer for a moment.
	"Ignore it." Bright raised his elbow, clenched his hand, and lifted it to his lips.
	What was the point of asking the question now? Yes or no, it was none of his business anymore.
	Or maybe she subconsciously wanted Kathy's father to be Sky.
	They fell silent again. Rose felt frustrated. She wanted to talk to Bright, but unable to express herself properly.
	Rose was about to get off the car when they arrived at the branch of YM Group in City H.
	"Enjoy your lunch at noon." Rose waved at him after saying this.
	"You too." Bright then instructed the driver to drive away.
	He felt he had been fooling himself. He thought he could make Rose fall in love with him by being nice enough to her. But he forgot that it was not directly related to love.
	She did not give him unconditional love... Wasn't it because she still could not get over Sky?
	When had he, Bright, been so awkward!
Chapter 223 Take a Paternity Test After Giving Birth to the Child
	In the Tanner family.
	At 7:30 in the morning, Joy took Sophie to the Tanner family. Chandler did not go with them. He felt so humiliated. Moreover, he could not face Sam and May. After all, his two daughters had hurt Sky and let the Tanner family down.
	But Rose did not marry Sky at that time anyway. This time, Sophie had gone too far. As the daughter-in-law of the Tanner family, she had an affair with Timothy and was even caught by the police on the spot and recorded. If it wasn't for their friendship with the Tanner family for so many years and he didn't want to ruin their relationship, Chandler really did not want to control Sophie, his daughter.
	Joy preferred Sophie since childhood. Sophie also listened to her. So, seeing Sophie like this, Joy wanted to help her.
	"Mom, do you think I look good like this?" Sophie straightened her clothes and checked her makeup and hair again.
	"You've asked me many times. That's good enough." Joy looked at her and said.
	"Will I look pale with this light makeup? And my face still has the scratch left yesterday ... It is so ugly. Will Sky dislike me?" the scratch on Sophie's face was very thin, not enough to disfigure her. But as a woman, she could not stand to have a little blemish, especially on the face.
	"You are going to apologize for doing something wrong. Why do you have to be dressed up? The more pathetic you look, the better. In this way, you can get their sympathy." Joy reached out and pushed her forehead, "It is not the right time to think about being beautiful."
	Sophie nodded, feeling that her mother was right. So, she put the powder case away and was uneasy, "Mom, do you think Sky will see me? Yesterday, he said I did not deserve to go back to the Tanner family again ... I'm afraid he won't see me."
	If she couldn't even see Sky, then what could she do?
	"No. Don't worry. Mom will be with you. The Tanner family will not treat you badly out of consideration for me. Besides, one night of love is worth a hundred of friendship. You are pregnant with Sky's child. As long as you have a good attitude and look pitiful when apologizing with sincerity, they will forgive you. After all, they can't let the child be born without a father or mother. No one can bear it." Every word Joy said hit the nail on the head.
	"Mom, I will definitely behave myself later. I won't let you down." Sophie made up her mind.
	The guard saw that it was the Linder family's car and let them go in.
	The driver parked the car in the courtyard. Joy and Sophie got off the car, then took some gifts they had brought, and walked to the house.
	The Tanner family had just finished breakfast. Sam and Sky were about to go to work. Alaya was going to send her kid to school. And May was seeing them off.
	Joy and Sophie then entered the house. Joy said with a smile, "Good morning, guys. Sorry to bother you."
	The smiles on all the Tanner family's faces disappeared when they saw Sophie, and they all turned cold.
	Joy and Sophie naturally felt that they were regarded as unwelcome intruders by the Tanner family. But since they were here and had prepared themselves mentally, they had no choice but to go on.
	Joy winked at Sophie, who stepped forward and put the gift box on the coffee table. Sky glanced at her, "Who let her in?"
	"Sky..." Sophie called him weakly.
	"Sky, this is also Sophie's home. It's normal for her to come home." Joy smiled and said.
	"I made it clear last night at the Linder family that she did not deserve to go back to the Tanner family. So, she is no longer a member of the Tanner family. Please get out." Sky was heartless.
	"Sky, Sophie is your wife and has saved you. Even if you do not care about your relationship, you should remember that she is your savior. Besides, she is pregnant with your child. Can't you forgive her for once?" Joy interceded for Sophie and pushed her secretly.
	Sophie also reacted and said with a sad face, "Dad, Mom, Alaya, Sky, I know I was wrong. But I was forced by Timothy! I really love Sky. I swear that I will never bring shame on the Tanner family again. For the sake of the unborn baby, please give me a chance!"
	"Sophie, don't insult love. You don't deserve to talk about love!" Sky was already unable to bear the betrayal.
	If he forgave Sophie this time, he should have forgiven Rose back then!
	"Sophie, you have brought shame on our family and cuckolded Sky. How dare you come here to ask us to forgive you and give you another chance? What do you think we are? A garbage dump?" Alaya stood up for Sky and spoke for her parents who were not good at saying harsh words.
	"After this scandal between you and Timothy, how can you guarantee that the baby in your belly is Sky's? Don't treat us all as fools!"
	"The baby in my belly is really Sky's. he is the Tanner family's grandson." Sophie explained in a hurry, reaching out and stroking her flat belly, "Don't you even want your own child? This is the only bloodline of the Tanner family!"
	"Sophie, if you say he is, then he is? You've lied too much. We won't believe you anymore." May had seen through Sophie's true face. After this scandal, she would not accept Sophie anymore.
	"Sophie, you've never been wronged in our family. Has Sky wronged you? Why do you have to do such a shameless thing!" Sam remembered Rose and looked at Sophie in front of him, getting angrier, "Do we owe the Linder family? Why did you guys bring shame on us again and again?"
	"Let me tell you, our family will not accept such a shameless woman! Rose and you will never be forgiven by us! Even if Sky forgives you, we will not forgive you as his parents!"
	"Dad, Mom, I won't be that stupid." Sky was now more sober than ever. He looked down at Sophie who had tears in her eyes, "Sophie, since you claim the child is mine, then alright. We will divorce after you give birth to the child."
	"At that time, we will take a paternity test. If the child is mine, I will not shirk my responsibility and will raise the child. If not, then please take your child away and you will have nothing to do with my family!"
	Sky's words broke Sophie's last hope. She fell into despair.
	"No, no! I don't agree!" Sophie was heartbroken and painful, "Sky, you can't do this. Our child can't have no father."
Chapter 224 I'm the One Who Really Loves You
	Sophie felt painful and cried at the thought of being separated from Sky and the thought of her child being born without a father.
	"Sky, I'm your wife. You can't be so cruel to me. I am the one who has been at your side and has stayed with you to get back on your feet and recover ... " Rose could not help but cry, "Now, I am pregnant with your child. You can't leave the child without a mother. We can't get a divorce!"
	"The child has not been born. I'm not sure whose child he is until taking a paternity test. You really think I am stupid." There was no sympathy or softness on Sky's handsome face at all, "If not for the sake of the past, I wouldn't have waited until the baby is born to divorce you."
	"From now on, you are not allowed to come back to the Tanner family and disturb our lives. You will live in the Linder family's villa. The money you need to spend on food, clothing and physical examination will be transferred to your card on the 1st of every month until you give birth. That's all I can do for you."
	"No, I don't want a divorce. I don't want to leave the Tanner family. I don't want to leave you!" Sophie shouted and begged. But Sky ignored her.
	"Sophie, this is my decision. It's not up to you!" Sky was so cold and the decision he made would not be easily changed, "Leave now and don't dirty my house."
	"Dad, Mom, Alaya, please help me persuade Sky. I don't want to divorce him. I don't want to leave our family ... Please. Now, Sky will only listen to you guys..." Seeing that Sky was unmoved, Sophie could only place her hope on other members of the Tanner family.
	She knelt down on the ground and kowtowed to Sam and May to show her sincerity.
	"Sam, May, Alaya, Sky, look. Sophie has already known she was wrong. Please forgive her for once. She will definitely listen to you guys in the future and never do anything stupid again." Seeing this, Joy was also helpless and tried to make peace, "Sky, as the saying goes, one night of love is worth a hundred of friendship. Just forgive her this time, okay?"
	"She has done such a thing. How can we forgive her?" Sam asked rhetorically, "She was so shameless and even taken to the police station! Our family is not a punchbag! We can't forgive her."
	"We all respect Sky's decision!" May and Alaya also agreed, "We cannot forgive her."
	"If I can forgive this kind of thing, then five years ago, I should have forgiven Rose and would have had nothing to do with Sophie!" Sky felt sad and slowly closed his eyes.
	Once she heard Sky mention Rose, a spurt of anger flashed through Sophie.
	"Rose?" Sophie stood up from the ground and confronted Sky, "Sky, don't you know how I, Sophie, have treated you for so many years? I was bullied by Timothy. As my husband, you did not seek justice for me, and even disregard the child in my belly and now you want to divorce me?"
	"You are so heartless. I know you have not forgotten Rose! You always say that you hate her. But you still love her inside."
	"I turned a blind eye and pretended not to know the fact that you loved other women in your heart. I was forced by Timothy. You cheated mentally and I cheated physically. We're even! I will not divorce you!"
	"Sophie, you are simply shameless!" May was so angry that she trembled.
	"May, don't be angry. It's not worth getting angry with this kind of person." Alaya supported May and patted her back to calm her down.
	Sky slowly opened his eyes. He was no longer gentle and looked at Sophie with cold eyes, "Get out!"
	"Why should I get out?" Sophie smiled coldly, "I married you. I am the daughter-in-law of the Tanner family. I have the right to live here before our divorce! This is also my home!"
	She widened her eyes which were filled with tears. But she remained stubborn, "As long as I am a member of the Tanner family, I will not let Rose into this home and take my place! Sky, no way!"
	"Oh ... I forgot that Rose has married Mr. Bright. She is the noble Mrs. Bright now. Even if you want her to marry into the Tanner family, she will despise it. I'm the only fool in the world who will always be at your side!" Sophie's chest heaved violently. There was a mixture feeling of hatred and resentment, "Why can't you just look at me? I'm the one who really loves you."
	"Sophie, you say you love Sky. What have you done can show that you love Sky?" Alaya frowned, "Timothy forced you? How did he force you? If you didn't have anything on him, how could he force you to sleep with him?"
	"I used to think you were a nice girl, gentle and sweet. But look at yourself now. You're the one who did something wrong to Sky and the Tanner family. How can you still speak with such great confidence?"
	"What is wrong with me? I am forced to be like this by you guys!" Sophie's eyes were red, and she treated everyone as the enemy.
	Sky didn't say anything more to her, but just said, "Guys, get her out of here. Don't let her in anymore. Anyone who lets her in will be fired by the Tanner family."
	"Yes, sir."
	Then two men stepped forward and said to Sophie, "Mrs. Tanner…"
	"She is no longer Mrs. Tanner of the Tanner family." Sky corrected their address.
	"Ms. Linder, please leave now, or we will be rude." The two men tried fair means before resorting to force.
	"Who are you guys? If you dare to touch me, I will kill you!" Sophie glared at the two men and was still arrogant.
	"Dad, let's go to work. Leave this to them." Sky called out to Sam.
	Sam frowned as he looked at Sophie, who was now crazy, and turned to leave.
	"Sky, don't you go. Don't leave me." Seeing Sky was leaving, Sophie hastened to go after him and block his way.
	Sky didn't want to look at her at all and just said to the two men coldly, "Why are you still standing there? There is no need to be polite to her. Just throw her out of here."
	"Yes." The two men stepped forward and grabbed Sophie, while Sophie cursed, "You two are just the Tanner family's watchdogs. How dare you touch me? Let go of me!"
	The two men ignored her curses and dragged Sophie towards the outside of the living room.
Chapter 225 You Should Have Known the Consequences
	Joy watched Sophie being dragged straight out by the two men and could tell that the Tanner family was determined not to accept Sophie anymore. She was also exhausted.
	She still persuaded Sky hopefully, "Sky, calm down. Sophie is pregnant now and is in a bad mood, talking nonsense. Please don't blame her for what she has done. I will definitely teach her a lesson."
	"I have nothing more to say to her." Sky glanced at the things on the coffee table, "Please take what you brought with you."
	With that, Sky and Sam then went out. Alaya helped May upstairs, leaving Joy alone in the living room.
	"Mrs. Linder, I will send you out." Lauren, the servant of the Tanner family, came forward and said.
	Joy sighed and was too ashamed to stay in the Tanner family. So, she turned to leave helplessly.
	Lauren picked up the gift boxes on the coffee table and followed Joy to send her out.
	Sophie was held by the two men. She couldn't break free and could only watch Sky get into the car, unable to get close.
	"Sky, you can't do this to me!" Sophie just repeated these words, unwilling to be a stranger to Sky.
	She had gone to great lengths to drive away Rose five years ago and got Sky's trust and affection. But after only five years, she had nothing left.
	What she had given and her feelings for Sky was true. She even gave Sky her heart. But now, she was still abandoned by Sky.
	How could Sophie be resigned to it? It was so hard to get over it!
	But no one paid any attention to Sophie, as if she was the air. No matter what she said or cursed or yelled, they just ignored her.
	The driver drove the car out of the Tanner family's carved gate. Sophie was pulled out of the Tanner family's gate by the two men.
	Once Sophie was free, she chased after the black car Sky was sitting in.
	"Sky, wait for me. Sky, have you forgotten what you said five years ago? Have you forgotten that when we got married, you said you would take care of me for the rest of your life and wouldn't leave me alone? Sky ... you can't do this to me ... " Sophie desperately chased after the car and kept crying.
	But Sky was unmoved by Sophie's actions. He sat in the car and just slowly closed his eyes, not wanting to look at Sophie's strange face through the reversing mirror.
	"Sky, are you okay?" Sam looked at Sky, who frowned, and felt distressed.
	"Dad, I'm fine." Sky shook his head, but did not open his eyes.
	"The Linder family has gone too far. Don't worry. Dad won't let you suffer so much again and again." Sam patted Sky's shoulder, "From now on, we will never have any cooperation with the Linder family again."
	"For a woman like Sophie, don't feel sorry for her. She made her bed, let her lie in it. She can't blame anyone!"
	"Dad, I know. Don't worry. I can handle it." Sky opened his eyes and smiled at Sam.
	Sophie was still chasing the car. Sky said to the driver, "Drive faster."
	"Yes." The driver nodded and step on the accelerator harder to drive faster and shake Sophie off.
	The accelerating car lengthened the distance between her and Sky. It gradually disappeared at the corner. Sophie, who had been pampered, didn't run far away before she had exhausted her strength and collapsed on the ground.
	She braced her hands on the ground, gulping for air. Sweat dripped on the ground. But she kept staring at the direction the car disappeared and was not willing to look away.
	"Sky ... why are you so cruel to me ..." Sophie clenched her fists slowly and was painful. Her shoulders trembled. She bit her lips and finally cried.
	In these two days, she shed more tears than she did in the five years she was with Sky.
	Back then, it was because of happiness. Now, it was because of despair.
	The Linder family's car stopped next to Sophie. Joy was sitting in it.
	The window was rolled down. Joy looked down at Sophie who was sitting on her knees in the middle of the road crying, "What's the use of crying now! If you had known it would come to this, you would have acted differently!"
	"If you hadn't let Timothy and Rose go on a blind date, would I have been set up and forced by him? Don't you have any responsibility for me being where I am today?" Sophie laughed bitterly.
	When Joy heard this, her face sank and she was very unhappy.
	"Sophie, as your mother, I have done what I can do for you. The Tanner family can't forgive you and I can't help it. I am too ashamed to come to the Tanner family again. So, you can stay here as you want." With that, Joy said to the driver, "Let's go."
	The window was slowly rolled up and blocked Joy's delicate face with makeup. Joy was indifferent.
	The car passed by Sophie and drove away. Dust from the back of the car poured on Sophie's face, making her choke and cough.
	Sophie looked at the distant car but did not move at all. She would not just leave the Tanner family with nothing.
	She had to wait here for Sky. She didn't believe that he was so cruel to her. He must be in a fit of anger and couldn't forgive her now. She should wait here for him until he cooled down. Then, she could go home and they could still love each other as before.
	Sophie cherished illusions, stood up, and walked to the Tanner family's front door. She rang the doorbell, but the rest of the Tanner family didn't dare to let her in.
	No matter what she said or did, they ignored her.
	Sophie had to wait outside the door and sat on the ground against the pillar when she couldn't support herself anymore.
	In the living room, May was drinking herbal tea with Alaya, "Has she left?"
	"Not yet." Alaya shook her head.
	"This woman is so shameless!" May was so angry that she put the delicate European-style tea cup in the saucer with a displeased face, "What if she's seen by others while she keeps staying at the door? She has disgraced our family. Now she even wants to drag us to hell. She really has ulterior motives!"
	"May, don't be angry. It's not worth it to damage your health." Alaya leisurely sipped her tea, "She is definitely not resigned now. Just ignore her. She will give up after two or three days."
	"And she is the one who did something wrong. If she remains stubborn, we can hold a press conference to make it clear. People who know nothing will understand how aggrieved we are."
	"Then we will be laughed at by others!" May didn't think it was a good idea.
	"The Linder family will be humiliated too! So, I will make it clear to the Linder family. Either we'll all be ridiculed, or they take their precious daughter back and stay away from our family." Alaya said.
	May nodded and relaxed a little, "But it really gives Sky a hard time."
	Alaya held the cup in her hand and pursed her lips, not saying a word.
Chapter 226 He Decided to Divorce
	Sky arrived at the Tanner Group and entered the General Manager's office. Then his assistant Rex Cox followed in, "Mr. Sky, what can I do for you?"
	Sky sat down on the leather swivel chair and said, "Help me find out what Rose was doing when I was hospitalized five years ago, which man did she know and who is the child's father. And I want to know who the donor was. Find out the answers as soon as possible."
	"Yes, Mr. Sky." Rex promised and then left.
	After he left, Sky put his elbows on the desk, with his fingers clasped and his eyebrows frowned.
	After sitting there for a while, he stood up and then squatted down to open the last drawer of the desk, and then he took out a white wooden picture frame which was covered by many books.
	He put the picture frame on the desk. The glass of the frame was broken, but the picture inside was still intact. He stroked the person in the picture with his fingers through the glass.
	The girl in the picture was Rose. She was about 18 years old in the picture; she was standing under a cherry tree, with long hair and hair clasp in the picture; she smiled happily and looked like a fairy in a fairyland with a white dress and the petals falling down around her.
	He always put this picture on the head of his bed; later he took it into his office when he had an internship; and then he took it into the hospital when he was sick, because he wanted to stay with her every moment. However, she disappeared when he was sick and he was about to die...
	When she appeared with a child in her arms, he felt hurt and sad. He would rather not have undergone the operation or healed, he would rather die.
	After he married Sophie, he pushed him to forget Rose. And he had forgotten her for five years. However, he couldn't forget her until right now, and he still remembered her.
	He didn't give her a chance to explain, so he had to find the answer by himself now.
	At the same time, Bright was sitting in the office and listening to the report of Bill.
	"Mr. Bright, is clear?" Bill didn't think that he could focus on work today.
	Bright thought about something for a while and then said, "Bill, I need your help."
	"What can I do for you, Mr. Bright?" Bill asked.
	"I want to know what happened five years ago... " When Bright talked about it, Bill was nervous and interrupted him, "Do you want to investigate the woman who slept with you and then disappeared five years ago?"
	He investigated her for a long time, but he couldn't get any information about her. Finally, Bright gave up on investigating her. Why did he mention her again?
	Bright stared at him and said, "Thanks for reminding me that you couldn't even get any information about a woman."
	"Mr. Bright, I think she had planned it well before she did it. She was so sly. " Bill was questioned in terms of his capability because of this woman, so he was also dissatisfied with this woman.
	"No excuse!" Bright leaned against the back of his chair and blamed him.
	Bill dared not to say anything with his head down.
	"This time, I would like to give you one more chance. But this time you need to investigate Rose." Bright had no choice but to do it because he didn't know more about Rose.
	Why didn't she want to explain to Sky but made him mistake it since Doris wasn't his daughter?
	What didn't she tell everyone who was Doris' biological father? What was her purpose?
	"Help me investigate what happened when Rose gave birth to Doris 5 years ago. I want to know more about it in detail. And the most important thing is to investigate who Doris' biological father is."
	"Yes, Mr. Bright. I won't let you down this time. " And then Bill left.
	Rose felt he was left in a hurry.
Chapter 227 Give Birth to Sons
	After work, the driver had been waiting for her at the entrance of the company. The driver opened the door of the car for her, and then she got in the car.
	On the way to kindergarten, Nora called her, "Rose, let's go out for drinking tonight."
	"I have to pick up Doris." Rose answered, "And I have to take care of her tonight."
	"Ask Mr. Bright for help." Nora acted like a child.
	"He came back to City J today..." Rose was upset when talking about Bright.
	"Doesn't he stay at home? That's great! You must go out with me." Nora laughed happily and said, "And you can take Doris to my home, and Freya will take good care of her."
	Rose kept silent for a while and thought about it twice.
	"Since Mr. Bright has come back to City J, it is a good chance for us to go out and have fun. Jayden also has time today, and we haven't got together for a long time. Come on, let's go." Nora tried her best to persuade her.
	"Alright." Rose had promised her, because she also wanted to see Jayden.
	"Then I will wait for you and Doris at home." Nora said happily.
	When Rose arrived at the kindergarten and picked up Doris, Doris didn't see Bright and she asked, "Mom, where is dad?"
	"He went back to City J to see his friend." Rose held her hands and answered, "We will go to visit aunt Nora."
	"That's great! I also miss aunt Nora. " Doris was a bit excited, "I am so glad to see her."
	Rose touched her head gently with her hand and held her in her arms. She felt that she didn't care about anything as long as Doris stayed together with her.
	When they arrived at Nora's home, Freya had already prepared a meal for them. She greeted, "Hello, Miss Rose. Hello, Doris."
	"Hello, Freya." Rose and Doris answered her together.
	Nora walked forwards and bent down to tapped Doris' nose gently with her finger and said, "Do you miss me?"
	"Of course." Doris kissed her face while talking.
	"Let's go for dinner." Nora held her hand and took her to the dining room.
	Rose put down the handbag and her bag and then walked to the dining room, too.
	Nora liked eating some greasy foods while Rose liked eating some vegetables and fruits and drinking yogurt.
	"Eat less, please." Nora said to Rose, "We will drink some wine later."
	Among three meals a day, Rose would eat some light food in the evening. But Doris needed nutrition, so she would make a nutritious meal that was suitable for her.
	After dinner, they played together with Doris for a while, and then Jayden came to pick them up.
	They asked Freya to take care of Doris, and Doris was well-behaved, "Mom, you are very tired after work every day, so it's good for you to go out to have fun. And you don't need to worry about me."
	Rose was so moved and really appreciated because her daughter was so sensible and considerate.
	The driver was in charge of driving. Jayden sat in the passenger seat, Rose and Nora in the back.
	They went to Koo Bar, which was the biggest and best bar in City H. And those people in the bar were excited again and again.
	They went upstairs to the second floor and found a table with dividers around and then sat down. They faced the dancing floor downstairs so they could see the sexy girls dancing on the dancing floor with the music.
	Jayden asked the waiter to give them two dozens of wine, which surprised Rose, "Jayden, are you sure we can drink all of the wine?"
	"Compared with others, we are so weak. I think we should drink much more." Nora said disdainfully.
	"Do you forget that you cried in the street after you got drunk last time? Don't drink too much." Rise replied to her.
	"How could you go out for drinking without inviting me?" Jayden leaned against the sofa, with his legs crossed.
	"Would you go out to the food stall at the entrance of our school to drink? Come on, it isn't suitable for you since you are so noble." Nora sneered.
	Jayden always pursued an exquisite life, and he required high quality for everything in his life. So he wouldn't go to a food stall to have a drink.
	"Open the bottles of the wine, and let's drink." Jayden said to the waiter.
	Rose, Nora and Jayden took up the bottles and cheered together.
	"I heard that you had a blind date before." Nora asked Jayden playfully, "Who was the girl? I heard that she was the daughter of the Kaur family."
	"Is it Lilah Kaur?" Rose heard that Lilah Kaur was very excellent so she could match Jayden. And seldom girls could be compared with her in City H. So she said, "I think she can meet your high requirements."
	Jayden drank the wine and then answered, "No."
	"What family was she from?" Nora asked again, because she was more curious about it.
	"The Rees family." Jayden said indifferently.
	But they didn't know that the Rees family had a daughter. They heard that Mr. Rees had three wives and there were all boys in the Rees family, so many people admired the Rees family.
	On the contrary, the Clark family only had one boy, who was Jayden. And he was the youngest child in his family.
	So it was different from the Rees family.
	"It is said that his first wife gave birth to twins, and their daughter was stolen by others at that time. But they find her now." Jayden stood up and looked forwards.
	"I think the Clark family is so powerful. After your grandpa told in public that he wanted to help you find a girl to get married, everyone has tried their best to introduce their daughters to you. I think you are so lucky." Nora laughed loudly.
	"It is not clear whether the girl found by the Rees family was given birth by his first wife or was given by another woman with Mr. Rees. I don't want to be cheated by them." Jayden said with sarcasm.
	"The most important thing is which one do you like?" Rose asked him.
	"In my opinion, he must like the girl of the Kaur family, because he really has high requirements and a good taste." Nora said.
	"I won't fall in love with a girl easily." Jayden said, "Moreover, I am just 27 years old and I don't want to get married at all. I want to enjoy my life because I am so young."
	"..." Rose and Nora glanced at him and said, "You can't decide whether to get married, because your grandpa will make a decision for you. Tell me which one does your grandpa like?"
	Jayden frowned and then answered, "No matter which one he likes, it depends on me."
	"I think it must be because your grandpa thought that the girl of the Rees family could give birth to sons, so he would promise to ask you to have a blind date with her." Rose said, "So I think he will ask you to marry her."
	"But I think it is more possible that he will ask Jayden to marry the girl of the Kaur family, because their daughter has been educated well. On the contrary, the girl of the Rees family didn't grow up in the Rees family, so she may be worse than the girl of the Kaur family. In every aspect." Nora expressed her own opinion, "Unless..." She didn't continue on purpose.
	"What do you want to say?" Rose asked her.
	And Jayden also looked at her and waited for her answer.
Chapter 228 He Is Jealous
	Nora smiled mysteriously, "Unless Jayden fell in love with her at first sight and regarded her as the one."
	Jayden spit out a sip of wine very inelegantly.
	Fortunately, they sat in the VIP area on the second floor, so there were not so many people paying attention to them.
	Nora and Rose were too late to escape, and some wine stains were sprayed on their bodies.
	"Jayden, please pay attention to your own image." Nora took a few pieces of tissue to wipe the wine stains on her arms.
	"I swear I won't fall in love with her." Jayden wiped his lips with a piece of tissue.
	"It means that you don't like her, right?" Nora turned to Rose who was sitting beside her and said, "Rose, I think I guess it is right. He likes Lilah."
	"Well, you won." And then Rose took up a bottle of wine and said, "I'll drink."
	Rose closed her eyes and then drank the wine. And Jayden said after cleaning himself, "I indeed choose Lilah, but my grandpa likes Sia Rees. So..."
	Rose threw a pillow to hit Jayden and said, "Jayden, why didn't you tell us just now?"
	If so, either Nora or her won. So she shouldn't have drunk the wine just now.
	"So what happened?" Nora was anxious, "Did your grandpa ask you to marry both Lilah and Sia so that you can two wives just like Mr. Ree?"
	Jayden glanced at Nora and put down the pillow he got from Rose.
	"But I think it feels good, because you can have two wives, and they can give birth to many sons for you." Nora laughed at him.
	"What are you talking about? Who dares to do like this?" Jayden didn't agree with her, "Even if a man can have more wives, I won't do that."
	"Since you have such a good gene, it's really a pity not to have more children." Nora liked to argue with Jayden.
	"Then why don't you have many children with Alan?" Jayden asked her.
	"As you can see, I don't love him, so I won't give birth to a child with him." Nora shrugged her shoulders lightly.
	She wore a red off-shoulder dress with a ruffled neckline and long wavy hair scattered over her shoulders, which made her look very feminine.
	"I don't love them, either." Jayden stared at Nora and then suddenly laughed, "Nora, since you don't love Alan, you can divorce. Actually, I like a girl like you. If you didn't get married when I was abroad, I would have gone back and married you, and then he had no chance to marry you."
	"Even though you won't mind if I divorce, your grandpa will be angry." Nora supported her chin with her hands and said.
	"Forget it. I don't want to hurt you." Nora shook the wine bottle in her hand and said, "And I have been getting along well with him these years. He did what he promised me when we got married. Besides, I won't fall in love with other people if I get married."
	"..."
	Jayden and Rose cheered and then drank.
	"What do you guys mean?" Nora said with dissatisfaction, "Let's drink together."
	"Rose, drink with me." Rose opened a new bottle of beet and then handed it to Rose.
	Next, they drank together again.
	There were more and more empty bottles on the desk, Nora said to him kindly, "Jayden, what should you do?"
	"I have no choice but to choose one." Jayden said indifferently and he seemed not to worry about his own marriage.
	"Jayden, as your best friend, I hope you can marry a girl that you really love, otherwise, it makes no sense to get married. And you will be happy only after you marry the one you love." Rose told him, because it was a pity for her and she couldn't do it once again.
	"Happy? Do you think we are happy?" Jayden felt that it was ridiculous, "I don't want to talk about it. I just want to have fun and enjoy my life. You don't need to worry about me, because I know what to do."
	And then he stood up and walked to the handrail, with one bottle of wine in his one hand and the other hand in his trouser pocket. He shook his body with the music while looking at those people who were dancing.
	He looked around and then looked at the bar counter. He was not far away from the bar, which was on his left, and the bar was the brightest area.
	He saw a man sitting on a high stool and drinking alone. He felt that the man looked familiar.
	At this time, a beautiful woman in low-cut clothes was walking towards him and it seemed that she wanted to seduce him.
	Jayden smiled and then said to Nora and Rose, "Do you know who I see?"
	"Who? A pretty girl?" Nora laughed.
	"A man. And we are familiar with him." Jayden looked at Rose and said, "And we got along well with him before..."
	"Sky?" Nora said.
	Rose also knew that he was Sky, but she didn't want to answer. She took up a bottle of wine and then drank.
	"Why doesn't he stay at home with his wife while drinking alone here? He seldom came to places like a bar." Nora thought that there was something wrong with him.
	"I would like to invite him to drink with us." Jayden said.
	"Jayden, why do you want to do that?" Rose was a bit angry with a wine bottle in her hands, "I'll go if he comes here."
	"I want to take revenge on him because he hurt you like that before. I will make him drunk tonight." Jayden told her what he wanted to do.
	"I don't want to see him." Rose took up a bottle of wine and drank quickly, so she choked.
	"Then I would like to go downstairs and drink with him." And then Jayden left.
	"Don't think too much." Nora patted her back gently, "Jayden just wanted to help you. Don't blame him."
	"I don't want to blame him. I just don't know how to deal with it if I see him." Rose tried not to cry and then drank the wine again.
	Nora thought that there was something wrong with him, "What's wrong with you?"
	"Sophie told everyone that I gave birth to Doris to save him." Rose told Nora what had happened yesterday.
	Nora was shocked and said, "So Mr. Bright has been angry after he knew about it, right?"
	"He said he wouldn't be angry. But I could feel that he was angry." Rose said.
	"He didn't tell you what he thought exactly," Nora sighed, "if it were me, I would be sad, too. After all, you gave birth to a child to help your ex-boyfriend. It meant that you really loved him, so you would be so brave to save him. I don't think he was angry. I think he was jealous."
Chapter 229 Sense of Security
	Rose felt it was unbelievable and surprised, and then she frowned and thought about it again. She couldn't believe that he was jealous.
	Rose suddenly realized that after Nora told her.
	"Nora, was he really jealous?" Rose couldn't believe it.
	"If he wasn't, why would he behave like that?" Nora said with a smile, "I think he really cares about you."
	"I don't like Sky at all. Why is he jealous?" Rose thought it was a bit strange, "I won't love Sky since he hurt me like that before. Why doesn't he understand?"
	"Does he know that you don't love Sky anymore? Have you told him you love him clearly?" Nora asked her.
	Rose thought about it and then said, "It seems that I never told him."
	"So he can't make sure whether you love him or Sky because you never told him about it." Nora touched her heart and said, "And, you told him that you didn't love him with all of your passion. You really hurt him this way."
	"He interrupted me before I finished speaking at that time. I indeed said that I didn't love him with all of my passion at the time. But it was because he was so excellent, and I wasn't confident, so I was afraid of being hurt if I loved him with all of my passion..." Rose bit her lip.
	She was afraid that she would be hurt again, so she dared not to love him with all of her passion. After all, she couldn't bear emotional hurt again.
	"Once bitten and twice shy." Nora held her shoulders gently and said with love, "I can understand you. However, Mr. Bright is a man. Men are always possessive. And you are his wife, so he hopes that you can belong to him. I don't think he was wrong."
	"Rose, you need to communicate more with him. And you need to tell him how you think clearly, so that he can know that you love him." Nora looked at her and said, "As a woman, we need a sense of security, so does a man. And I think you should do more for Mr. Bright."
	"He is so excellent. Why does he also lack a sense of security?" Rose didn't understand.
	"No matter how excellent he is, when he falls in love with someone, he will lack a sense of security. It means that he really cares about you and loves you so much." Nora told her.
	Rose was surprised, but she still felt it was unbelievable.
	Although she knew that Bright was nice to her, liked her and tried his best to protect her, she dared not to believe that he loved her.
	"As he is noble, he won't be jealous of a woman easily. Therefore, if he is jealous because of you, he must love you so much. Trust me, Rose." Nora patted her shoulders lightly and encouraged her, "After he comes back, you should talk with him and tell him what you think."
	Rose nodded with agreement, and then Nora took up a bottle of wine and said to her, "Come on, let's get drunk."
	"But I will be more upset after waking up." Although she said that, she drank together with Nora.
	Rose had to go to work the next day, so she intended to go back home after she checked the time.
	Nora left together with her. When they went downstairs, they met Jayden, who was intending to go upstairs.
	"What are you doing?" Jayden looked up to them and asked, with a wine bottle in his hand.
	"I have to go back home because I have to go home tomorrow." Rose pulled the metal chain of her bag and then intended to leave.
	Nora followed her. Rose would go back to her home tonight, so she should go back home together with her.
	"No one stays together with me if you leave." Jayden saw them walking away.
	He finished drinking the wine in his hand, and then put the bottle down. Finally, he felt bored, so he had to leave.
	Jayden followed them and went out of the bar. There was a parking lot in front of the entrance of the bar. When they walked towards the car of Jayden, they saw a man vomiting by bending down while holding his car with one hand.
	"Sky?" Although it was dark, Nora recognized him at first sight. And then she said to him with sarcasm, "Mr. Sky, why don't you stay at home with your wife while getting drunk here?"
	When Sky heard her voice, he wiped his mouth with his hands and then stood up and turned to them.
	He looked at Rose and found that she looked indifferent and didn't care about him at all.
	Sky frowned and he looked complicated in his eyes, but he turned back and left without saying anything.
	Although he was drunk and he couldn't walk steadily, he tried his best to walk away.
	"Did you make him drunk like that?" Nora glanced at Jayden and asked, "How much wine did he drink?"
	"I just helped him because he wanted to be drunk. I don't remember how much wine he drank." Jayden didn't ask him to drink too much. On the contrary, Sky asked him to drink all the time.
	"Let's go." Rose turned back.
	When they got in the car, the driver drove the car away from the bar.
	Sky got in his car and watched them leave. He touched his forehead because he had a headache. And then he said to his driver, "Let's go home."
	And then the driver drove him home. On the way home, Sky didn't say anything. He just leaned against the back of the seat and closed his eyes to take a rest. It seemed that he fell asleep.
	When they arrived at the entrance of his house, he was awakened because the driver suddenly stopped the car.
	He supported himself by holding the back of the seat and asked, "What happened?"
	"Mr. Sky, I am so sorry. There was a person who suddenly came out and then stopped in front of the car." The driver was a bit scared, "I will get out of the car to check who he is."
	The driver wiped his sweat on his forehead and then opened the door and got out of the car. With the dim light, he found that she was Sophie.
	She stood in front of the car and stopped the car with her hands.
	With messy, wrinkled clothes and pale face, she looked so haggard, without any light in her beautiful eyes as before. It was only a day, she was no longer the sweet and delicate Mrs. Sky.
	"Mr.... Miss Linder, what are you doing here? It is very dangerous." Drive almost called her Mr. Sky because he was in a panic, "If you get injured, I will be blamed by the Linder family."
	The driver was scared. He didn't expect that she would suddenly come out and wanted to stop the car. If he didn't stop the car as soon as possible, she would get injured.
	Sophie didn't answer the driver. She got close to the car and patted the window and said, "Sky, I know you are sitting in the car now. Can you talk with me?"
	Sky felt worse with a headache when he heard her voice.
	"Parry, go back home." Sky had to ask the driver to drive him home.
Chapter 230 Don't Pretend to Be Dead
	The driver said yes and then intended to get in the car. However, Sophie stood in front of the car again and said, "If you don't talk with me, I won't let you go, unless you drive the car and crush over me."
	The driver looked at Sophie and dared not to drive. He had to ask Sky for help, "Mr. Sky, Miss Linder doesn't walk away... What should we do?"
	Sky sighed and he really hated Sophie.
	He rubbed his forehead with his hands and kept silent for a while. And then he opened the door and got out of the car while talking to the driver, "I'll go back home by myself."
	Sophie thought that Sky promised to talk with her when she saw him getting out of the car.
	However, Sky just walked straight to the gate of the house but didn't pay attention to her at all.
	Sky tried his best to walk steadily, so that Sophie couldn't find that he was weak.
	Sophie bit her lip and followed him. She held his arm with her hand and said, "Sky..."
	Sky pushed her away with disgust and said, "Don't touch me! I think you are so dirty and you make me sick."
	"Sky, you know what? You make me feel hurt. I was forced by Timothy to make love with him because of Rose. She drugged my wine and then Timothy raped me! It was all because of her! I am your wife. You should take revenge on her for me because she hurt me like that." Sophie said to him.
	"Sophie, it was your own fault. Why can you shirk your own responsibility? I don't think you are innocent." Sky looked at her face and said, "If I didn't know the truth, you would cheat me forever. Why do you always lie to me?"
	"Five years ago, we gave a bank card with two million in it to the donor, and no one has withdrawn the money during the past five years. However, the money was withdrawn not long ago. Why? Sophie, tell who the donor is."
	"The donor has the right to withdraw the money. It's none of my business. You can't suspect me." Sophie refused to admit what she did.
	Because she had withdrawn one million and gave it to Timothy. She needed money, so she had to withdraw the money from the bank card."
	"You always lie to me, so I don't want to talk with you anymore." Sky said, "Don't come here again. I don't want to see you. Get away from me."
	"Sky, I am your wife, so I have the right to stay with the Tanner family. You can't ask me to get out." Sophie didn't want to leave.
	"If you keep doing like this, I will send the document of the divorce agreement to you tomorrow." Sky originally wanted to divorce after the child was born. However, he couldn't stand her anymore because she was really like a rogue.
	"I won't sign the document. Moreover, I am pregnant now, so you can't divorce me." Sophie was really shameless, "After giving birth to the child, I will have a suckling period. And you can't divorce me during the period, either. Sky, why do you insist on divorcing?"
	"I know I should have tried to get rid of Timothy by any means. It was my fault. Can you forgive me?"
	"No way!" Sky answered firmly and indifferently.
	If he could forgive her so easily, why didn't he forgive Rose before?
	Sky opened the small door on the left side of the gate with carve patterns and walked into the house. Sophie wanted to follow him, but she was stopped by two men who were standing at the gate.
	"Get away from me! I am Mrs. Sky. Don't you know who I am?" Sophie said to them arrogantly.
	The two men didn't answer her and then closed the door.
	At the same time, the driver drove the car into the Tanner family. Sophie wanted to get into the house through the gate, but she failed. She couldn't stop the gate from closing, so she could only stand there.
	Sophie knocked at the gate and yelled to Sky, "Sky, it was my fault. I haven't eaten anything for a whole day. Can you let me in to drink some water and have dinner? Even though you don't care about me, you should care about our child. Sky..."
	Sophie pretended to be poor and begged him. But Sky didn't reply to her.
	"Sky..." Sophie felt hopeless and she was so sad that she wanted to cry.
	She leaned against the gate and then sank to her knees. She cried with tears.
	However, she didn't want to leave, because she wanted to get sympathy from Sky.
	After ten minutes, someone opened the gate and put down a handbag by her side. She asked, "What is it?"
	"Miss Linder, there are some food and drinks in the handbag." The man said.
	"Does Sky ask you to give it to me?" Sophie was a bit glad. Did he hear what she said just now?
	"No." The man denied.
	Sky asked him not to tell her the truth, otherwise, she would think that he still loved her.
	"No, you are lying. It must be given to him. I know he will care about me. He is just mad at me and doesn't know how to persuade himself to forgive me right now." Sophie said to the man while touching her underbelly with her hands, and it seemed that she was uncomfortable, "Please tell him I really love him."
	"Ms. Linder, I think you'd better leave the Tanner family." The man left after talking.
	Sophie felt that her underbelly hurt so much, so she said, "Wait..."
	"Anything else?" The man stopped and asked her.
	"My... My underbelly hurts." Sophie felt it hurt so much, "I want to see Sky. Please help me."
	"Miss Linder, Mr. Sky won't see you again. You'd better leave now. Don't waste your time here." The man shook his head and sighed.
	"I...I..." Sophie fell down on the ground before she finished talking.
	And then the man saw that Sophie lay on the ground when he turned back. He was shocked and got close to her in a hurry, "Ms. Linder, what's wrong?"
	Sophie didn't reply to him. He said to her again, "Ms. Linder, even if you pretend to be dead, Mr. Sky won't see you again. You'd better stop doing it ."
	Under the dim light, he saw that her face was pale and there was sweat on her forehead...
	He pushed her shoulders lightly and found that she really fell in a faint.
	If she really got injured in front of the house of the Tanner family, they would be in trouble.
	So he quickly called Sky, "Mr. Sky, Ms. Linder fell in a faint. What should I do?"
	"Call 120 and then send her to the hospital," Sky was calm and said, "and then inform the Linder family."
Chapter 231 He Doesn't Love You Anymore
	"OK." The man replied.
	He quickly called 120. Soon, the ambulance got there and the medical workers held her to get into the ambulance.
	"What's wrong with her?" The nurse asked.
	"She suddenly fell in a faint just now." The man said.
	"Are you her family?"
	"No, I am not. But I will call her family at once and ask them to go to the hospital." The man said again.
	"Then you should follow us to go to the hospital first. And then you can leave after her family gets to the hospital."
	So the man got in the ambulance and went to the hospital with her. He registered for payment and then waited outside the emergency room.
	After a while, the members of the Linder family got to the hospital, including Chandler and Joy.
	"Mr. and Mrs. Linder, now you are here, I will be leaving then." The man handed the bills to them.
	Joy took over the bills and asked, "Does Sky know that Sophie is in hospital now?"
	"Mr. Sky asked me to notice you after sending Ms. Linder to the hospital." The man said to them and then left.
	Chandler frowned and then sat down on the seat outside the emergency room, "It seems that Sky has decided to let her get out of the Tanner family."
	"What should we do?" Joy was anxious, too.
	"I don't know, either. She really made me embarrassed. She deserves it." Chandler was also disappointed with Sophie, "We had hope because she was pregnant. However, this child may not belong to the Tanner family."
	"Since she is so shameless, I don't think the Tanner family will raise the child for her. It is best for her if she can survive."
	Joy asked, "What do you mean?"
	"We can't help her. She has to survive by herself." Chandler said.
	"What if this child belongs to the Tanner family?" Joy hoped so.
	"If this child belongs to the Tanner family, we don't need to do anything, because the Tanner family will raise the child." Chandler said to her, "And you don't need to care about her in the future."
	When they were talking, a doctor opened the door and then came in. Chandler and Joy walked forwards and asked the doctor, "What's wrong with my daughter?"
	"She has been pregnant for almost three months, but she is very weak and malnourished with anemia and hypoglycemia, and she suffers from threatened abortion. As a pregnant woman, why can she be so bad? How do you take care of her as her parents? Why is her husband so indifferent to his wife and child?" The doctor blamed them, "If you were not prepared, you shouldn't have got pregnant easily!"
	"Yes, you are right. It's our fault." Joy kept nodding, "We will take good care of her later."
	"She has to stay in the hospital for two days for observation. And she needs much more nutrition after being discharged from the hospital." And then the doctor left.
	Sophie was transferred to a private room. Joy and Chandler followed her.
	Joy felt complicated when she saw her face was pale.
	She had persuaded herself not to care about her, but she couldn't do it.
	"She has been better. We can employ a nursing worker to take care of her. Let's go back home." Chandler checked the time and found that it was already 00:00, "We have to go to work tomorrow."
	Joy paid all the fees and then left together with Chandler.
	The next day, Sophie found that she was in the hospital after she woke up.
	Sophie lifted the quilt and got up. However, she was so weak that she knelt down.
	The nursing worker saw that she knelt down when she opened the door, so she quickly helped her up and said, "Miss Linder, no matter what you want to do, you can ask me for help."
	"Who are you?" She held the bed to stand up.
	"I am a nursing worker employed by Mrs. Linder." The middle-aged woman helped her back to the bed and then gave her a pillow to lean against, so that she could feel comfortable.
	"I want to see my mom." Sophie said.
	At this time, Joy opened the door and came in with a thermo jug in her hands and then got closed to the bed and said, "I asked the chef to cook the chicken soup for you. You should drink much more soup later."
	"Mrs. Linder, let me help you." The nursing worker took over the thermo jug.
	"Mom, I remember that I was waiting for Sky in front of his place. Who sent me to the hospital last night? Was it Sky?" Sophie looked at Joy with expectation.
	"A servant of the Tanner family did." Joy answered her.
	Sophie was upset and her hands held the quilt tightly, "Why didn't he visit me since he knew that I was in hospital? Why is he so cruel?"
	"The doctor said that you need to take a good rest. Don't think about it." Joy saw the nursing worker walking towards her with a bowl of chicken soup in her hands, so she took over the bowl and then fed Sophie.
	Sophie refused to drink the chicken soup.
	Joy put the bowl down on the table and then said, "The doctor said that you suffered from threatened abortion. Since Sky didn't want to be with you anymore, you can give up this child by eating or drinking nothing, so that this child won't become your burden in the future."
	Sophie turned to her and said with tears, "Mom, this child belongs to Sky and me. I won't give up. I have to give birth to this child and ask the child to call Sky as dad."
	"Do you still want to be with him?" Joy thought that she was so stubborn, "Sophie, even if you give birth to this child, and Sky is the child's biological father, they won't accept you again. You are not important to them at all. You should realize it."
	"You are still young. If you have no kid, you can marry a man who is better than Sky. And then you can live happier. Why do you torment yourself this way? Don't do that again!"
	"Mom, I only love Sky." Sophie said with tears, "I can't live without him. I feel like I am about to die now."
	"But he lives well without you. Can you be strong?" Joy was angry, "He doesn't love you anymore."
	"No, he is just mad at me." Sophie argued with her with tears, "It will be fine when he is not angry."
	"Well, I think you should think about it twice." Joy was too angry to talk with her anymore.
	Sophie cried.
	She took up her phone and then called Sky. But he didn't answer...
	She kept calling her, but he didn't answer her call at all. Finally, she threw away her phone and then cried out loudly.
	When she felt tired from crying, she drank the chicken soup and then she wanted to leave the hospital.
	The nursing worker stopped her, "Ms. Linder, you are weak now. You can't go out."
	"Leave me alone." And then Sophie left the hospital.
	She took a taxi to the Tanner Group, but she was stopped in the hall on the first floor.
	"I am Mrs. Tanner. I want to see my husband. Why can you stop me?"
	"Mr. Tanner asks us to stop you, because he doesn't want to see you."
Chapter 232 She Didn't Accept His Apology
	Sophie was embarrassed, "I know he is busy, so he has no time to see me. But I have to go upstairs to see him. Let me go!"
	"Ms. Linder, please don't make us into trouble. It's our work." The security and the girl working at the reception persuaded her.
	Those people who gather around were talking about her.
	"Now, you have made me into trouble, because you don't allow me to go upstairs to see my husband." Sophie argued with them.
	"Ms. Linder, please leave now. Otherwise, we will have to force you to leave." The security said.
	"I won't leave if I can't see Sky today." Sophie persisted to see Sky, "I also want to see how you force me to leave."
	"Then I would like to apologize to you first." And then the leader of the security asked two of his team members to get close to Sophie.
	Sophie didn't move and said seriously, "If you dare to touch me, I will sue you for indecent assault."
	At this time, someone entered the company and said, "Please let me in."
	The people who looked around walked away then let them in. And then there were a few people walking into the company, including Rose. When Sophie saw Rose, she was angrier.
	Rose was a bit surprised when she saw Sophie here. But she calmed down again quickly, and then she walked towards the elevator as if she hadn't seen Sophie.
	"Miss Linder, this way, please." The workers were polite.
	When she saw the workers were very polite to Rose and even showed her the way, she was very angry.
	She even trembled.
	"Rose, stop!" Sophie yelled.
	However, Rose walked straight to the elevator as if she hadn't heard her.
	"Rose, you are so shameless. I am Mrs. Tanner, not you. How dare you come here to seduce my husband?" Rose slandered her when Rose ignored her.
	When Sophie said that, the people looking around began discussing again. And all of them looked at Rose.
	Rose felt stressed under the gaze of so many people, but she wasn't scared at all.
	"Sophie, do you have any evidence to prove that I seduce Sky?" Rose stood still and said indifferently, "If you don't have evidence, don't slander me here. Otherwise, I can sue you for libel."
	"The evidence is that you dare come to the Tanner Group today." Sophie sneered, "As his wife, I couldn't enter the company and I couldn't see him. Why can you enter the company to see him?"
	A worker clarified, "Ms. Linder, Miss Rose is a designer, and she comes to our company for the tender of the Beach Hotel. I hope you can stop slandering Miss Rose. And you come here for private affairs, so Mr. Sky has no time to see you because he is busy with work now. I hope you can calm down and don't cause trouble here. Please leave now."
	"Does she really come here for work? As we all know, she was his fiancée before. Now she just wants to have sex with him in the name of work. Do you think we are silly?" Sophie said with tears. She pretended to be weak so that she could get sympathy from others.
	"Ms. Linder, please stop talking like that." The workers were unsatisfied.
	"Why? I just help myself to fight against my enemy, because I don't want my child to have no dad in the future. So I don't think I am wrong." Sophie said with her tears streaming down her cheeks, and she really looked poor in this way. She continued, "He refuses to see me and our baby because you seduce him."
	"I think you are ridiculous." Rose had thought that it would be fine if she ignored her just now. Unexpectedly, Sophie slandered her like this. She must have been crazy.
	When Rose wanted to leave, Sophie suddenly knelt down on the ground and cried out with tears.
	"Rose, please don't hurt me again. My baby and I can't live without Sky. I know you don't like me, but please think about it twice for my baby. He is your nephew. Rose, please leave him..." Sophie begged her while crying, and she even kowtowed to Rose on the ground.
	She kowtowed to Rose on the hard and cold floor tiles, and everyone around them felt shocked.
	People always sympathized with the weak, so they all sympathized with Sophie at this time. And they had more doubts about Rose who was an ambitious woman.
	They all stared at Rose, as if they were trying to scrutinize her.
	"Rose, my baby and I can't live without Sky..." Sophie kept crying. She looked so weak, which made people around want to uphold justice for her.
	And someone did it and scolded Rose, "Rose, how can you be so cruel? How can you try to hurt a baby? Are you crazy?"
	"As the saying goes, beauty is like a snack."
	"Rose, I know why Mr. Sky likes the design of the YM Group now..."
	Rose looked at her colleagues and competitors who laughed at her and said, "You are liable for legal responsibility if you slander me without evidence. I never did it, so I won't be responsible for it. I have the right to retain legal investigation for the defamation of Sophie and you today. That's it. Please think about it twice."
	Rose no longer quarreled with them, but walked towards the elevator.
	"Ms. Linder, can you hear me? Ms. Linder falls in a faint, called 120. Quick..."
	They were already in a mess. Rose didn't want to pay attention to them again. And she wouldn't be upset because of their slander. On the contrary, she would do better at her work.
	Today, Sam, Chandler and Sky were the chief reviewers of the bidding documents, and Rose would finish her job well.
	Rose was the last one to explain her bidding document. When she finished and went out, Rex stepped forward and said to her, "Miss Linder, Mr. Sky invites you to have a talk with him in his office."
	"Rex, I don't think I should talk with him right now." Rose refused him.
	"Miss Linder, I won't force you. And I would like to apologize to you in the name of Mr. Sky for the slander from Sophie." Rex apologized to her politely.
	"Then please ask Mr. Sky to supervise his own wife. Otherwise, I am afraid that she will do it again." And then Rose turned back and left.
	Five years ago, she decided to leave him when he made his own choice, and she didn't want to accept his apology.
Chapter 233 Occupied the Head News from Scolding
	Rex withdrew his look at Rose's stubborn and beautiful figure and then turned to the office of Sky.
	Sky stood still in front of the window, with his hands in his pockets.
	"She refused." Sky did not look back and knew that Rex came alone.
	"Mr. Tanner, I failed to keep Miss Linder." Rex stood in front of the large office, lowering his head in shame.
	"It has nothing to do with you. I know she won't come to see me. I just want to have a try."
	Sky was prepared for the result, but he still felt a little disappointed.
	"How's the case going with Rose's giving birth to a child five years ago?" Sky turned around and asked.
	He was so eager know what had happened five years ago. What was the reason that Rose, who was so fond of him at that time, suddenly gave birth to a child?
	In view of Rose's character and love for him, she would not have done such a thing.
	There must be a reason. She might have encountered some difficulties or someone forced her to do so.
	He was so impetuous and shocked by Rose, who was holding a child in her arms that he didn't have time to think, and he impulsively said and did some cruel things. Now he regretted that he hadn't listened to her explanation.
	"It is only confirmed that Miss Linder disappeared for more than a year before her baby was born. As for what she did, how she got pregnant or who the father is are still unknown." Rex buried his head lower. He felt powerless. He couldn't find anything.
	"More than a year..." Sky frowned. That meant she had planned to give birth to this child, "Did she get close to any man at that time?"
	"Before Miss Linder disappeared, she was closest to no one but you." Rex paused, and then continued, "Mr. Tanner, there's one thing I don't know if I should say."
	"Go ahead." Sky sat down in a swivel chair and looked up at him.
	"Is it possible that Miss Linder's baby is yours?" Rex thought it was possible.
	Sky's eyes darkened instantly. Rex quickly denied it, "Mr. Tanner, I'm sorry, I'm just guessing."
	"It's okay." Sky took back his sight and shook his head, "I really hope that the child is mine."
	He and Rose were young when they were together, and he respected her. Rose was a good girl and their love was very simple. As long as they looked at each other, they would feel that the world was sweet.
	They had only held hands and kissed, and they didn't do anything out of line, so the child couldn't possibly be his.
	Rex saw Sky looked distressed.
	"Go on with the matter. I must know the truth." Sky made up his mind that no matter what the truth was, he had to find out what had happened, just to set his mind at rest.
	Rex nodded and then said, "Mr. Tanner, What Miss Sophie did in the lobby today has been posted on the Internet and goes viral. It would affect the reputation of the Tanner Group, nor is it favorable for you and Miss Rose. Rumor has it that you abandoned your wife and child for Miss Rose... Miss Rose is taken for a mistress and is scolded very badly on the internet."
	"Control the public opinion, and take down headline... Leave it to the PR company." Sky's fingers crossed. "It has a very bad effect on Miss Rose. Don't get her in trouble. Sophie's shameful behavior can be made public when necessary."
	"Mr. Tanner, you can't do this. If you make public what Miss Sophie had done, it would hurt her, but it would hurt you as well. By that time, you and the Tanner family would become a joke." Rex was right. After all, Sophie and Timothy were caught red-handed by the police. If it was made public, Sky and the Tanner family would become the joke.
	Even if they didn't dare to say anything on the surface, people would gossip them behind their back.
	Such humiliation was not what all men would live with.
	"Do you have a better idea?" Sky asked Rex, "Sophie intentionally confused the public. She dares to slander Rose because she is sure that I will not disclose her shameless behavior. She is forcing me to work on this marriage! But could I bear this again and again?"
	"If I don't teach her a lesson, she would think I'm afraid of her! I just want her to know that I'm not afraid of anything if I can get rid of her! Even if I turn myself into a joke!"
	Rex could feel Sky's determination to break up this marriage. As he had followed Sky's lead for so many years, he could understand him.
	"Mr. Tanner, I'll do my best." Rex didn't want his respected Sky to become a joke.
	"Go and do your business." Sky said faintly.
	Rex then left to deal with Sophie.
	And Rose, who was involved in the incident, had been blasted by netizens, who were using dirty words as much as they could.
	Rose's tweet was full of negative comments. In responses to those comments, Rose just posted a Weibo to clarify that she had never intervened in the relationship between Sky and Sophie, and that she was married and living a happy life. And then she turned off the comment section.
	After that, she focused on work. But there were always people who liked to gossip, especially Lily and her colleagues.
	"I can't believe Rose would seduce her brother-in-law. She said she had a husband... but we've never seen her husband. No wonder she would drive a Ferrari sports car. Mr. Sky is really generous!"
	"It's such a shame that she still walks tall when she is being a mistress."
	"We must take off her mask and let everyone see her true face!"
	But soon, the trend had totally changed on the Internet. Someone had exposed the affairs of Sophie and Timothy.
	Besides, there were police records, the video and photos showing that Sophie and Timothy were caught in the Luck Hotel. Only this news could remove Rose's suspicion and proved Sophie was a liar.
	What Sophie had done backfired. Netizens were angry for being used by Sophie to attack Rose, and only when they saw the evidence did they wake up to the fact, which aroused their rebuke of Sophie. They apologized to Rose for wronging Rose, and then scolded Sophie as a liar and a shameless woman!
	She was such a bitch! How shameless she was!
	Sophie replaced Rose to be scolded by netizens, which made more people know her!
	While staying in the hospital, Sophie saw that her plan was backfired and she was scolded, she dropped her phone with anger!
Chapter 234 Romantic Time
	Rose didn't think the thing would change so fast either. There were solid evidence showing what Sophie had done, and that would be her stigma for the rest of her life. She wouldn't be able to arouse the sympathy of the netizens again, and no one would believe her.
	Sophie had fallen into the abyss, and it was hard for her to get back up again.
	However, the news had a bad influence on Sky and the Tanner family. After all, once Sophie and Timothy's scandal was exposed, it would attract others' ridicule against Sky. In their circle, people would always be toadying and bullying, and Sky might be laughed at for a long time, but Rose did not attack the people when they were abject, nor would she show any sympathy.
	No matter who exposed Sophie, the person had saved Rose, so she was grateful to that person.
	Rose picked Doris up from the kindergarten after work. After all the ups and downs of today, Rose became famous.
	In the face of those parents' complex looks, she was calm. Anyway, it was not her fault and she had nothing to feel guilty about.
	"Doris was picked up by her father," the teacher said when Rose picked up Doris.
	"Really?" Bright came back and picked up Doris but didn't call her. Rose was so surprised.
	Rose thanked the teacher and left the kindergarten. After she got into the car, she picked up her cell phone and saw Bright's message, "I have picked up Doris. Come back when you are after work."
	Looking at the messages, Rose reminded of the tall and handsome man. She tilted her lips and she was in good mood. And then she drove to Asgard Lake Community.
	But before she went home, she stopped at one red wine shop and picked a bottle of good red wine to take home.
	She wanted to have a good talk with Bright tonight and let him know what she thought. Nora was right. Brought wouldn't know her thoughts if she didn't speak out. If she wanted to fight for her happiness and gave him a sense of security, she should speak up.
	Back to Asgard Lake Community, Rose couldn't see any light in the villa outside. She wondered whether Bright had come back.
	She opened the door and changed her shoes at the entrance, carrying the wine to the living room.
	There were indeed no lights on in the living room, only a shimmer of light coming from the dining room.
	She made her way to the dining room, where flowers and candlesticks were set on a long table. The glimmer of white candles softened the atmosphere of the room.
	Out of the kitchen came a tall man with two plates of steaks in his hands and placed them at each end of the table.
	And then he picked up the bunch of flowers on the table and walked up to Rose. "These are for you. Do you like them?"
	"Thank you." The sweet arrangement was so romantic, thought Rose.
	The cold man always gave her surprise again and again. She felt so warm at what he had done, and she felt her eyes were a bit sour.
	"What did you bring?" Bright saw the wooden box in her hand and asked, "Red wine?"
	"Yes." Rose put the red wine on the table, "I bought it on my way home, and want to share with you."
	"We think the same, but I'm sober." Bright glanced at the glass decanter on the table, "Just take it as a gift for me."
	"Great." Rose readily agreed.
	"Sit down and try my steak." Bright helped Rose pull the delicate white chair.
	Rose sat down gently. She suddenly thought of her daughter, "Where is Doris? The teacher said you picked up the child."
	"It is our time now. I have left Doris to Miss Nora. Rest assured." Bright gave her a reassured touch on her thin shoulder and poured the wine into the goblet in front of her.
	He walked to the other end of the table, filled his own glass, and then sat down.
	They sat at opposite ends of the table. Bright raised his goblet and looked at Rose, "Enjoy ourselves. Cheers."
	"Cheers." Rose took her glass, too, and smiled at him.
	In the candlelight, that soft halo softened her warm look. Her eyes and brows were delicate charming, and her red lips like gently blooming flower.
	They finished their glass of red wine, which was about half the height of their pinky finger. Bright stood up and poured more wine for Rose again.
	Bright, in a simple white shirt, was standing in the candlelight, which outlined his strong body. The sleeves were rolled up to reveal his strong forearms and healthy skin color, showing the masculinity and strength of a man. He looked very attractive in his tall posture.
	Rose, with her head slightly tilted back, had a faint pink complexion on her fair face. She had an attractive charm that she didn't know.
	Bright stretched out his hand to her and said, "Darling, please dance with me."
	Rose smiled and put her hand in his. He took hers lightly and pulled her up.
	Bright held her waist in one hand and her hand in the other. They got close to each other and began to dance gently. A melodious tune came from somewhere and they hugged each other gently with the rhythm of the music.
	Bright slowly put his both hands on her waist, while Rose wrapped her arms around his neck. She looked up at him, and in her soft eyes, his outline was deeply painted in her heart.
	Bright, as if seduced by her gaze, lowered his head.
	Rose, on the other hand, instinctively closed her eyes and felt his breath enveloping her.
	His kiss was gentle but domineering, soft but strong.
	And he felt that her lips were softer and sweeter than he had expected. He tasted them, and then was absorbed into kissing her.
	They kissed deeply and affectionately.
	After a while, he released her and held her close in his arms. Rose could feel his strength, as if he would rub her into his bone.
	She allowed herself to be held in his arms, though she could hardly breathe, and responded to his embrace by tightening her arms round his waist.
	"Eat the steak, or it won't taste good when it gets cold." Bright's breath was a bit heavy, "We will enjoy the night together."
	Rose nodded, and they returned to their positions and began to enjoy the steak.
	Bright did a very good job of preparing the steak. It tasted as good as the chefs in famous restaurants.
	They spent a tender night together, enjoying the romantic time.
	The next morning, Bright made the breakfast in person after the morning running. After taking a shower, he changed his clothes, wearing a white and fine shirt and a straight and expensive suit. He always looked so handsome and extraordinary.
	After breakfast, Bright and Rose went to work together. On the way, he took out a document and gave it to Rose.
	"What's this?" Rose asked him.
	"Just open it." said Bright calmly.
	Rose took it, slowly opened it, and what was written inside shocked her.
Chapter 235 We Got Even
	When Rose stared at the "Divorce agreement", her eyes were stung, her brow twitched, and her nose was sore. The tears blurred her sight.
	She breathed in secretly, trying not to let her vision grow dim.
	She held back her tears and asked, "Why do you give me this?"
	"I want to give you back your rights. If you want to be free, I will fulfill your wish." Bright was extremely indifferent today, totally different from the one who was gentle and tender last night.
	Rose kept her eyes fixed on the document, her heart tingling slightly. "Fulfill my wish? What wish do I need you to fulfill?"
	"I wouldn't force someone who doesn't belong to me to stay with me." Bright seemed to see it through," I have done everything I could for you. As for the divorce, you may consider it."
	"As you said, the three-year agreement has come to an end, and you have the right to take back your freedom. I will not force you to stay. What's the use of your staying with me when you don't belong to me? I will give you some compensation in addition to what I promised you at the beginning. Or I will try my best to meet your demand. Thank you for being my wife for three years."
	Sure enough. Did he misunderstand her, thinking that she didn't like him?
	"Mr. Lee is so generous." Rose smiled slightly, "When we signed the contract, you have agreed to give me 2 million. The money has been paid off, and I will not take any other. I also thank you for your rescue. We... got even."
	He was so gentle and warm last night, but why did he become so cold one night after?
	The candlelight dinner last night, the dance, the kiss, the romantic time... Were they all fake?
	So last night when he said that they would spend the night together, he was preparing for the divorce.
	If he decided to divorce her, why did he leave her such a tender night that she was attached to?
	It wasn't to be nice to her, it was to make her drown in his love and make her hate him.
	First gave her a good dream, and then ruthlessly smashed it!
	"We got even." Rose nodded. "Good."
	Rose put away the divorce agreement. Her pride and self-esteem made her suppress all the words she wanted to say and hide them in her heart. Now that he had made the decision, there was no reason for her to keep pestering him.
	Rose did not speak again all the way, and Bright just looked out of the window.
	Before reaching the City H branch of YM Group, Rose said to the driver, "Stop here, please."
	The driver parked the car. Rose pushed open the door and stepped out, trying to make herself look calm and said, "Farewell, Mr. Lee."
	He said he would like her, support her, and be with her forever... Had he forgotten what he had said?
	Rose closed the car door, straightened her back, and walked steadily towards the company. Her back emitted a trace of stubbornness.
	After she got out of the car, Bright kept watching her back until she was out of sight...
	Bright raised his fist to his lips, with his thick eyebrows twisting together.
	This was not the result he wanted, but the one she loved was not him, and he did not want to leave a heartless shell.
	He chose to let go of her and let go of himself.
	It was the last thing he could do for her. He only wanted her to be happy.
	"Let's go." Bright said to the driver and looked away.
	Rose didn't even know how she got up stairs or into the office. She was like a walking dead now.
	Rose put the document on the desk and stared at it for a long time.
	She did not come to her sense until her phone rang, "This is Rose..."
	"Rose, was it you who posted those videos and photos of Sophie and Timothy online?" questioned Sam.
	Rose was puzzled. "Not me."
	"Rose, I know you hate the Tanner family, Sky and Sophie, but you have to remember that you were the one who was wrong, not Sky! You want to get back at Sophie for coming back to Sky, that's your business. Why do you have to ruin the Tanner family? If you ever really loved Sky, you wouldn't do this! Why do you have to put the Tanner family at the center of the storm and make people laugh at us!" Sam snapped.
	"Rose, the Tanner family is suffering because of this. The stock price of the Tanner Group is in volatility. Sky is not only being laughed at, but also facing the risk of suspension. Because of his personal effect on the Tanner Group, shareholders hope that he can be suspended and taken a leave of absence! Do you know what that means?"
	"Rose, you have already let Sky down once, please don't destroy him this time!"
	Rose listened to him quietly, and then said softly, "Mr. Tanner, I sympathize with the Tanner Family and the Tanner Group, but I will not escape from what I have done, and I will not be blamed for anything that I have not done."
	"Who would it be if it weren't you?" Sam couldn't think of anyone who hated the Tanner family and Sky.
	"Not me." again Rose denied.
	"That I take back my words. Sorry to bother you." Sam ended the call.
	Rose looked at the screen of the phone for a long time, and then put the phone down on her desk, rubbing her sore forehead.
	Why everything was related to her? Why her peaceful life was always disturbed by others?
	On the other side. Bright had gone back to the office. Bill came forward and reported, "Mr. Lee, Mrs. Lee disappeared for a period of time before she gave birth to her child, and the most man she had contacted with by that time was her father, Chandler. So, the child's biological father is most likely to be Sky. After all, he and Mrs. Lee had been engaged at that time."
	"Bill, don't tell me anything you're not sure about." Bright suppressed his anger, "And I'm telling you the baby is definitely not Sky's. Rose said she didn't know who the father was. I am sure she didn't lie."
	Bright looked up at him. "Can't you find out where she went when she disappeared? Bill, after five years you haven't made any progress!"
	"Mr. Lee, I am sorry. But I have a very important message for you. It happened five years ago, but I think that's important information." Bill wished he could redeem himself.
	"Go ahead." Bright said coldly.
Chapter 236 The Answer Was in Sight
	"The woman with whom you had an intimate relationship five years ago came to work at the Four Seasons Hotel in March and disappeared three months later after having an affair with you for one night. Mrs. Lee disappeared in March as well and appeared more than a year later to give birth to a baby..." Bill didn't go on, but just glanced at Bright.
	Bright looked stern and his eyebrows twisted together.
	"They disappeared at the same time, and that woman didn't show up again after she disappeared. I would venture to guess that would this woman have anything connection with Mrs. Lee?" Bill just spoke out politely.
	"What was the woman's name five years ago?" Bright asked.
	"She was called Rosy Tanner." Bill remembered the name very well. It was this woman who had tarnished his brilliant life in the Lee family, and who made Bright doubt his abilities and made him feel incompetent.
	"Rosy Tanner..." Bright pondered on the name. "How does it spell?"
	"It is R-O-S-Y, and T-A-N-N-E-R." Bill took out another envelope and placed it on Bright's desk. "And I managed to find a picture of this woman. I can only find half of her profile and it's blurry, but at least it gives us a clue."
	Bright picked up the envelope and pulled out a photo, which was indeed taken in low light.
	The woman was wearing a thick makeup, and his impression of the woman's appearance was indeed the same.
	"Get this picture tested to see who it is." The more he looked at the woman, the more he felt familiar with her. And then he remembered the woman who had made him addicted five years ago.
	Now, however, he could feel the joy and satisfaction of that night with Rose.
	It made him feel like they were the same person, but Rose's appearance wasn't like that of the woman.
	He always thought he had thought it too much.
	But now he felt deeply that he was not mistaken.
	"Rosy Tanner..." When Bright repeated the name. And then, he smiled, and thought of something. How sweet Sky and Rose used to be. Even the fake name was a combination of their names.
	Bright suddenly felt he was being fooled.
	His eyes were as dark as the abyss, seeming to swallow everything.
	If Rose was really the woman five years ago, then Doris... might be his own daughter.
	At the thought of this, Bright was full of expectation and longing.
	But it was also very uncomfortable. It felt so bad by being cheated and fooled, and he was disappointed at Rose!
	He was like a fool from the beginning to the end!
	He clenched his fists, closed his eyes and thought for a moment. And then he stood up. "I have something very important to do. Please handle the matter of the company."
	"Mr. Lee, there is an important meeting today. You can't be absent." Bill reminded him.
	"Now I have more important things to do!" Bright thought the answer was in sight, and he just needed to prove it.
	Bright left quickly, and disappeared out of the office like the wind.
	"Mr. Lee..." Bill moaned, looking at the empty office, "those old men are not so easy to deal with!"
	Bright didn't care. He drove out of the parking lot in his Maserati and sped toward Doris's kindergarten.
	As Doris' father, Bright was able to enter the kindergarten smoothly and took Doris away.
	"Daddy, why did you come to pick me up so early?" Doris sat in the car and asked him, "Did you miss me too much?"
	"Baby is right." Bright caught a glimpse of Doris's happy face through the rear-view mirror.
	"So where are we going?" Doris watched the passing street scene outside.
	"Dad will take you to a place first, and have a check together. As long as you cooperated with me, dad will meet one your wishes, maybe three." Bright said to Doris.
	"I will listen to my father." Doris completely trusted in Bright. "I will do whatever dad wants me to do."
	"Good baby." Bright smiled.
	Soon they arrived at the appraisal center in a hospital of the city.
	Bright had made an appointment before they arrived, so someone received them when they arrived.
	"She was still young, so just get some sample in her mouth." Bright didn't want the child to suffer, so collecting the samples this way was best for the child.
	"Yes." The nurse smiled at Doris and said, "Come with me, baby. We're going to get tested."
	"I want to stay with Daddy." Doris didn't want to part with him.
	"All right, we will be together." Bright reached out and rubbed her soft hair.
	Bright and Doris finished the collection of oral mucosa sample in a sampling room.
	Doris was as good as a lamb the whole time.
	After the nurse informed them that they could leave, Doris held Bright's hand out of the hospital. Doris did not ask Bright why they did the test even after they went in the car.
	Bright looked at Doris and wanted to tell her, "Baby, don't you want to know what tests Daddy brought you to the hospital for? Why don't you ask me?"
	"I know you have your reasons, and you'll tell me when you want to. I believe you." Doris was very mature and thoughtful.
	Bright felt distressed for her being so sensible, but he was also gratified because of her one hundred percent trust.
	To be trusted by his own daughter was a matter to be proud of.
	"Yes, father will tell you why the time comes." Bright asked the hospital to step up the process. They could know the results in two or three days.
	If the results of the paternity test proved that Doris was his biological daughter, then that woman five years ago must be Rose!
	The time nodes matched perfectly, and there may be no other possibilities besides this.
	Of course, Bright hoped very much that Doris was his own daughter, who had his blood and the blood of the Lee family. He wanted her to live in the Lee family.
	He wanted to give Doris more love and make up for all she had lost these years.
	"Now tell me where you want to go. Daddy's not at work today and be with you." Bright was in good mood and said to his daughter.
	"Can I go to where Dad works?" Doris surprised him.
	"Why go to where Daddy works?" asked Bright.
	"Because I want to see what Dad is like at work?" Doris fancied, "You must be serious, right?"
	"Not just serious." Bright was totally different when he was at work. "Do you know what they call me?"
	"What?"
Chapter 237 They Are the Same Person
	Bright met Doris's eyes in the rear-view mirror.
	He crooked his lips, "Devil."
	Doris's innocent eyes were full of surprise and shock. "No! My father is so handsome and gentle. How can he be a devil?"
	"You don't think I'm the devil because I'm your father," Bright's eyes were soft, "but I am very strict and even cruel to the company! It's not the kind of man you'd like, and dad doesn't want you to be scared, so we'd better go somewhere else."
	"Is dad afraid that I should disturb your work?" Doris cocked her head slightly. "I'll be good, Dad. I'll just sit there quietly and not bother you."
	"Just want to watch dad work?" Bright didn't think he could say no to her.
	"Yes." Doris nodded, her big eyes full of expectation, "Can I?"
	"All right, then." Bright drove to the office.
	Bright parked her car, opened the door, picked up Doris and headed for the elevator.
	They took the elevator to the top floor. When they saw Bright, all the staff greeted him. They held their breath and dared not take it lightly.
	Although they were all afraid of Bright, they were also curious about who the little girl he was holding was.
	The fact that Bright got married was known to all, but they had never seen Mrs. Lee, and they hadn't heard that Bright had a child.
	Bright took Doris into the CEO's office. Doris looked around the big, comfortable office and said, "Dad, your company is so big and your office is so big, too."
	"This is just a rented building, and when the new office is completed, it will be even more magnificent." HY Group's new office building in City H was already under construction, and City H would become the most important center of HY Group.
	"Daddy's awesome." Doris praised her father.
	Bright took off his suit jacket, grows up at his desk, and calls an internal line, "Masie, give me a cup of coffee and a cup of juice. And buy some kid snacks and fruits."
	"Yes, Mr. Lee."
	Bright walked over to Doris and sat down on the leather couch. "Honey, just tell me what you want to eat. I'll have someone prepared for it. Dad has to work and can't play with you. You'll get bored alone."
	"Dad, as long as I can look at you, I will not be bored. You can give me some children's books. I will read quietly, and will not disturb you." Doris insisted. She was afraid that Bright would not want her to be with him.
	"Good." Bright looked at Doris carefully.
	Her face and eyebrows were like Rose, but he took a closer look at her nose and temperament, and he found it very similar to him when he was a child.
	In Bright's heart, he had already treated Doris as his own daughter, and now he thought Doris must be his daughter.
	"Dad, go to work. You must work hard, and earn money to support me and mother." Doris urged Bright.
	"Mom has a job. She might not want Dad to support her." Bright crossed his fingers.
	Although Rose was not career-minded enough to give up everything, she was definitely not a housewife.
	She needed a job. She wanted independence and self-respect. She wanted recognition and value through her efforts and labor.
	"Dad, mom is strong. She has suffered a lot these years, and she will not say to anyone that she is tired, and will only hide it in the heart. So, she always gives others a feeling that she doesn't care anything and she is strong, but in fact, she is fragile and sensitive. I only hope dad can know more about mom's inner feelings..." Doris talked a lot, occasionally catching a glimpse of her father's face. "Does dad get bored if I talk so much?"
	"No." Bright touched her head. "There's nothing dad loves more than my baby. Daddy loves to hear anything baby says."
	"Dad said so because you are afraid Doris would be jealous. You love mom most, right?" Doris acted like she knew everything.
	Bright smiles lightly, "Nothing can escape you. If your mom is as clever as you are, dad would be more relaxed."
	"Does Daddy mean Mommy doesn't know anything?" Doris was so clever, "Don't be upset, dad. Mom just needs someone to push her. Leave that to me. You will be satisfied."
	Doris patted her small chest voluntarily, very confident.
	Just then there was a knock on the door and the secretary, Masie Rolling, brought in coffee and fresh juice.
	She couldn't help but take another look at Doris. She thought Doris looked cute.
	"Thank you." Doris was polite.
	"You're welcome." Masie smiled gently.
	Bill came in with Masie. When he saw Doris, he said, "Little princess, why didn't you go to kindergarten today?"
	"Mr. Bill, I'm going to be with Dad today." Doris and Bill knew each other pretty well.
	"This is good, come here more often. I believe that with you here, the company must be more interesting." In Bill's mind, with Doris here, Bright would be nicer.
	But as soon as he finished speaking, Bright gave him a cold look and asked, "Is Bill complaining about something?"
	"I dare not." Bill glanced at Doris.
	"Dad, Mr. Bill must have something important to tell you." Doris stood up for Bill.
	"Yes?" Bright was about to hear that it was.
	"Mr. Lee, the shareholders want you to go back to City J and take control of the situation. You can leave the matters here to the senior vice presidents." Bill relayed the views of the shareholders.
	"What do I have to take those men's advice for what I want to do?" Bright frowned, "If they don't trust me, just fire me."
	Bill smiled and said, "Mr. Lee, they didn't mean that. How could those old men fire you? The chairman of the board is the old Mr. Lee, and you hold a large sum of share. Who can compare the profits you bring to HY Group every year? The annual bonuses they receive are unimaginable, and they would be mad if they want to fire you."
	"Mr. Lee, there is one more thing I want to tell you." Bill looked at Doris again.
	Bright knew it was about Rose, so he said to Masie, "Masie, take Doris to the bookstore to pick up some children's books. Take good care of her."
	"Rest assured, Mr. Lee." Masie reached out to Doris. "Doris, go with me."
	Doris was very clever and left the office with Masie.
	Bright got up from the leather couch and walked behind the desk. "Go ahead."
	"Mr. Lee, the photo of Rosy Tanner and that of Mrs. Lee are identical after comparison. It proves that they are the same person." Bill told Bright the result.
Chapter 238 Would He and Doris Be Superfluous
	Bill didn't expect that the woman five years ago was really Rose. He'd been looking for her for so long.
	It turned out that the person they had been looking for was right in front of them. That was the real Mrs. Lee.
	Since it was Mrs. Lee, Bill would only swallow all his unwillingness and anger. He could not ask Mrs. Lee for trouble. In that case, Bill would be sent away by Mr. Lee.
	Bright was not too shocked or surprised, because he had already guessed the answer. He just needed to test it.
	Now that he had gotten the answer, he was more disappointed with Rose.
	She had hidden so many things from him for so long, and he really seemed like a fool in front of her.
	"Mr. Lee." Seeing that Bright didn't respond for a long time, Bill called him in a low voice.
	"Go on." Bright recalled his thoughts.
	"So Mrs. Lee is the woman five years ago." Bill summed it up.
	Bright frowned at him. "I know that."
	"And something about Mrs. Lee five years ago had been found out." Bill touched his nose in a boring way. "Five years ago, Mrs. Lee gave birth to Doris in secret. After 40 days of rest, she was discharged from the hospital, but happened to meet Sky. Sky then broke off the engagement and proposed to Sophie."
	"And then Mrs. Lee was kicked out of the Linder family, and Mrs. Lee disappeared from City H and went to City Y, where she lived for the next five years. She recently returned to City H. And Sophie played a crucial role in the whole thing. She set Mrs. Lee up..."
	"I know all about it. You can leave now."
	Bright waved his hand and Bill left, then he reclined in his chair.
	Rose chose him to give birth to a child to save Sky, which proved that his blood type or bone marrow were compatible with Sky's. But why did she or Sky not come to him, but gave birth to a child?
	But, even if Sky or Rose asked him to donate at that time, he might not agree, so Rose would take the risk of drugging him and then had sex with him to give birth to a baby, and counted on it to save Sky.
	But he remembered that he had given her the pill... It turned out that she just pretended to take the pill, but she did not really take it.
	Fortunately, Rose got pregnant with a child and saved Sky, but Sky thought that Rose betrayed him, so up to now, he still didn't know that the child Rose had given birth to had saved his life.
	His real savior was Rose, or partly, him.
	But in this whole thing, he was just a pawn, and Doris was the tool, about which Sophie was right.
	Bright could not refute.
	Just he wondered if Sky knew that Rose had saved him, would he feel regretful and accept her again? Rose had a deep feeling for him. They would fall in love again when all the misunderstandings cleared.
	And then he and Doris would be superfluous...
	At the thought of such a possibility, Bright couldn't calm down, and he felt restless and anxious.
	That was why he didn't want to confine Rose to him, and he gave her a divorce agreement and set her free. If he couldn't give her the happiness she wanted, he would let her go find what she wanted.
	When he was pondering, the door of the office was pushed open. A well-figured woman came in. She was wearing a small V-neck black and white dress, which outlined her sexy shape. The plump chest and slim waste as well as the slender legs had attracted much attention.
	Her long and curly hair was dyed light linen, which gave her a fresh and exotic charm. With the sweet makeup, she looked very beautiful and very feminine.
	"Brother Bright." The woman walked briskly and her voice was soft and sweet.
	Bright looked at Lina, and then frowned, "Why did you come here?"
	"Brother Bright, I miss you, so I come here." The Jin family and the Lee family had been friends for a long time, and they had a very good relationship.
	Bright's father and Lina's father were close friends, so they really hoped that Bright and Lina could get married. However, Bright didn't want to.
	Bright's parents and Lina's were open-minded and didn't force them, but Lina had decided to marry Bright. She wanted to be a woman worthy of Bright, so she went abroad for further study and appeared in front of Bright in the best and most perfect way.
	"This is my office and you can meet me at home." Bright had made it clear about his attitude and feelings towards Lina. He always treated her as his sister.
	"I just came back to City J and you came to City H. I heard that you will stay here for a long time, and I can't wait to see, so I came with Zoe." Lina walked to Bright, said lightly and bit her jelly-like lips, "Brother Bright, why don't you wait for me?"
	"For what?" Bright wondered. He didn't promise her anything.
	"Wait until I come back." Lina was slightly dissatisfied and pouted, "Brother Bright, how can you marry someone else when I was absent?"
	"Lina, I am not newly married. I've been married to her for three years." Bright explained, "I told you I only thought of you as a sister, so I didn't want to waste your time."
	"Brother Bright, I would rather you waste my time." Only in this way could she feel he had her in mind. "Besides, I'm not your sister. You take me as your sister, but I didn't take you as my brother."
	"You have been calling me Brother Bright since you were little." Bright said.
	Lina was speechless. She walked around the table and came to Bright, "I will not call you Brother Bright any more from today. Should I call you Bright or my dear?"
	"Lina, don't be capricious." Bright tried to get rid of her hands, but she held him tighter and refused to let him go. "I am not being capricious. I am just pursuing my happiness."
	"Lina, I am married." Bright again stated that he was already married. "You're destroying your reputation. I treat you as my sister, so I would be patient. If you were someone else, I would have driven you out of my office."
	Lina knew that Bright was telling the truth, but she was not willing to let him go. She worked so hard to improve herself, just to make herself worthy of him. However, when she finished her study, she heard about Bright's marriage from Zoe, and she could not keep calm, so she flew back to City H immediately.
	"Why? Why can't you just give me a chance? Am I not good enough?" Lina's eyes were wet, but she tried to hold back her tears.
Chapter 239 I Want You to Love Me Too
	Lina's sparkly and innocent eyes looked at Bright's handsome and mature face. She was attracted to him ever since she saw his face when she was a child. Coupled with Bright's achievements and talent, she fell even more in love with him. She loved this man, who was handsome and intelligent.
	She also grew up, enough to be worthy of him, but he became married... This was something she couldn't accept, something that made her very sad.
	"Lina, you are great. You are beautiful, lively, and smart... but feelings have nothing to do with these qualities." Bright's eyes were deep as he suppressed the bitterness he felt. "It would save us all a lot of worries if feelings could be based on these standards. There wouldn't be as many people suffering from love in the world."
	"Lina, you are great. You are worthy of love, but you and I are not meant for each other—"
	Bright's words were interrupted anxiously by her as she asked him, "Why are we not? I think we are very much meant for each other. You see, we grew up together since a young age. Our families have been old friends for a long time. My dad and Mr. Lee are like brothers. We are a perfect pair based on our appearance, family background, education level, and personality. It's just that you don't want to give me a chance."
	"That's because I don't want to see you hurt, because you won't expect anything if you don't have a chance." Bright pulled his long arm out from her arms. He stood up and placed both hands on her shoulders. "This is the best way to protect you and cherish you."
	"Bright Lee, I don't need it. I want you to love me too." Lina addressed him by his full name, as her eyes flickered, and was very hurt.
	"Lina, you have always been a wise girl in my eyes. Don't be stubborn." Bright felt troubled.
	When she was a child, Lina loved to live at the Lee family's villa. She was his childhood sweetheart. Her personality was lively and outgoing, so everyone liked her very much. Since his mother passed away when he was a child, Bright didn't like to talk to people. Lina wasn't ever frightened by his cold expression as she followed him tirelessly, wanting to play with him.
	Bright always treated Lina like a younger sister. Since there were only two boys in the family, they all liked her. Apart from not giving her love and marriage, Bright pampered her and cherished her.
	He still remembered Lina being chased after by Dylan Ethan, the son of an upstart in high school. He even followed her to the Lee family's villa.
	Bright took Lina's hand and appeared. "You will not hit on Lina again. Otherwise, I won't treat you kindly."
	"Bright, I am not afraid of you at all when it comes to chasing after Lina." Dylan was determined and not backing down. "I like Lina. I am free to chase after her. You have no right to interfere."
	"Dylan, can you stop pestering me? I told you that I don't like you!" Lina couldn't bring herself to like Dylan at all as he relentlessly chased after her. She was even disgusted. "I already have someone I like."
	"It is your right to have someone you like, but you have no right to stop me from liking you." Dylan was very persistent and crazy in his pursuit of love.
	"Dylan, believe it or not, I'll knock your teeth out!" Bright began to pull up his sleeves as his eyes gave off dangerous signals.
	But Dylan was still not afraid at all. "It's worth getting beaten for Lina!"
	"Then I'll make sure you feel that it's worth it." Bright was about to rush over to beat Dylan, but Lina pulled him back. He frowned in confusion. "What are you pulling me back for? If I don't teach him a lesson, he's going to continue pestering you."
	"Bright, I don't want you to beat him for me and ruin my perfect impression of you." Lina's soft lips curled up, "Let me do it."
	Lina made herself clear to Dylan. "Dylan, I have a boyfriend. I love him very much, so you better give up. I won't ever agree to be your girlfriend."
	"Even if you have a boyfriend, I can still like you..." Dylan still didn't give up. "Lina, just give me a chance. I will definitely treat you well and listen to everything you say."
	"It's useless. I only love him." Lina shook her head and refused again.
	"Then who... is he? What's so good about him… that makes you so persistent? How is he better than me?" Dylan was very unwilling to accept reality.
	"He is good in that I love him." Lina stood beside Bright. She turned her head and looked up at the tall man beside her with sparkles in her eyes. "Bright is my boyfriend, my only one."
	Bright was a little surprised yet calm on the surface.
	He knew from the look in Lina's eyes that she would say such a thing.
	Of course, he just thought that he was Lina's excuse to refuse Dylan so that he would give up completely.
	He really didn't think too much or deeply because he treated her like his sister from beginning to end.
	When Dylan heard that it was Bright, his eyes widened in shock. He was very unwilling to accept the truth. "Lina, what's so good about him? He always has a cold expression on his face. He is so indifferent to the girls in school that he doesn't even look at them. What do you like about him? He won't be nice to you."
	"How do you know that I won't treat her well?" Bright took the initiative to hold Lina's hand. "Now that you have your answer, stop pestering Lina shamelessly. She is mine. Remember that!"
	Lina was very satisfied with Bright's response. She bit her lip lightly, and her eyes were filled with joy.
	"Dylan, you heard what Bright said. Don't come after me anymore." Lina only had Bright in her eyes, so she couldn't see anyone else.
	"Even if you are dating, as long as you are not married, I will not give up! Lina, I'll let time prove that I love you more than he does!" Although Dylan was heartbroken, he was still stubborn.
	"Get out once you're done!" Bright narrowed his cold eyes slightly. "I won't be as nice to you the next time we meet."
	"I don't need you to be nice! I'm confident in my love for Lina. She'll understand that I'm the one who truly loves her the most." Dylan was angry as he left. He couldn't accept the fact that Bright and Lina were together.
	After Dylan walked away, Bright let go of Lina's hand. "Lina, I said those words just now because the situation was urgent. I hope you won't misunderstand. It's just that the Dylan right now isn't good enough for you."
	"Bright, you don't need to explain further. I understand." Lina smiled slightly. "But there are some things I want to tell you. What I just said is true. I like you. I want you to be my boyfriend... I also know it's impossible now, but I look forward to the day when you become my real boyfriend."
	"Lina, you are just my sister..."
	...
	After all, this day didn't arrive as expected. He became the husband of another woman, but she was still waiting for him.
Chapter 240 The Vixen Who Seduced Dad
	Her childhood memories with Bright saddened her when she remembered them now.
	Her eyes were blurred with tears, but she restrained herself from crying. "Bright, what I'm doing today is very much like what Dylan did ten years ago. I keep chasing after you despite your rejection… If possible, I wish I wasn't as mature so that I wouldn't be one move too late, and you wouldn't have been stolen by someone else…"
	She bit her lip and felt waves of pain splashing in the deepest part of her heart that she couldn't calm down nor control her emotions. In the end, tears streamed down her face.
	"Lina, I haven't been stolen by someone else. I found you a family member, someone who will cherish you and pamper you like I do. Wouldn't it be nice having one more person to love you from now on? Why do you have to think that I was stolen from you? Calm down and don't worry, okay?" Bright's tone was as gentle as possible.
	It was difficult for him to watch her cry. After all, she was a girl he loved like a sister from childhood to adulthood. He couldn't bear to see her hurt.
	If it was someone else who made her cry, he would definitely not let him off. But this person was himself, and he couldn't let himself be moved.
	This was not only about feelings and marriage, but also about his respect for his wife. He wanted Lina to know his bottom line.
	"It seems that she has won Bright's heart. Will she really treat me as kindly as you do?" Lina asked him.
	"Of course, trust my taste," Bright comforted her and calmed her down. "You'll how great she is once you get to know her."
	"Then I want to meet her. Can I?" Lina begged. "You guys got married yet I didn't even give you any wedding gift, so I'll treat you guys to a meal. How about today? I'm in City H already. I want to meet her."
	"If she treats you well and can give you happiness, then I won't be worried. I won't want anything else. I'll be your sister and give your guys my most sincere wishes. I'll also respect and love her like how I respect and love you."
	Lina endured the turbulent waves of feelings she felt. She wanted to meet the other party because only by knowing her enemy and herself would she be able to win. She needed to know who the other party was, otherwise, how could she say that she loves the love rival when she never met her?
	Bright hesitated. He just gave Rose a divorce agreement today. He wondered whether she was done considering.
	If she agreed to divorce, then he couldn't ask her to pretend to be a loving couple with him in front of Lina.
	He didn't tell Lina about his plans to divorce Rose only because he didn't want to give Lina hope. Even if he got divorced, he would still think of Lina as a sister, and his attitude towards her wouldn't change.
	"She has been very busy at work recently. I'll ask her. If she has time, I'll arrange for you guys to meet. If not, then next time." Bright saw her calm down and felt relieved.
	"If I can't meet her today, then Bright, please treat me to a meal and take me around. She's busy with work and can't spend time with you anyway. How about you give me some of your time instead?" Lina proposed. In fact, she wanted to be alone with him more than to meet her love rival. She was abroad for three years and hadn't spent time with him properly in a long time.
	"Okay. I'll accompany you," Bright had no choice but to agree.
	"You can't go back on your promise to me," Lina confirmed again.
	"No regrets," Bright said.
	At this moment, Lina rushed into Bright's arms, wrapping her arms tightly around his narrow waist.
	She was in his arms and felt his scent around her as she breathed, a smell that she missed very much.
	She really wanted to never leave his arms. She only wanted his arms and chest for the exclusive use of her forever… She would definitely try to get him back.
	Bright instinctively wanted to reach out and push her away, but when he put his hand on her shoulder, her voice was soft and pitiful. "Bright, you didn't hug me when I went abroad. This is what you owe me. I just want to hug you. I miss your warm embrace so much..."
	"Lina, we are no longer the same as when we were children. Even brothers and sisters shouldn't hug each other so intimately," Bright said while trying to push her away.
	At this time, the office door was pushed open, and a small figure ran in happily but was shocked by the scene before her.
	"Little princess, slow down..." Masie chased in from behind but saw a scene that she shouldn't see.
	She turned away wisely and lowered her head, using actions to indicate that she hadn't seen anything.
	Bright saw Doris standing still and pushed Lina away. The latter was a little embarrassed.
	"Sweetie, come here. Let me introduce Lina to you." Bright waved at Doris.
	Doris soon returned to normal. With a bright smile on her pretty face, she ran over and took Bright's hand. "Dad, look. Masie took me shopping, and we bought a lot of books."
	Doris called Bright "dad" so clearly that Lina felt uncomfortable.
	She wasn't shocked at all that Doris would appear and address Bright as "dad" because she heard from Zoe that Bright married a woman who had a child. Although Bright was sure that this child was his, she suspected that she wasn't Bright's biological daughter just like Mr. Lee.
	Lina was angrier when she thought of this. Bright was willing to accept and marry a woman with a child... what kind of magic power did this woman have that made Bright so "submissive"!
	She felt bad for Bright and herself! So she had to meet and get to know this woman!
	"I'm happy as long as you like them." Bright touched the top of her hair. "Sweetie, this is—"
	"Dad, I really like this book. Can you teach me how to read it? There are a lot of words in it that I don't know." Doris immediately took out the book for Bright to see.
	"This is Lina. How about I ask her to teach you how to read?" Bright wanted to bring the two of them closer. "Lina, this is my daughter, Doris."
	"Doris is so cute." Lina's smile deepened. "Can you let me teach you?"
	"Dad, I don't think we should bother Lina with something like this. She's an outsider after all." Doris smiled at Lina but already categorized Lina as a vixen who seduced her dad.
	"Lina is also considered to be dad's younger sister. Not an outsider."
	"But to Doris, everyone except dad and mom is an outsider. Only the three of us are a family." Doris said with a serious face.
	"There is no way that a vixen like you is going to seduce dad when mom isn't here!
	With Doris here, you definitely won't succeed." Doris thought.
Chapter 241 Father and Mother Are Relatives and Lovers
	Hearing what Doris said, Lina, standing next to Doris, was so embarrassed that she couldn't keep the smile on her face.
	Lina and Bright were both sensitive, and they could sense Doris's hostility toward Lina.
	Bright squatted down and took Doris's hand. "Daddy grew up with Auntie Lina. She's like my own sister, so it is fine to call her aunt."
	"Dad, since you grew up with her, I think it is fine to call her sister." Doris deliberately treated Lina as her generation, so that she would separate Lina and her dad, "Dad, look how young sister Lina is. It sounds too old to call her aunt."
	Bright felt helpless about Doris, and said, "You are..."
	Doris was just a child, and it wasn't surprised that she cared about much.
	Doris didn't care about what her dad said, "What's wrong with me?"
	Her innocent eyes rolled, as if to say, "Did I interrupt you two?"
	Bright pinched her tiny nose and said softly, "Go over the couch and read."
	Doris, of course, was unwilling to do so, "Daddy, does mom know sister Lina?"
	Lina answered, "I just came back from abroad and missed your father so much, so I came from City J to City H to see your father. Your father and I have known each other since we were kids, and we had been close. We are like family, so you and I are family."
	"You and I are unrelated by blood; how can you be my family?" Doris did not want to be in the family with Lina. Any woman who wanted to be with her father was her mother's rival in love and her enemy. Doris answered back, "Family should have blood relations, shouldn't it?"
	"Doris, your father and mother don't have blood relations, are they family?" Lina was displeased by the little girl who went against her, so she said it on purpose.
	Lina thought this would leave Doris speechless, but Doris disappointed her. The little retorted, "They're not related by blood, but they're legally related, and they're lovers. And what about you? You are related by law or by blood?"
	Doris's big black and white eyes lit up with a sweet smile.
	Who could have thought that this five-year-old girl would be so articulate as to answer Lina back, and left her embarrassed?
	Lina was speechless for a moment. She gritted her teeth, and couldn't imagine how she was embarrassed by a five-year-old girl.
	She took deep breaths to calm herself down, "I'm not related to your father by law or by blood, but I am family in his heart, and that's enough."
	The people in heart were the most important. Lina got a nice shot.
	"My father's heart is full of my mother and me, and there is no room for you, sister, so don't cry." Doris stretched out her hand and asked, "Dad, you love me and mom most, don't you?"
	"Yes, I love you and your mother most." Bright answered Doris's question, implied to tell Lina that they were not kids anymore.
	Lina knew what Bright meant, and she was very sad about his directness.
	But she didn't want to let it go. They'd grown together, and she did not believe that Bright would be so ruthless to her.
	As long as there was a glimmer of hope, she would not give up, even if she had to wait forever.
	"Mom and I love Dad the most, too." Doris answered Bright.
	Bright smiled. He thought the baby was really cute.
	Doris did not care about Lina, and obediently sat down on the sofa to read.
	"Doris is just a kid," Bright told Lina, "what she said was unintentional, so don't take it to your heart. But what I'm trying to say is that what she has said is true. There are only Doris and Rose in my heart, and our long-term relationship is based on being brother and sister. Lina, you have to understand that I'm married, and have a wife and a daughter."
	Lina did know Bright was married, but she couldn't get over it.
	"Brother Bright, I got it." Lina could only put the things off, and pretended to be sensible so that Bright wouldn't find her annoyed.
	Only by maintaining this good relationship could she get close to him, or she would never see him again.
	Bright was pleased, "It's great."
	"You promised to invite me to dinner. Don't go back on it." Lina reminded him, "I came to City H to see you, and you can't leave me alone."
	"Yes." When Bright saw that she gave in, he couldn't refuse her request.
	"Well, just go to work. I won't bother you. I've asked Zoe out. She's waiting for me in the cafe downstairs." Lina didn't want to be with Doris, but if Bright was the only one in the office, she would be happy to stay there.
	"Go ahead. Be careful." Bright said.
	After all, they were women. Now that they were here, and he was the only person they knew. As their brother, it was natural that he should take more care of them.
	If there was anything wrong with them, he didn't know how to explain to his father or Lina's father.
	"Zoe and I are not kids anymore. You don't need to worry about it. Just get back to work. Zoe and I will be back before you leave work." Lina waved to Bright and left.
	Bright saw that the office door was closed and then he glanced at Doris, who was reading quietly on the sofa.
	He walked over and sat down next to Doris. While he was trying to figure out what to say, Doris put down her book and said to Bright, "Daddy, I don't like that sister."
	"Dad can't stop you like or dislike a person, but we should behave ourselves. That aunt is the father's sister, and you are the junior, so you should respect her. This is the most basic quality of children." Bright was a little more serious now, hoping that Doris could understand he was speaking for her good.
	As his daughter, Doris naturally was very noble and should be pampered and brought up like a little princess. However, it did not mean that she could be willful and arrogant. She should act like a child when she was a child.
	He would not object to her unless she was old enough to stand up to everyone in her own right, but now she should behave herself when she was a kid.
	He would never let anyone bully his daughter, of course. Otherwise, he would never be merciful.
Chapter 242 It Turned out that She Was not His Daughter
	Doris pouted her lips slightly. Of course, she knew that she didn't respect Lina at all just now, and that she was too aggressive. But when she thought that Lina was going to take over her father from her mother, she couldn't help but hate her.
	"Dad, I know, but that aunt can only see you. She must like you very much... I'm afraid she'll take you away. I'm afraid you won't want us. I can't let my mother be wronged or hurt. I did it to protect my mother and me, and I don't think I did anything wrong." Doris insisted on her idea.
	Bright signed. Of course he knew Doris was worried about her mother. "Dad has always treated that aunt as a sister. What you thought are not going to happen. Unless your mother and you don't want me, otherwise I would not leave you." Bright assured her, "Besides, in your eyes, is your dad easy to be taken away and easy to be tempted away?"
	"Dad, I believe in you, but sometimes the temptress's tricks are very powerful. Even the most powerful are not careful sometimes. What if you were to be tricked?" Doris was still worried. "I don't trust her."
	Bright was speechless after hearing what Doris said, "Who taught you that?"
	Shouldn't a child's world be simple? Why was Doris' world so complicated, like she knew everything?
	"No one taught me. I knew that because I have seen and heard many things about that." Doris sounded like a grown-up. "When I was in kindergarten at City Y, I saw a kid in my class who wouldn't let her new mom pick her up. She said that woman was a temptress, and seduced her father, and gave birth to a younger brother. And that was why her father and mother were separated. She hated that woman."
	"Daddy, auntie Lina wants to be my new mother too, and I can't agree to this and I won't accept it! My only mother is Rose."
	"Daddy promises it wouldn't happen, and you only have one mother and that is Rose." Bright calmed her.
	"Dad, you must not be tempted by that woman! I do not want dad and mom to separate. I do not want to be like that child..." Doris was very insecure.
	Bright took Doris in his arms and held her by the shoulders. "Don't think too much and don't talk nonsense. You have to trust dad. Aunt Lina and father grew up together. If dad liked her, I wouldn't have waited until after I married your mom. The only person dad is going to spend the rest of his life with is your mom."
	"Dad, I love you." Doris's little hand gripped Bright's shirt.
	"Daddy loves you, too." Bright bent his head and kissed Doris on the forehead.
	After he had a talk with Doris, Bright started to work. He was very busy with his work, having many files to check and many decisions to make.
	They had lunch in the office. Masie ordered the nutritious meal for Doris, and the regular meal for Bright.
	"It's delicious." Doris put a mouthful of food into her mouth and looked at Bright with smiling eyes. At that moment, Doris looked like a real child.
	Bright said, "If you like it, dad will have the food delivered to your kindergarten every day."
	"No, the kindergarten's food is good, too. Besides, we have paid the money. We can't waste it." Doris was a frugal child. "Mom and dad work very hard to earn money," she said.
	Bright's lips curved and he said, "Well, finish it quickly."
	Doris ate happily. Looking at Doris, Bright had a good appetite.
	Bright accompanied Doris to read during the lunch break. Later, he had to attend an important meeting, so he left Doris alone in the office.
	Bright told Masie to ask someone to keep an eye on Doris and pay special attention to her safety.
	Masie then gave the task to another secretary in the General Secretarial Office.
	But they did not expect that Lina and Zoe came to look for Bright at 3 o'clock. They had just gone shopping and bought a lot of things. Now they were both tired, and they wanted to have a rest in Bright's office.
	Lina and Zoe didn't realize that Doris was the only one in the office.
	Thinking of being angered by this young girl before, Linda didn't think she had to pretend to be good when Bright wasn't here.
	It was the first time Zoe met Doris, and her first reaction was that Doris looked like Rose.
	She whispered to Lina, "I didn't know that woman has a cute daughter."
	"Don't be fooled by her appearance; she has a gift of the gab." Lina was also fooled by her angelic face. So, you could judge a book by its cover; otherwise, you would suffer a lot.
	"Really?" Zoe couldn't believe that a child could be so glib that she made Lina speechless.
	"I've just told you. If you don't believe me, try it." Lina sat down gracefully.
	Zoe sat down and looked at Doris, "Baby, is your mother Rose?"
	Doris was quietly reading a book, not intending to talk to them, but now that they had taken the initiative to speak to her, she would not be polite.
	"I have to know who you are before answering your question." Doris wanted to know who the woman with Lina was, what the woman's relationship was to her, and what her relationship was to Dad.
	"I'm Bright's sister Zoe Hill." Zoe introduced herself.
	"Another sister? How many sisters does my father have?" Doris put the book down again and looked at Zoe with suspicion. "Why don't all my father's sisters have the surname Lee? You're not my father's real sisters, are you?"
	Doris thought she was just another temptress trying to seduce her father.
	"We are not Brother Bright's sisters, but are you his real daughter?" Lina snorted, "The pot calls the kettle black... Oh, no, at least Brother Bright and I have known each other since childhood, and Zoe is his sister. We spent much time together, not like you, who just met him for so short."
	Doris was touched on her hurting point. She was not Bright's own daughter. If her mother didn't marry the handsome uncle, she wouldn't have been able to call him daddy.
	"Are you jealous that I have no blood relation with my father, but he still loves me and spoils me?" Doris was not angered by Lina's words. "I am like his real daughter in his heart."
	"So you are not my brother's real daughter!" Zoe got an important message, "My brother lied to my father that you are his own daughter and have the blood of the Lee family! I must tell father about it, or he will still be in the dark."
Chapter 243 Don't Tell on Father
	After seeing Zoe say such words angrily, Doris suddenly felt very upset. She must have said something wrong to make her so angry. She even complained to her father's father.
	She would have gotten her father into trouble. She couldn't get him blamed for her.
	Doris got up from the sofa and walked over to Zoe, saying cutely, "You are my father's sister, so I should call you aunt," she said. Aunt
	"You are not my brother's own daughter, and you are not worthy to call me aunt!" Zoe was very angry right now.
	"Then you are not my father's full sister, why can you call him brother?" Doris asked her back.
	Zoe was speechless, and her face turned red. "You did have a gift of the gab! Did you learn that from your mother? Are you going to be rude to your seniors?"
	"This has nothing to do with my mother!" Doris hated that people always blame her mother. "Because you are my father's sister, I would like to call you 'aunt'. That is the best respect and politeness for you."
	"Polite? Are you kidding?" Zoe said coolly.
	"You can ask Miss Kim. She also said that she is my father's sister. My father asked me to call her 'aunt', but I didn't. Am I not respecting you by calling you aunt?" Doris spoke with a smile.
	As the saying goes, no one would hit a smiling face. Zoe didn't get angry for hearing what Doris said, but Lina, who was involved, looked gloomy.
	"If you weren't Bright's real daughter, I wouldn't have given you a second look. Don't have a sense of superiority. It's just for Bright's sake. You and your mother will be nothing after you leave Bright!" Lina hit the nail on the head and looked at Doris dismissively.
	Born in the Kim family, Lina had always been in the limelight since her childhood. Naturally, those who could attract her were better and more talented than her in all aspects, and Bright was the person she worshiped and admired.
	"We're not going to leave my father, and we're not going to let the temptresses like you take my father." Doris was not going to get angry.
	"Stop being righteous. Lina and my brother grew up together since childhood and they were meant for each other. Lina went abroad for further study, and your mother came out of nowhere to snatch Bright! Your mother is the temptress!" Zoe vented all her anger out on the kid.
	"My mother is not a temptress! So what if they grew up together? That is because my father doesn't love Lina so they aren't together! My father loves my mother so he married her." Doris made the point. "Don't think that just because I'm a child, you can bully me! At least I can tell whether one loves or does not love the other!"
	"Love? Your mother lies to us. We don't know how she seduced my brother and cheated him that you are his own daughter, so as to force Mr. Lee to accept you! Your mother loves money so she will hold on to my brother! You are nothing but liars! I will not let my brother and my family deceived by you forever!" Zoe was determined. "You don't deserve to talk about love!"
	"It's you who don't deserve it!" Doris answered back.
	"Zoe, how could we let this girl stay in the Lee family? The Lee family becomes a laughing stock if the news spreads out." Lina added, "I think you need to tell Mr. Francis right now."
	"Yes. I can't stand the disgusting liars for one minute!" Zoe stood up, took out her cell phone and started to call Francis Lee.
	Doris shouted, "We are not liars. Don't you talk nonsense!"
	"You're not my brother's daughter at all. Isn't that a lie?" Zoe didn't like Rose at first, but now that she knew that the child was not Bright's, she hated Rose even more.
	"I said we are not liars!!"
	"I don't care." Zoe turned her back on Doris. "Dad, there's something I need to tell you..."
	"You can't tell." Doris was a little worried. "Even if to make things clear, it should be dad who should make it clear, not you!"
	"My elder brother will only cover up for you, but I won't. I can't let my dad get cheated!" Zoe insisted and went on to tell Francis Lee, "Rose's daughter is not brother Bright's daughter..."
	Doris made a bold move by reaching out and tugging at Zoe's wrist. "I won't let you tell on Dad! You can't do this!"
	Zoe looked back at Doris, who was clinging to her wrist. Her large, grape-like eyes were ablaze with rage.
	Zoe put away her cell phone and looked at Doris holding her little hand. She was disgusted, "Don't touch me. It's so dirty!"
	"After that, she wanted to throw her off, but she was held tightly by Doris, "Call back to say you were talking nonsense!"
	"You're sick!" Angrily, Zoe gave Doris a shove and pulled back her hand.
	Doris was just a child. How could she have such strength as an adult had? Being shoved by Zoe, Doris fell back and hit her forehead against the corner of the coffee table, and then her tiny body fell onto the carpet.
	"What a bad luck to meet the mother and daughter." Zoe reached over and rubbed the wrist Doris had just grabbed.
	Lina handed Zoe a glass of water. "Don't take them to heart. It was not worth it."
	Zoe took the water and sat down, but she saw Doris lying there motionless. "The little girl hasn't gotten up. What's wrong with her?"
	"Will it be all right?" Lina stared at the small, motionless figure. "I think she just bumped into the coffee table."
	"Impossible, I didn't push her too hard." Zoe clutched her water glass in her hand. "It's fine, right?"
	"Let's check." Lina said.
	Zoe pressed her lips, looking reluctant.
	"I'm with you." Lina said.
	And then they got up and walked a couple of steps closer to Doris, and they could see that the flowers pattern on the gray carpet was covered with blood and it stood out so brightly against the gray.
	And the bright red blood color stimulated Zoe's and Lina's hearts.
	Zoe grabbed Lina's hand and took two terrified steps back, breathing deeply, "Lina... What can we do now? The second brother cares so much about this little girl. Would he... hit me?"
	"Don't panic. Calm down." Lina clenched her cold fingers. "We'll say it was an accident. We have nothing to do with it. And there are only two of us in the office. As long as we speak the same, Bright can't do anything to you without evidence."
	"But the little girl will tell him, and when she tells the truth, my brother will believe her." Zoe wrung her eyebrows and dared not imagine how angry Bright was going to be.
	"She hasn't got any proof, has she?"
Chapter 244 Act As If Nothing Had Happened
	Lina was right. Doris had no evidence even she told the truth, but Zoe was still worried.
	"Even if we don't have proof, my brother will believe her." Zoe thought.
	Since she joined the Lee family, although she called Bright brother affectionately, he never treated her as a real sister, even worse than Lina.
	At least when he was younger, Bright cared about Lina and treated her like a sister, which was better than Zoe, a stepsister.
	Although she was jealous, she was still a good friend with Lina. Her love for Bright could only be kept in the bottom of her heart. If Lina found out about it, they would be rivals in love.
	And she didn't want to lose Lina, her good friend, because Lina had helped her not to be bullied by others and spoke nice of her in front of Bright.
	Their friendship was real. She knew that she was not as good as Lina in all aspects, and it was impossible for her to be with Bright, so she chose to be his friend.
	"Are neither of us more important than she, a little child? She is just a stepdaughter without blood relationship with him." Lina comforted Zoe, who looked nervous, "Don't be scared."
	"Lina, you don't know how Bright pampers Rose. For her, he didn't even hesitate to lie to my father that this child is his own daughter. He could even mix the blood relation of the Lee family. Why would he be so in love with Rose?" Zoe was very angry about what had happened.
	Her eyes fell on Doris. "This child belongs to the woman," she said, "if she tells on me, Bright won't suspect it. I'm really done..."
	"I just shook my hand and I didn't know she'd get hurt... Lina, you know I didn't mean to do that. I didn't mean to hurt her. Bright will kill me."
	"I see. Don't worry." Lina's face was also grim. She looked at the blood on the carpet and thought, "There's only one way to keep her quiet."
	"What?" Zoe clutched Lina's hand tighter, as if she were her savior.
	"Shut her mouth forever." Lina offered a solution.
	"What do you mean..." Zoe was afraid to think further.
	"Only a dead person cannot speak." Lina had a fierce look in her eye.
	Zoe's heart was cool. She trembled with terror.
	"To kill... kill her?" Zoe's voice was trembling.
	"No, she's wounded and bleeding. We'll leave it to God and do nothing." Lina pulled her over. "Just grab your bag and leave. Make sure you don't know anything about it, or you'll just get noticed."
	"Yes." Zoe nodded hurriedly, but her face was a little pale.
	"You look horribly white." Lina reached up to her face. "I'll give you some pinch. That would make you rosy. Bear the pain."
	Zoe endured the pain and allowed Lina to pinch her face, and sure enough, her face looked a bit rosy.
	Lina was older than Zoe after all, and had more life experience than Zoe, so she was calmer.
	She asked Zoe to take her arm, and they walked out of the office pretending to shoot the breeze, and then left the top floor by the elevator. Zoe was relieved.
	"Lina, let's go back to City J." Zoe was really scared.
	"If we leave so sudden, it will be too obvious. Brother Bright will think we did that." Lina patted Zoe's hands. "Just remember you didn't do this. She fell on the floor herself. They would suspect you of doing it if you panic."
	"Take a deep breath and relax. Breathe again and relax."
	Zoe nodded and listened to Lina and followed her to make herself relaxed.
	"So where are we going?"
	"Just go to a cafe downstairs and have some coffee." Lina suggested.
	While Lina and Zoe were at the coffee shop, Bright ended the meeting and headed for the office, followed by Masie and Bill.
	Masie pushed open the office door. Bright entered the room, glanced around but did not see Doris.
	"Where's Doris?" Bright asked.
	"Mr. Lee, I will ask Jessie." said Masie.
	Bright nodded and walked around his office. He came to the office desk and put down the documents. Out of the corner of his eye, he was caught by the pink figure on the sofa.
	Bright frowned and hurried to the sofa. Sure enough, he saw little Doris lying on the gray carpet.
	And what shocked him was that the bloody flower pattern on the carpet grew large, which made his heart twitch.
	He knelt down quickly and cradled Doris carefully in his arms.
	He gave Doris a gentle shake, "Baby, wake up. Can you hear me...?"
	Doris still kept her eyes tightly closed. There was a scab of blood on her forehead, from which the blood flowed, staining her long, thick eyelashes. Her pure white face was also stained red with blood, making his heart ache.
	"Bill, get the car ready!" Bright shouted.
	Bill, who was standing by, was stunned, and he recollected his sense by Bright's shout, "Yes!"
	Bright picked Doris up and hurried out.
	As soon as he came out of the office, he met Masie. When Masie saw Doris injured and unconscious in Bright's arms, she widened her eyes in shock.
	Bright didn't look at her, but she was shivering because of the cold aura emanating from Bright, as if it were the arctic wind.
	Masie followed Bright and went to the elevator first and pressed to the first floor.
	"Mr. Lee, what's the matter?" Masie's throat felt dry when she spoke.
	"I want to know what happened, too!" Bright's eyes were solemn, "I asked you to find someone to look after her. Is that how you look after her? Secretary Masie, it seems that it isn't important to you!"
	"Mr. Lee, I am the one to be blamed for this, and I will accept the punishment." Masie didn't pass the buck, but took the responsibility.
	"I don't have time to deal with you now." When Bright saw the elevator open, he stepped out immediately.
	Masie followed, "Mr. Lee, let me go with you to the hospital."
	Bright didn't say anything. He just tightened his eyebrows. Who the hell had hurt Doris?
	If he found that person out, he wouldn't let it go.
Chapter 245 His Daughter's Life Is More Important than His
	The cold air in the narrow elevator made Masie feel stressed and suffocated.
	She bowed her head with guilty and felt upset.
	She didn't expect such a thing would happen to Doris. It was like a knife stabbing into Mr. Lee's heart.
	When Bright got to the underground parking lot, Bill had already got the car ready. Masie hurried up to open the door. Bright, holding Doris, bent down and got into the car.
	Masie got into the passenger seat and Bill quickly pulled out of the underground parking lot and sped all the way to the nearest People's Hospital.
	At the hospital, as soon as the car stopped, Masie quickly got out and opened the door for Bright. And then he got out with Doris in his arms and hurried to the emergency department.
	"Doctor, help!" Bright's words were simple but powerful.
	When he appeared, the strong aura made others impossible to ignore him.
	A nurse quickly wheeled the mobile bed over. Bright put Doris down on the bed and said, "Save my daughter. I just want my daughter to be fine."
	"Don't worry, Sir. We'll do our best. Please go and get through the formalities." The nurse had observed the wound on Doris's forehead.
	"Mr. Lee, I'll go check in." Masie volunteered, because she was also responsible. "What's the little lady's basic information?"
	"Doris Linder, 5 years old..." said Bright.
	Masie wrote it down and went to check in for Doris, while Bill stayed with Bright.
	He went to the nurse's station and served Bright a cup of warm water, "Don't worry, Mr. Lee," he said, "She'll be all right."
	Bright sat down in the chair. Instead of taking the water Bill offered him, he put his hands on his forehead and felt agitated.
	Never had he been so frightened. It seemed as if an endless abyss was going to swallow up all his coolness, restraint, and reason.
	Bright didn't want to talk, so he closed his eyes and tried to calm himself down. He couldn't get things messy now.
	Bill just stood there and said nothing.
	He had been with Bright for many years and had a good understanding of his habits.
	He was upset now, so what he wanted was to be quiet, so Bill did not disturb him.
	After Masie finished the formalities, she came over and saw Bright with his hands on his forehead and his handsome face was blocked, with his expression being invisible.
	As Masie was about to speak, Bill gestured her to keep silent.
	Masie immediately stopped and stood quietly beside Bill.
	As the minutes passed, Bright remained in that position, calm but anxious.
	It was like he was going to be torn apart...
	He seemed to see his elder brother lying in a hospital bed covered in blood...
	He hated this feeling very much. It made him feel so weak and he could do nothing but to wait...
	He could only passively accept the results, even the bad ones...
	His elder brother had been in a coma for years, and he was afraid Doris would be like this.
	Suddenly, the emergency room was pushed open by the nurse. Bright immediately stood up and asked, "How is my daughter?"
	"You're Doris Linder's dad?" The nurse looked at Bright, who nodded. "The blood bank is in want of type AB today. Do you have some friends or relatives who have the same blood type? The girl is in need of it."
	"My blood type is AB. You can take mine." Bright's blood type happened to be the same as Doris's. The Lee family was of AB blood type.
	His white shirt, stained with the blood of Doris, was darker now, but it was still frightening.
	"Come with me." The nurse took Bright to the blood collection room. "But the patient still needs 600CC of blood. You can't do it alone. Ask for one more to transfer the blood."
	Bill was worried about Bright so he followed him, so that he could be with him at any time.
	Bright sat on a high stool, his sleeves pulled up above his elbows, exposing his strong forearms.
	The nurse fastened a rubber tube on him, disinfected his arm and pushed a long thin needle into his blue blood vessel. When the nurse released the rubber tube, dark red blood flowed through the transparent tube...
	"Nurse, take 600CC from me. I just need my daughter to be fine." Bright said to the nurse.
	"400CC at most." The nurse said.
	"I'm in good health. I can take 600CC." Bright suggested.
	The nurse looked at him for a moment. "It's not good for you."
	"Just take it, and I'll sign that it has nothing to do with you." Bright insisted, "600CC won't kill me anyway. My daughter's life is more important than mine."
	"Mr. Lee, I have talked to our human resources department about the situation. I am collecting volunteers and I will be here soon. I understand you want to save your daughter, but you don't need to put yourself at risk. Your life and Doris's life are important!"
	"Shut up. I can save my own daughter." Bright cut him off.
	"Mr. Lee, don't be so... I don't know how to explain to President Francis." Bill felt weak on his feet.
	"I don't have to tell anyone before I save my daughter." Bright said to the nurse, "I will sign the liability waiver."
	"Mr. Lee..." Bill was about to cry.
	Under Bright's insistence, the nurse could only take 600 CC. She suggested Bright to take a rest on the bed, but Bright didn't want to. He wanted to stay with Doris, but he was unable to walk now and felt dizzy.
	Bill helped Bright to sit on a chair beside him. His face turned a little pale, especially his thin lips.
	"Mr. Lee, why do you have to do this?" Bill looked at Bright and felt upset.
	"She's my daughter. If I don't save her, who can be the one?" Bright closed his eyes to have a rest.
	"I have asked someone to buy some nutrient porridge for you." Bill paused and then added, "It will do good for your health."
	Bright got up slowly after taking a brief rest. He still felt dizzy, but he forced himself to walk.
	"Mr. Lee, I've got Secretary Masie over there. Please take a break." Bill's brow furrowed, looking worried.
	"What's that look on your face? I am not dying." Bright stepped forward. "Let's go."
	Bill wanted to help Bright, but he dared not, for fear that Bright would scold him. But Bright was tired and sweat oozed out of his forehead.
	"Mr. Lee, I will help you even if you fire me." Bill braved to help support Bright.
	Bright wanted to push him away, but he stopped because of what Bill had said. His thin lips lifted slightly and leaned on Bill.
	When they got to the emergency room and waited a while, Doris was finally wheeled out.
	Bright was so excited that he almost fainted when he stood up too suddenly.
Chapter 246 Remember You Didn't Push Her
	Bright stretched out his hand to hold the wall. Bill held him up and looked worried. "Mr. Lee, are you all right? Would you like to have a check?"
	"I'm fine." Bright steadied himself, "Don't make a fuss."
	Bill was just worried about Bright's health. His health was related to the fate of the whole HY Group, and the Lee family also needed him.
	Francis Lee had already lost an excellent son, and he certainly did not want anything to happen to this son. After all, he was the only one who could shoulder the heavy burden of HY Group and the Lee family.
	Stefan Lee was still in school, too young and inexperienced.
	"I heard that Mr. Lee took 600CC of blood to save his daughter. This fatherly love is touching, but health is also very important. When you go home, you must take good care of your heath and eat more nutrient food." The doctor felt that Bright was a responsible father who would rather hurt himself than seeing his child get hurt.
	"Doctor, I'm all right. How's my daughter?" Bright held his breath, trying to ignore the dizziness.
	The doctor began to talk about Doris, "Fortunately, she was sent to the hospital in time, and has gotten the blood transfusion. The child is out of danger now. As for the wound on the forehead, it got a few stitches, and it would get healed."
	"Thank you, doctor." Bright said. "Would it leave a scar?"
	"We sewed it with very fine threads, and there will be a small scar, but it is on the forehead, which the bangs can cover it. Besides, the medical cosmetology now is so developed that it can be removed." laughed the doctor.
	"Good." Bright kept that in mind, "I will go to see my daughter now."
	The doctor nodded. "Go ahead."
	Bright did not ask Bill to help him, but insisted on walking to Doris's private room.
	The nurse had checked her and covered her up. When the nurse saw Bright coming into the ward, she was in a trance for a moment. She was shocked by Bright's handsome and charming look, but it was a pity that such an attractive man had married and had a daughter at such age.
	Although the nurse wanted to see Bright for longer, she still left the room, leaving the quiet room for them.
	Bright looked at Doris lying in the hospital bed with her eyes tightly closed. He could not see her smiling eyes like grapes, nor could he hear her calling him "Daddy". Her face was as white as paper because she had lost too much blood, just like a porcelain doll that would be broken at the touch.
	"Mr. Lee, take a seat." Bill moved the chair behind Bright.
	Bright sat down but never took his eyes off Doris.
	Bill was standing behind him all the time. Masie handed Bill the nutrient porridge she bought.
	"Mr. Lee, you took a lot of blood just now. Have some food."
	"I don't want to eat it." Bright was so preoccupied with Doris that he couldn't eat until he saw her wake up.
	"You can't stand it. Who's going to take care of Doris if you fall ill?" Bill had to use Doris to lure Bright into eating.
	Bright looked back and looked at the bowl of porridge in Bill's hand. He didn't have much appetite and said, "Put it down now. I'll eat it later."
	"Mr. Lee..."
	"Do I listen to you or you listen to me?" Bright glared at the talkative Bill.
	Bill hung his head slightly and looked grave. "Mr. Lee, I'm really worried about you."
	"All right, I'll eat it." Bright understood Bill's kindness, "I really have no appetite now. I'll eat when I'm hungry."
	Bill then put the porridge on the bedside.
	"Secretary Masie." Bright called Masie. She stepped forward and asked, "What do you need, Mr. Lee?"
	"Who did you ask to look after Doris, and why did she get hurt?" Bright wanted to find out what had happened.
	"I asked Jessie from the Secretary Department to take care of her. She said she had visited Doris from time to time, but she had a stomachache and went to the toilet for a short time... and then it happened." Masie explained the situation simply, "Mr. Lee, I'm sorry, but it was my negligence that let the little lady get hurt. I will accept punishment."
	"We'll talk about it when Doris wakes up." Bright wanted to ask Doris about the situation before making a decision. "You can go back."
	"Mr. Lee, let me stay with you, so that I can take care of you. And I can also run errands." Bill wanted to take care of Bright because he had just lost so much blood that he was weak now. If there was anything wrong with Bright, he would feel guilty.
	"I'll stay, too." Masie said.
	"Bill would stay. You can go back." Bright reached out to hold Doris's hand, and then the phone rang.
	Bright pulled out his cell phone and saw it was Lina calling. He then remembered that he would treat her for dinner tonight.
	When Doris got hurt, he'd forgotten all about it.
	"Brother Bright..." Lina called to him sweetly. "Did you forget to invite me to dinner?"
	"Lina, I'm a little busy right now, so I have to take a rain check." Bright had to change the time.
	"What? What's the matter? Can I help you?" Lina asked kindly. Actually, she knew it was because of Doris.
	"Doris is injured and in the hospital. I have to be there with her." Bright told the truth and got upset.
	"Doris got hurt? Wasn't she fine when I left? How could she get hurt? Is it serious? How's she now?" Lina asked a lot of questions.
	"I don't know how she was hurt, but she's out of danger now, though she's still in a coma. I'll ask her what happened when she wakes up. You don't need to worry." Bright softly sighed.
	Lina, of course, was worried. She had a guilty conscience, "I'm relieved that she is out of danger now. Zoe and I will come to the hospital immediately."
	"You don't need to come. Doris needs peace and quiet. I'll just stay with her." Bright refused Lina to come here, "You can have dinner with Zoe. I will treat you to dinner next time."
	"Doris is hurt and needs your company now. Take me to dinner any day. Zoe and I will go to the hotel first," Lina said, pretending to be reasonable, "Don't worry about it too much."
	"Good. Take care." Bright then hung up the phone.
	Lina then felt relieved. Zoe beside her quickly asked, "Lina, what did my brother say? Does he know I pushed Doris over?"
	"Remember you didn't push Doris." Lina said to her, hoping she would self-hypnotize.
Chapter 247 You Won't Feel Sad Because She Is Not Your Daughter
	"Yes, yes, I didn't push her." Zoe nodded heavily, but she still was scared.
	"Doris is not awake. Your brother doesn't know anything yet." Lina put her phone down and looked at Zoe. "Even if she wakes up and says something, you just don't admit it. I'll help you if I can, Zoe. But you have to keep calm, or we will suffer."
	"I'll be leaving you if that happens, Zoe, and don't blame me for doing that."
	"I know, Lina. I'll do what you say." Zoe clenched her hands. "So can we go back tomorrow?"
	So if Bright heard anything from Doris, at least she was back in City J with her parents around her. That would be better than to be alone in City H being scolded by her brother.
	"And I proposed to visit Doris." Lina propped her chin on one hand.
	"Go to... to see Doris?" Zoe was terrified. "Lina, Doris would point us out when we go to the hospital. Bright will listen to him and we are doomed. I'm not going to visit her."
	"You are wrong." Lina smiled secretly, "If we dare to go to the hospital, it means we are not guilty. Even if Doris points us out, there is no proof. With me here, your brother won't do anything to you. What's more, Mr. Francis and Hallie will protect you. You are the eldest daughter of the Lee family. How could you not be as confident as Brother Bright?"
	Zoe lowered her eyes and looked lost, "Lina, you know I am not related with them by blood. I'm just a stepdaughter. People all me "Lady" just for the sake of the Lee family and my father, otherwise I am nobody."
	Her eyes were wet and sad. If she could, she would really like to be related to Bright.
	She couldn't love him aboveboard, but at least she could be his real relative, and could give him the real love.
	Lina reached for her hand, saying apologetically, "Zoe, I'm sorry. I didn't mean that. I just wish you to be strong."
	"I see. I don't blame you. It's really my fault." Zoe looked at Lina. "How good it would be if I could be as calm and collected as you are."
	"It doesn't matter. I shouldn't force you. You are still young, after all." Lina decided not to force her, "Rest assured, you have me, and I will not let anyone hurt you."
	"Lina, you've been so good to me. You are like my sister. Thank you." Zoe smiled at her.
	"You are welcome, I am on your side." Lina reached out to hug Zoe.
	Zoe rested her head on her shoulder, feeling secure and safe.
	"How good it will be if my brother had married you." Zoe sighed.
	"Don't be discouraged. I will wait until Brother Bright knows I have been waiting for him." Lina was confident. "I'm sure he'll understand that the woman isn't right for him. And I'm the one he should be with."
	"Lina, I'm with you and stand by you all the time." In Zoe's eyes, Lina was indeed an excellent woman who could help Bright in both life and career.
	If Bright married Lina, she could give up, but Bright married Rose, who had a daughter, she couldn't accept it.
	Bright at the hospital saw it was off work now. He had to tell Rose so she wouldn't pick Doris up at the kindergarten.
	Besides, she was Doris's mother and had the right to know that her daughter was injured and hospitalized.
	Bright dialed Rose's number and said, "I took Doris away."
	Rose pinched her phone and said in a distant tone, "What did you want to do? Why did you take Doris away this time?"
	"Do you have time to come to the people's hospital? We are in Room 601, the first inpatient department." Bright just told her where he was now.
	Rose's heart suddenly tightened. "What's wrong?"
	"Doris was injured." Bright could only tell the truth.
	"How did she get hurt?" Rose asked him.
	"It's a long story. Come to the hospital, please." Bright added, "Be careful on the road."
	Rose said she would be right back and hung up the phone. Bright looked at Doris and prayed in his heart that she would wake up soon.
	Soon, Rose arrived at Room 601. She pushed open the door and walked to Bright.
	She took one look at Doris lying lifeless in the hospital bed and asked him, "Why did Doris get hurt?"
	"It's my fault, Rose. It's my fault for not taking good care of her." Bright stood up, blaming himself.
	Rose's eyes turned red. "She was doing well in school. Why did you take her away? Since you can't take care of her, why did you take her away!"
	"I'm sorry." Bright had never apologized to anyone, but now he lowered his noble head.
	And this was Rose, his wife, the woman he loved, the mother of his daughter, so he was not ashamed, and even thought that apology was not enough.
	"Does apology help? Could time travel back and you could let Doris avoid hurt?" Rose's nose was sore and there was a lump in her throat. She said in a choked voice, "You know the saying if it wasn't your child, you won't be sad. Just because Doris is not your daughter, you won't care about her!"
	"Who said she is not my daughter?" Bright replied, wringing his long eyebrows, which made Rose surprised.
	He bit his thin lips and then said, "I always treat Doris like my own daughter. It kills me when I see her being hurt. Don't you think your words are too sharp?"
	"Bright, I know you have grudges against me, but you can vent your anger at me. Why do you hurt Doris? She's so young; how can you bear to do that?" Rose bit her lip and kept staring at him with red eyes. "I don't accept your apologies!"
	"Calm down, Rose. I know it kills you too, but I'm no better than you. How I wish the one who gets hurt was me, not her!" Bright looked at Rose, who was trying to hold back her tears, and felt more painful in his heart.
	"The doctor said Doris is out of danger. She would wake up. We will watch her together until she wakes up."
	Rose was terrified at the thought of little Doris lying wounded. She could not calm down, and was even agitated. She asked him sharply, "It would be fine? You don't know how hard it is! Bright, I don't want to see you. Please go out right now!"
	"Rose..." Bright reached for her shoulder to soothe her, but he didn't expect Rose to do this...
Chapter 248 She Had All the Privileges in front of Him
	Rose did not want Bright to touch her, so she instinctively pushed him away. As a result, Bright fell to the ground and knocked over the chair behind him.
	Rose was stunned that Bright would fall on the ground. Her eyes widened with shock.
	She looked at her hands in disbelief. She didn't push him hard. How could someone as strong as Bright would fall on the ground?
	When he opened the door, Bill's face turned pale as he saw Bright was on the ground.
	He hurried up to help Bright up. But Bright refused him, "I will do it myself."
	"Bright, stop acting." Rose could only think so. Otherwise, with Bright's physical strength, she could not push him down.
	Bright took a deep breath and stretched out his hand to hold the chair to stand up.
	"Bright, are you trying to scare me?" Rose looked at Bright standing in front of her, his white shirt stained with blood. "Do you think I won't blame you for making me feel guilty?"
	"You can beat me as you want, scold me or anything else. I have no complaint." Bright looked at her eyelashes, which were tinted with tears.
	"What's the use of that!" Rose pursed her lips and looked away, but she could not stop the tears from falling down.
	She stubbornly lifted her hand and wiped it away, not wanting to let others see her shedding tears.
	Bill was upset to see they were having quarrels, especially when he saw Bright being wronged.
	"Mrs. Lee, you misunderstand Mr. Lee. Doris's injury was not caused by Mr. Lee." Bill saw that Bright had no intention of explaining himself. He had to step up and be the peacemaker.
	"He caused that indirectly." Rose stubbornly believed that Doris's injury had something to do with Bright. "If he hasn't taken her away and left her alone in the office, this wouldn't have happened."
	"I'm Doris's mother, and I've worked hard to raise her since she was a baby. I love her and I don't want her to get hurt. It hurts me ten times as much as it hurts her. Can you feel it? Don't advise me to be generous since you haven't been through what I've been through!"
	Rose thought of what she had suffered and why Doris had come into this world... she owed her. She owed the child for the rest of her life.
	"Mrs. Lee, you really misunderstand Mr. Lee. Mr. Lee picked Doris up from kindergarten for some errands and then asked her to play with him, but..."
	"Okay, Bill, get out of here." Bright cut him off. "This is between us, so don't interfere into this."
	"Mr. Lee, there is something I must tell Mrs. Lee." Bill was unmoved and continued, "Doris wanted to go to Mr. Lee's office and went to work with her daddy. Doris is a smart girl, and she didn't want to bother Mr. Lee's work."
	"Mr. Lee took good care of Doris himself when he went to the office. But there was an important meeting in the afternoon, so he asked a secretary to take care of him. But the secretary had a stomachache and went to the toilet. And the accident happened at that time!"
	"Mr. Lee was so angry that he wanted to kill people when he saw Doris get hurt. We rushed Doris to the hospital, but Doris lost a lot of blood. The hospital was in need of Doris's blood type and Mr. Lee took 600CC of blood and gave it to Doris."
	"A person can only take 400CC at most, but in order to save Doris, Mr. Lee insisted on taking 600CC regardless of the advice of the nurse. The excessive blood drawing caused Mr. Lee to feel dizzy, so Mrs. Lee, you did not use much strength to push Mr. Lee, but he fell."
	"Mrs. Lee, Mr. Lee put Doris's life much more important than his own. He hasn't had a sip of water since Doris got hurt. The doctor advised him to have some nutrient food, but he had not yet eaten the nutrient porridge secretary Masie has given him."
	"He loves Doris as much as you do, but you accused him so sharply. It's not fair to Mr. Lee!" Bill then made a conclusion, "He really loves Doris, and this is really just an accident. We didn't want it to happen, but it did, and what we should do now it to get Doris better as soon as possible."
	"That's all. I'm going out." Bill looked at Bright, "Mr. Lee, I will be outside. If you need anything, just call me."
	Bright nodded and watched as Bill turned to leave.
	After Bill finished speaking, Rose and Bright did not speak for several minutes. The room was very quiet and even the drop of needles could be heard.
	Rose had her back to Bright, who kept staring at her straight and thin back.
	Bright then walked gently over to Rose and stood behind her and wrapped her in his arms.
	Rose felt that she had fallen into a warm and solid embrace. She just lowered her eyelids and covered her starry eyes without refusing or struggling.
	Rose couldn't deny that what Bill had said touched her a lot, especially when Bright transferred his blood to Doris... She felt her restless heart calm down at last.
	When Bright saw that she did not push her away, he smiled with satisfaction and said, "Rose, I am responsible for Doris's injury. I am sorry that I did not take good care of her."
	His sincere apology lingered in her ears. When Rose calmed down, she was not so indiscriminate or unreasonable.
	"I was the one who should apologize. I was impulsive just now. I know how much you love Doris, and I shouldn't have hurt you with these sharp words." Rose thought that she had pushed down Bright, who had just taken 600CC of blood, and she was really annoyed with herself for being irrational.
	"It doesn't matter. Mrs. Lee has every privilege in front of Mr. Lee." Bright held her arms and rested his chin on her shoulder. "Doris is hurt, and you are so close to each other, so it makes sense why are you are so angry. I don't blame you."
	Bright's kind and generous answer made Rose feel guiltier and she couldn't say anything.
	"It must hurt after all transferred so much blood." Rose's eyes rested on his arm.
	"I am a man. It doesn't matter to transfer so little blood." Bright didn't mind that.
	"Do you think you are God? Don't pretend to be strong. If you are really fine, you wouldn't have fallen down when I gave you a gentle push." Rose hastily pulled down his hand, turned around, and looked him up and down. "Did you get hurt?"
Chapter 249 Never Thought of Leaving You
	As Bright had been drawn much blood, Rose was afraid that if she had pushed him hard, he would fall and hit the chair and get hurt.
	"No." Bright took the opportunity to grasp her hand. "Not angry anymore?"
	"I shouldn't have been angry with you." Rose sighed lightly, "I was so unreasonable. I'm sorry."
	"Well, we would all lose our temper. You don't have to blame yourself." Bright raised his hand and stroked her hair, smoothing the hair over her ears. "It's a good thing to vent your anger when you're angry. It's not good to hold it back."
	Rose looked up at Bright, whose hair was dimmed by the light. The light outlined his jawline, but softened his cold and handsome features.
	"Bright, why are you so nice and gentle to me when we are going to divorce?" Rose's heart ached as she thought of Bright handing the divorce documents to her, "Do you want me to leave you?"
	"Do you want to leave?" Bright's dark eyes were fixed on her closely, observing every subtle expression on her face.
	Rose pressed her lips tightly, hesitating...
	"If you don't feel happy with me, and if you have someone else in your heart, I don't want to tie you to me. I won't blame you for leaving me." Bright was serious. "I admit I don't want you to leave, but as long as you're happy, I think I can let you go."
	"Bright, do you think I will be happy when you let go of me without asking me?" Rose looked into his eyes. "My happiness is so imprudently determined by you?"
	"I..." Bright was struck dumb by her question.
	"Bright." Rose threw herself into his arms and pressed her face against his chest. "Believe it or not, I never wanted to leave you..."
	Bright had pressed his thin, eager lips against Rose's, blocking her words with a hot, lingering kiss. He kissed her so eagerly that she could not think and her mind went blank.
	She kissed him back, and Bright seemed to be encouraged, kissed her so wildly that she felt painful and uttered some noise, which softened his mind.
	When they were almost out of breath, he let go of her.
	She was so involved in his kiss that her eyes looked charming and alluring, so did his.
	"Say it again." Bright gasped, holding her face.
	"I said I never wanted to leave you." Rose's watery eyes were bright, like the stars shining in the night sky.
	Bright pressed his forehead against hers and blew his breath on her face. "If you think so, why tortured me so much... Rose, you are bad."
	"What have I done to make you think so?" Rose felt wronged, "Is that why you want me to divorce you?"
	"I don't want to just keep you by my side, while your heart belongs to someone else..." Bright released his hand from her face and placed his finger on her chest. "What I want to keep is your heart."
	Rose wrapped her arms around his neck and said, "My heart is so small that it can only hold you."
	There was a trace of surprise in Bright's eyes, and a gleam of joy, but he still didn't dare to believe that.
	"When did Mr. Lee become so unconfident?" Rose reached out and grabbed his fingers. "Are you still the Bright who makes others fear?"
	"All men are equal in love." Bright euphemistically admitted to being timid, "I've never been confident in front of you."
	"Only when Mr. Lee is confident can he keep Mrs. Lee." Rose smiled slightly.
	"Naughty girl." Bright felt content at the moment.
	Bright smiled and kissed lightly on Rose's lips.
	Rose smiled back and gave him a big hug.
	Just as they were glad to clear up the misunderstanding, out of the corner of their eyes they saw that Doris had woken up and was already sitting up and staring at them.
	Rose immediately let go of Bright and was embarrassed to kiss him in front of Doris.
	Doris immediately covered her eyes with her hands and smiled. "Dad, mom, I didn't see anything. You don't have to worry about me, just go ahead..."
	When Rose heard Doris say this, her face became very red and hot. "Doris," she said, "You finally wake up. You freaked me out."
	"Doris, do you feel anything wrong or uncomfortable?" Bright was also concerned her.
	"Does your forehead hurt?" Rose looked at the blood-stained white gauze, feeling distressed.
	Bright continued, "Are you hungry? Thirsty? Tell dad what you want and I'll ask Uncle Bill to get it for you."
	Their concern made Doris feel the love from her parents. She was so happy, but she burst into tears.
	"How to... Why are you crying?" When Rose saw her crying, her heart ached.
	"Do you feel hurt? I will call the doctor." Bright turned to leave.
	But Doris took Bright's hand and said, "Dad, it doesn't hurt. I'm crying for joy, can't you see?"
	Bright was shocked, "Do you know your mother will feel sad for your crying?"
	Doris reached for Rose's hand and she put his parents' hands with hers together. "Mom and dad, I love you both," she said, "I am so lucky to be your daughter."
	"We are also very happy to have you." Bright and Rose smiled at each other.
	Bright then asked, "Doris, tell daddy how you got hurt?"
	"I was being careless." Doris lied.
	Bright looked at Doris. Her big, beautiful eyes looked back at him, very calm.
	"Don't be so careless in future." Bright reached over and rubbed her hair.
	"I see. Sorry to let you worry about me. I will be more careful and protect myself in the future." Doris admitted her "mistake".
	"Yes, protecting yourself is the most important thing." Rose agreed, holding Doris in her arms.
	When she looked at Bright, she felt that she had wronged him. At that moment, she felt more self-condemned and discomfortable.
	Bright saw what she was thinking. He extended his long arms and embraced both of them. The picture of the three was very loving and warm.
	After that, Bright called Bill in for dinner. Doris greeted him sweetly.
	Bill smiled soothingly and happily.
	After Rose, Bright and Bill had dinner, Bill took out the garbage. Bright asked Bill to take Rose home.
Chapter 250 I Am Not Weak
	Rose disagreed, "You're weak now. You're the one who needs to go back and rest. I'll stay with Doris today."
	"It doesn't matter." Bright didn't want Doris to know what he had done and thus feel stressful or guilty. "Besides, she's my daughter, and it's natural for a father to save his child. Children are more important than ourselves. As long as she's safe and sound, it's better than anything."
	All he wanted was for Doris to be happy and grow up healthy.
	"I understand how you feel about Doris, but you must listen to me and go home to rest." Rose insisted, "I don't want Doris getting better while you get sick, so please don't make me worry about you. I will feel comfortable here being with Doris if you go home and get some rest."
	"Mr. Lee, Mrs. Lee is right. You had your blood taken too much today, and you will have to go to work tomorrow. You can't stay up all night here, or you will fall ill as well." Bill tried to convince him.
	"Daddy, go home and have a rest. Doris hopes you're all right." Doris also suggested, "If there is anything wrong with you, I will feel guilty. It's fine to have mom staying with me."
	Bright looked at the three people who were trying to persuade him and finally agreed.
	"Well, you must have a good rest and get well quickly." Bright' caressed her hair, feeling sorry for her.
	He had something to deal with tomorrow, and he had to punish the employee who didn't take good care of Doris.
	"Dad, I'm all right." Doris smiled happily.
	She acted as usual. However, she knew that the anesthetic had passed and the wound on her forehead was beginning to hurt, but she didn't want Bright to worry.
	Bright looked down, kissed Doris on the forehead and backed away. "I'll leaving now. Listen to mom."
	"Bye, daddy. Bye uncle Bill. Be careful." And then she waved and smiled at them and sent them away.
	After Bright left, Doris stopped smiling and put her hand up to touch the gauze on the wound. Her little face wrinkled slightly.
	"Don't touch it." Rose raised her hand and took her hand down. "Does it hurt?"
	"Not really, but a little..." Doris made a gesture with her little hand.
	Rose sat down in a chair and looked at her daughter. "You must be more careful in the future, or both dad and mom will feel distressed. I can't bear to see you to suffer the pain..."
	"Mom, don't tell dad I'm in pain." Doris held Rose's hand and felt sad. "Daddy gave me so much blood. Is he fine?"
	"Dad is in good health. Of course he'll be all right. The doctor said he would be all right as long as he takes more nutrient food, so don't worry. Dad won't worry if you get well soon." Rose held Doris's hand back gently. "Go to sleep. Mom will be with you."
	Doris nodded, closed her eyes and went to sleep.
	Rose did not leave Doris's bedside. She held Doris's hand as she watched the drip run out and called the nurse for a needle.
	Late at night, when she could not stand it any longer, she bent over the bed and went to sleep.
	It was not until the dawn that Bright came to the hospital. He entered the ward gently and saw Rose holding Doris's hand all the time and never let go. The mother and daughter looked very beautiful even when they were sleeping.
	Bright put away the breakfast he had brought and then he bent down to hold Rose. But as soon as he touched her, she opened her eyes.
	"Why are you here so early?" Rose rubbed her eyes and looked at Bright.
	"I always get up at this time, remember?" Bright looked at the time. It was half past six.
	Rose nodded. She was still sleepy. She used to get up after seven o' clock.
	"I'll carry you over to the couch and get some more sleep." Bright was about to hold her up.
	Rose raised her hand and patted him on the shoulder. "Stop it. I'll wash my face."
	Rose asked Bright to let go of her. He had to let go and watched her go to the bathroom.
	Rose ran the hot water, took a clean towel and washed her face. A pure face without makeup was shown in the mirror.
	As she had a fair skin, she looked stunning and lustrous, so even if Rose didn't wear any makeup, she looked very beautiful.
	Bright walked in and looked at the delicate face, which was as beautiful as a white lotus flower, especially the eyebrows and eyes, which were so attractive.
	Rose also saw Bright in the mirror. He came forward and put his hands on the wash-basin, trapping her between him and the wash-basin. Bright's strong masculine aura filled the air. Looking at his handsome face and deep eyes, her heart missed a beat.
	"Thanks for the effort." Bright met her eyes in the mirror.
	"All for the child. And thank you, too." Rose lifted her lips.
	Bright pressed over and kissed her on the cheek.
	Rose blushed. "It's early in the morning," she said, "restrain yourself."
	"I did." Bright's arms wrapped around her. With a trace of regret and guilt in his tone, he said, "I want to take back the divorce agreement. Let's live a good life."
	"Is it all up to you for whether to let go of me? I'll have to think twice about whether to give it back to you." Rose pretended to be proud. In fact, she just didn't want him to decide everything, especially something that would hurt her, "Mr. Lee, it depends on your performance."
	"I must let you satisfy." Bright turned her around. He pressed his lips against hers.
	With one hand around her soft waist and the other on the back of her head, he gradually kissed her deeply, passionately and powerfully, so that she could not resist, until she forgot herself and was dominated by him...
	It was not until she felt the skin on her shoulders exposed to the cold air that she suddenly woke up and reached for the clothes on her shoulders.
	She flushed and stared at him. "This is Doris's room. How could you do that?"
	"Didn't you say you wanted to see my performance?" Bright answered with a raised eyebrow.
	Rose gritted her teeth and snapped, "I didn't mean that!"
	He knew she didn't mean it, but he did it on purpose.
	"But I think that should be part of it. I always have to prove that it doesn't bother me after I did the blood drawing." Bright argued, "It's important to make you happy."
	Rose did not know how to answer him for a while, and then said, "Who fell over after a slight push yesterday?"
	"After the rest of the night, I have been fully revived, so I'll let you know I am not weak." Bright could always get to the point he wanted.
Chapter 251 Mrs. Lee Must Cherish Mr. Lee
	"Yes, yes, you are not weak, and you are very strong, all right?" Rose admitted and praised him.
	Rose put up the towel and tried to leave the cramped bathroom. She was suffocated by his powerful aura.
	Bright leaned his long arm against the wall beside her, blocking her way. "Try it at the right time," he said.
	"You are evil." Rose bit her lips and glared at him.
	"I do it for your good." Bright's smile was even more presumptuous.
	Rose reached out and pulled his hand away from the wall and gave him a push, and then walked past him out of the bathroom.
	Bright followed her, pulled her over to the sofa and sat down.
	"I asked nanny to cook some porridge, and prepared some side dishes. Have some, Rose." Bright opened the thermos bottle he had brought with him, took out the vegetables and put them on the table. And then he got some porridge for Rose, "Have some. It's still warm."
	Rose took the bowl and looked at Bright. Her heart was full of warmth.
	She took a mouthful of the porridge and asked, "Have you eaten?"
	"Yes. There's some in the thermos bottle. When Doris wakes up, ask her to have some breakfast." Bright sat down and looked at Rose.
	Rose felt a little shy when she saw Bright looking at her all the time. "How can I eat with you staring at me all the time?"
	"Mrs. Lee is pretty and I want to watch you all the time." Bright was so sweet.
	There was no woman who didn't like to hear her husband's compliment of her, so Rose was impressed.
	"With your identity, what kind of beauty you have not seen." Rose snapped at him.
	"Not interested at all." Bright reclined on the sofa.
	Rose stared at him suspiciously. Bright explained, "I have never been interested in any woman before you, so..."
	He was telling the truth. Not only was he not interested in those women who were crazy about him, he would also find those women were annoyed.
	"It is such an honor." Rose smiled and went on with her breakfast.
	"So, Mrs. Lee should cherish Mr. Lee." Bright was not modest.
	Rose finished her breakfast and tidied it up. It was half past seven, and Doris still hadn't woken up.
	"Go to work now. I've already hired a nurse to take care of Doris." Bright tried to reassure her. "And there's a nurse providing one-to-one service to Doris."
	It was almost 8 o'clock when Doris woke up. Seeing her parents there, she laughed happily.
	"Good morning, mom, dad."
	"Good morning, baby." Rose wiped Doris's face and fed her the porridge.
	"Go to work, dad, mom. It's safe here. You can rest assured."
	So, Rose and Bright left the hospital and went to work.
	On the way to the office, Bright called Doris's kindergarten to ask for leave.
	Rose was relieved. Bright reached for her hand and she leaned on his shoulder.
	Rose came to the company first and said goodbye to Bright, who came to the company later.
	Upon arrival, Bright went directly to the president's secretary office. When all the employees in the huge office saw Bright, they all stood up and said in chorus, "Good morning, Mr. Lee!"
	"Who's Jessie Ellis?" Bright cut to the chase, with his eyes sweeping sharply across the room.
	Bright had a stern look between his eyes, and his powerful aura made everyone nervous.
	"I... I am." Jessie clasped her hands.
	"I'll give you a chance to explain what happened to Doris yesterday." Bright was not unkind.
	"President I... When I went to the bathroom because of stomachache, I didn't expect there would be an accident. I knew I am responsible for this, but I didn't expect it to happen." Jessie was afraid to look at Bright.
	"It's all right if you need to go to the bathroom, but you should find someone else to take over your job. How much time is that going to take? Or will there be no one outside to take over?" Bright held her to account. "That's a five-year-old kid. She can't be left alone, you know?"
	"President, I... I know I was wrong. I'll pay attention next time." Jessie bit her lip.
	"There's no next time. You're fired." Bright's tone was indifferent.
	Jessie looked at him in surprise for a moment. And then she said, "President, please give me another chance. I can't afford to lose this job."
	It was such a great honor and pride to work in HY Group, and the benefits were so attractive. She did not want to lose such a job.
	"If Doris had not been resuscitated, it would have been more than a firing." Bright was unmoved. "Secretary Masie, take her to get the salary paid and leave immediately."
	"Jessie, come on." Masie advised her.
	"President, please give me a chance..." Jessie burst into tears.
	"Why should I give you a chance? My chance is for the one who can handle things well, not you." Bright waved Jessie away as he was annoyed with her grieved look.
	"President, you can't be so cold-hearted. I worked hard with you from City J to City H, and I have put in a lot of efforts in whatever I do. Besides, Miss Doris's injury was an accident. You can't blame me for all the mistakes. I refuse to take it!" Jessie had nothing to fear at the end of her rope.
	"President, I have something to report." said one of the secretaries.
	Bright looked at the comely girl and said, "Yes?"
	"Jessie, don't be so upset. Did you go to the bathroom because you had a stomachache or because you had to phone your boyfriend?" Jessie's face turned pale at the comely secretary's remarks, but she retorted, "Bonnie, don't throw dirt at me!"
	"I was not alone in the toilet. There was also the cleaner. President, you could ask the cleaner about the situation." Bonnie was not afraid of offending anyone.
	"What do you want to say?" Bright's eyes were filled with anger when he learned the truth.
	"President, don't listen to her... I didn't. I mean, I did call, but not for long..." Jessie couldn't hide it, so she had to admit it.
	"Yes, an hour isn't that long." Bonnie groaned softly.
	Jessie pursed her lips, but she could not say anything.
	"Very good." Bright nodded. "Anything else?"
	"Miss Kim and Miss Zoe came to your office half an hour after she went to the toilet. I don't remember how long, but after they left you came back from your meeting, and then Miss Doris was injured..." Bonnie said everything.
	"How did you know they were here?" Bright had no idea about it.
	"Because I brought the coffee in." said Bonnie, "and I came out as soon as I served the coffee."
	"And what were the situations when you went in? Was Doris okay?"
Chapter 252 She Didn't Want to Make It Hard for Her Dad
	Bright asked Bonnie, a little nervously.
	When Lina called him yesterday afternoon, she didn't say anything about them coming to the office to see him.
	He had a hunch that Lina and Zoe had something to do with Doris's injury, but at the same time, he hoped that it had nothing to do with them, otherwise...
	"Miss Doris was fine when I went in." Bonnie told all she knew, hoping that it might be of some help to Doris's injury.
	"Did you hear them talk to each other, or say anything?" Bright remembered how Lina and Doris had traded barbs when they first met in his office.
	He was afraid that in his absence there might be some conflict between them that might lead to some accident.
	But Doris had admitted that she fell accidentally, so it had nothing to do with Lina and Zoe. But why was he still so nervous?
	"No. I didn't stay long in the office." so she had no time to catch anything.
	"Good." Bright thought he should ask Doris or Lina and Zoe in person. "If you think of anything else, just let me or Bill know."
	Bright turned to leave, but then he stopped and looked at Bonnie, "You have done well. You have a sense of justice, and you deserve a promotion and a pay raise."
	"Thank you, President. As a member of the HY Group it's my job to be honest." Bonnie was happy, "but I am still in the internship."
	"That's all right, stay after the internship, and I'll ask Secretary Masie to give you a good position at a higher salary than any of the other full secretaries. I want everyone to know that there are rewards and punishments. Trying to play tricks is not going to work." Bright had his hand in the pocket and strode away.
	"Thank you, President." Bonnie bowed at Bright.
	She did not hope to stay in HY Group, because her degree was not the best, but she worked very hard and wanted to stay in HY Group.
	She didn't expect that the chance had come. She was so delight!
	The others were very envious of Bonnie having this chance.
	God always gave opportunities to people who were waiting for them.
	And Jessie was naturally resentful when she was fired. If Bonnie hadn't had told the truth to president, she would not have been fired.
	Bright went back to the office, took care of some urgent things, and then went to the hospital.
	Doris was having an intravenous drip right now. She was in bed, and the nurse was reading a children's story book with her.
	Doris saw Bright coming and her eyes lit up, "Dad, aren't you at work? What are you doing here? Are you worried about me? You don't have to worry about me. I'm as good as gold and I'm not afraid of pain. Have you forgotten that I am a tough girl?"
	Doris spoke in a row, which made Bright laugh.
	When the nurses saw Bright was here, they all left the room, leaving the room for them.
	Bright strode over and sat down in a chair. "Yes, you look much better now, or there wouldn't be so much talk."
	"Dad, you make fun of me." Doris pursed her lips in disapproval.
	"Doris, I have something to ask you. Be honest with me." Bright's eyes meet Doris's.
	"Yes." Doris nodded.
	"Did anyone else come by while you were staying in my office yesterday?"
	Doris paused for a second, then shook her head.
	"Really?" Bright asked her again.
	"No one came by." She lowered her eyes slightly, not looking directly into Bright's eyes.
	"Doris, it's not right to tell lies." Bright couldn't understand that Doris didn't like Lina, but she lied about not having seen her. "There are so many people in the company, there would be someone who saw them," he said.
	Doris dropped her head even lower. "I'm sorry, dad. I lied. When I was in the office, aunt Kim and your sister dropped by."
	"You've seen them, and you said you didn't like the aunt. Why did you say you didn't see them? Why lie?" Bright frowned, but he said gently, "Can you tell dad why?"
	"Dad... I..." Doris pressed her lips together and hesitated.
	"Daddy wants to hear the truth. Daddy wants Doris to be an honest child." Bright's big hands rested lightly on her small shoulders. "I hope I can be proud of my baby."
	Doris looked into Bright's deep, gentle eyes and nodded.
	"I didn't mean to lie. I didn't tell you because I didn't want to make it hard for you." Doris was just trying to tell a white lie.
	"Sometimes a white lie is a good one, but it's also a lie, got it?" Bright hoped Doris didn't tell lies, even it was a white lie. "But why would it be hard for dad? Did they have anything to do with your injury? That's why you kept it a secret?"
	What a sensible child she was to say that she did not want her dad to worry about her, especially it was the one she didn't like.
	"Father, you are as clever as mother said. Nothing can hide from you." Doris knew that she could not keep it a secret, so she told the whole story. "They were both your sisters, and I was hurt by them. It would have been very difficult for you to deal with the matter, so I hid it from you."
	"My baby is so kind. You indeed make me proud. But we don't need to be generous and kind to those who hurt you. You're a kid, and you just need to protect yourself." Bright looked at the wound on Doris's forehead and could not calm down when he realized that it was caused by two adults.
	"Dad, don't blame them, I am also partly responsible for my injury."
	Doris held Bright's sleeve in her little hand and begged him, "I'm all right now. Just save the trouble."
	"Doris, there's no excuse for a child making a mistake, let alone two adults."
	Everyone has to pay for what they did." Bright comforted Doris.
	"But..."
	"Are you afraid grandpa will know it?" Bright guessed Doris's mind. "Grandpa is old, but he knows the difference between right and wrong. You have nothing to worry about."
	"Dad, grandpa... He won't like me, will he?" Doris was really scared.
	"Why do you ask that?" Bright saw the loss in Doris's eyes. "Did they both say that?"
	"Because I am not father's real daughter, not the real child of the Lee family, my grandfather will not like me." Doris felt sad. "I didn't think it made any difference that I wasn't your real daughter, but now how I wish I was your real daughter, the daughter by blood... I don't want to be separated from dad. I love dad."
Chapter 253 Prevent Them from Leaving
	"Daddy loves you, too." Bright held Doris in his arms. "You are daddy's real daughter."
	"Daddy, you don't need to lie to me. I know I'm not." Doris's eyes were red. "Mom said my real father has become a star in the sky."
	"Mom said that because she was angry with dad." Bright released her and gently wiped her tears, "It's because daddy took five years to find you so that mommy was angry with daddy. If you're not my daughter, how come we have the same blood type? You have the same blood type with me, and that's why daddy can save you with my own blood."
	Doris thought what her father said was reasonable. She had the same blood type as her father.
	But she was afraid that this was just a dream, she still had to face the reality after the fancy.
	Doris blinked, unable to believe things would be so nice, "Daddy, you just said that you can't tell lies, even if it is a white lie."
	"Daddy's not lying. Daddy's telling the truth." Bright tried to convince her, "When did I ever lie to you?"
	Doris shook her head. "No."
	"So don't think about it anymore." Bright was 90 percent certain that Doris was his own daughter.
	If he checked the paternity test, he believed that it would be the good result he and Doris both wanted.
	Doris nodded obediently. Bright then said, "And this is a secret between you and me. Don't tell mom."
	Doris nodded at whatever Bright said.
	"Well, daddy has some business to run, and I will come to see you when I have time." Bright kissed Doris on the forehead and stood up.
	"Goodbye, dad. Be careful on the road." Doris waved at Bright.
	When Bright stepped out of Doris's room, his handsome, fatherly face was replaced by a cold look, with no kindness at all. His eyes were so grim that people who passed by him would automatically shy away.
	Bright took the elevator to the lobby, then took out his cell phone and called Lina, "Lina, are you at the hotel with Zoe?"
	"We... We're not in the hotel." Linda said, "What's wrong, Brother Bright?" Lina said.
	When Zoe, sitting beside Lina, heard that it was from Bright, she felt nervous immediately.
	"Where are you? Shouldn't I treat you a dinner? I'm free at noon, so I'll treat you to dinner." Bright said as he walked.
	"Brother Bright, Zoe has asked for a day off from school. She has to go back to school now. I have planned to stay in City H for a few more days, but Zoe accompanied with me to come here, so I can't let her go back alone." Lina beat around the bush before she finally got to the point.
	"We've got our tickets, and we're on our way to the airport, going back to City J. You can treat me when you get back to City J. I'll be waiting for you in City J."
	Lina wanted to take Zoe to the hospital to see how Doris was doing, but Zoe booked the plane tickets privately, so she had no choice and accompanied her to leave together.
	"Good." Bright ended the call with Lina.
	Zoe was so nervous that she couldn't even breathe, "Lina, why does my brother want to see you? It there anything wrong about Doris?"
	"No, he just asked me if I was free for lunch," Lina frowned, "Doris should have woken up, but Bright didn't say anything about you pushing Doris. Would Doris..."
	"No, she won't. If something happens to Doris, Bright won't sound so calm and has the mood to invite me to dinner. So, there's only one possibility that Doris didn't tell the truth, but why didn't she? It won't do her any good not telling the truth... I can't figure it out."
	Zoe was also thinking about this problem, "Lina, Doris was injured yesterday when she hit the coffee table on her forehead, and there was so much blood... Would she get her brain hurt...?"
	"Brain got hurt..." Lina repeated the words, her eyes suddenly brightening. "Would she have amnesia, so she couldn't remember what happened yesterday? That's why she didn't tell Bright the truth, so Bright didn't know about it."
	"That should be the case, otherwise why didn't Brother know it? If he knew it, he would be very angry." Zoe was most afraid of Bright getting angry, because he looked so terrible when he was furious.
	"I told you not to worry. You have booked the plane ticket, otherwise I will have a beautiful lunch with Brother Bright in a romantic French restaurant at noon." Lina felt pitiful. It was a dream she had been dreaming about for a long time.
	"When brother comes back to City J, you have much time getting together. You'll all have a better chance to get close to Bright with my dad here." Zoe took Lina's arm and comforted her, "We will soon arrive at the airport. Should I treat you to dinner first?"
	"That's the only way we can do now." Lina knew that it was impossible for her to go back again, because she had no better reason to stay, and staying here would only increase Bright's doubts.
	So, she could only miss the lunch with Bright, and waited for him in City J.
	As soon as he finished talking to Lina, Bright called Bill, "Take someone to the airport right now and find Lina and Zoe. Whatever you do, don't let them get on the plane and leave City H. And don't mention anything about Doris. Make sure you have a good reason to calm them down. I will be there soon, too."
	Bill accepted Bright's instructions and took actions immediately.
	Bright got in the car, drove away from the hospital and went to the airport.
	He had to get there before they left, or it would be difficult to deal with the matter when they were out of City H and back to City J.
	After all, both of their parents were in City J and their parents would be more or less protective of Lina and Zoe.
	With his eyes fixed on the road ahead and he focusing on the driving, Bright sped up and headed for the airport.
	Bright parked the car and hurried to the airport. When he arrived, Bill had already arrived first, and had found Lina and Zoe in the VIP lounge before boarding and had a chat with them.
	"Miss Kim, Miss Hill, President Lee knows that you are leaving City H, so he let me hasten to tell you that he wishes to see you off personally. President Lee is on his way. Just wait for him." Bill persuaded them to stay.
	If he couldn't stop them from getting on the plane, he couldn't get back to work.
	"Is Brother Bright really coming to see us off?" Lina smiled.
	Bright came to see her off in person when he was so busy, which proved that he had a place for her in the heart.
Chapter 254 The True Came to Light
	Lina thought that Bright still cared about her. She really wanted to stay for a few more days. Now that she heard the good news, she wanted to stay even more.
	Zoe reminded Lina, "Lina, the boarding announcement had reminded us to board several times. We need to go check in right now."
	However, Zoe, who had done something wrong to hurt Doris, was guilty, especially when she thought of meeting Bright soon, she was even more flustered.
	"Wait for a moment. Let me see my Brother Bright for a second. Besides, you still have to wait after we check in." Compared with Zoe's anxiety, Lina was not in a hurry at all.
	"Lina, come on. You'll see your brother every day when you go back to City J. It doesn't matter whether you can see him now. Besides, I don't know when Brother will arrive. What if we miss my flight?" Zoe urged Lina.
	"If you miss this one, there will be another." Lina curled her lips.
	"But isn't it a waste of money? That's a first-class flight, which would cost a lot more money than the other classes." Zoe felt it was such a waste of money.
	"Zoe, you are the lady of the Lee family, but why do you care about the money? It would be ridiculous," Lina held Zoe's hand and said, "you should do what suits your status. Zoe, don't act petty. This is not what the members of the Lee family should like."
	"Miss Hill, don't worry, if you miss this one, I'll book the next one for you. President Lee will pay for it." Bill said.
	"But it will waste brother's money..." Zoe didn't want to see Bright, at least not now.
	Bright walked up to them and said, "Thanks for saving me the money, Zoe."
	"Brother."
	"Brother Bright."
	When the two girls saw Bright, one looked scared, and the other was excited.
	Bright looked at them and said, "Lina, I promised to treat you to dinner. How could you leave without telling me in advance?"
	"I don't want to, but Zoe has to go to school." Lina's eyes were full of pity.
	"I have asked Zoe's head teacher for leave on her behalf." Bright already had everything ready, "so you don't have to rush back."
	"Brother, I'm afraid my mother will beat me if she knows I skip class." Zoe had to make an excuse that Hallie would hit her.
	"With me here, your mother won't beat you." Bright tempted them again, "And I have a gift for you."
	"Really? Lina was completely defenseless against Bright's kindness. She was a big fan of Bright.
	Originally, Zoe was also in love with her brother, but because she had done something bad, she felt guilty and shunned Bright.
	"Of course, come with me." Bright winked at Bill.
	Bill took Lina's luggage next to them and went ahead.
	Bright also made a gesture of invitation to them, and Lina happily took Zoe, who was still a little reluctant, and followed them, completely forgetting to go back to City J back.
	Bill had his car driven up to the departure lounge to pick them up.
	Bright's car was handed over to someone else to drive back.
	In this way, Bright took them to the best French restaurant in City H first and enjoyed a delicious lunch.
	Bright didn't eat much, but he watched Lina and Zoe to have lunch and served them.
	Lina thought it was wonderful, "Brother Bright, when are you going back to City J?"
	"I will be back soon." Bright had a sip of water.
	"We'll meet every day when you go back to City J."
	"Of course, I'm looking forward to it too."
	"Brother Bright, taste this steak," Lina said, smiling more pleasantly.
	She picked up a small piece of steak and brought it to Bright's mouth.
	"You have it. It is the taste you like." Bright graciously cut the steak in front of himself. "I have to finish mine."
	"Brother, don't you know what Lina is thinking? Lina has loved you since she was a little girl. She had been sad for a long time when she knew you were married." After drinking some red wine, Zoe gradually relaxed.
	"I'm married and she's my sister." Bright stressed that Lina was just his sister.
	"Brother, Lina doesn't want to be your sister." Zoe spoke up for Lina. "She has been waiting for you all these years. Don't you have any feeling?"
	"Zoe, stop." Lina took the wine from the table and finished it.
	"Come with me if you want to know." Bright dabbed at the corner of his lips with her napkin and stood up.
	Lina and Zoe followed Bright out of the French restaurant.
	After getting in the car, the driver drove into an upscale neighborhood, where they stopped at the back villa.
	Bright was in the front, Lina and Zoe followed. The villa was completely furnished and very beautiful.
	Lina admired the villa and stepped into the spacious and bright living room. "Brother Bright, what do you mean by bringing me here?"
	"I've made it very clear." Bright walked over to a single couch and sat down.
	"Brother, you don't want Lina to be your mistress, do you?" Zoe was shocked.
	Lina's face was pale, but she didn't say anything. She stared at Bright's handsome face, trying to hear what he said.
	Zoe continued, "Brother, how can you treat Lina like this? She is the daughter of the Kim family. There are so many excellent men who pursue Lina, but she only loves you."
	Bright crossed his legs gracefully, and smiled a cold smile, and then her eyes froze. "So you can be so cruel to my daughter?"
	That cold and arrogant attitude, that was the real Bright!
	"Brother Bright, what are you talking about? We don't understand!" Lina woke up to his strong, cold aura.
	All his gentle treatment up to this point was just a play. He wanted to numb them. It was all false!
	"Don't you understand?" Bright raised his eyebrows, "Paper can't extinguish fire after all. Once it's lit, it will only burn to ashes!"
	"Brother Bright, you have treated me. Thank you for your hospitality. Zoe and I should go now. See you in City J." Lina managed to keep her composure and not be overwhelmed by his strong aura.
	Lina took Zoe by the hand and led her away.
	But four men in black stood in their way, making it impossible for them to pass at all.
	"Brother Bright, you won't do this, right?"
	"Brother, what are you doing?"
	"How did Doris get hurt?" Bright's questioning tone came from behind them.
	At the same time, Zoe clenched Lina's hand lightly.
	"You told me Doris was hurt," Lina said slowly. "How would we know? Brother Bright, you are asking the wrong person."
Chapter 255 This Is Intentional Homicide
	Bright knew Lina would not say anything and would be calm.
	"Zoe, tell me how Doris got hurt!" He shifted his focus.
	After all, Zoe was a student and had not experienced a lot. She was not as calm as Lina, and the point was that she had been afraid of him since childhood.
	"I... I don't know. I don't know anything." Zoe denied it.
	She remembered what Lina had taught her. No matter what Bright asked, she just needed to say she didn't know because he had no evidence to prove it.
	"Brother Bright, I don't understand why you brought us here and treated us like criminals when Doris is hurt." Lina had to give up to leave. She turned to face Bright. "Or did Doris say something to you?"
	"You got into my office and had an argument with Doris, and Zoe pushed her over, and then Doris hit the coffee table! When you saw her in a coma, you didn't tell anyone, nor did you call 120. You just walked away!" Bright blamed them for their mistakes.
	"Doris is just a 5-year-old kid. Even if she was hostile to Lina, she is just not sensible. And you pushed her down and then left her behind. It is intentional homicide! As the child's father I have the right to sue you!"
	"If not for the sake of the friendship between the Kim family and the Lee family, not for the sake of us growing up together, I would not bring you here, but send you directly to the police station!"
	Lina was not convinced with Bright's serious accusation and was angry. She was not scared, but Zoe was weak in the legs. "Brother, I... I didn't kill her!"
	Lina helped Zoe sit on the sofa and whispered, "Don't listen to him. He doesn't have any evidence! Sit here and don't listen or say anything. Leave it to me."
	"Brother Bright," Lina said, approaching Bright, "although I know little about law, you should give out evidence when you charge us. Words don't constitute sound proof."
	"Lina, I'll have the proof." Bright was confident, "I'm giving you the opportunity to tell the truth. But if you don't want to tell me, that's fine. I have plenty of time. You can stay here for a while and tell them anything you need."
	Bright stood up, as tall and proud as a straight pine.
	He sorted out his suit jacket lightly and started to leave.
	"Brother Bright, are you going to keep Zoe and me under house arrest?" Lina looked pale and clenched her fists.
	"I just asked you to be a guest here. Don't think too much about it." Bright looked back at her frozen face. "Lina, have a good time."
	"Brother Bright, house arrest is also against the law." Lina reminded him.
	"Do you have any proof that you are under home arrest?" The smile in Bright's eyes was lukewarm, "and put your mobile phones and other communication devices on the table."
	"Brother Bright, these are personal belongings. You have no right to do that." Lina knew that Bright was serious, and she was afraid.
	"If you won't give them out, then I'll have to ask them to help." Bright swept at those several people in black and said, "Do you want them to force you?"
	"Brother Bright, we are not prisoners!" Lina was not willing to be obedient. If there was no mobile phone, how could she contact the outside world?
	She needed to tell her father and Mr. Francis about their situation as soon as possible. Now, only they could save her and Zoe.
	"Don't talk nonsense in front of me. There is nothing I can't do in my area if I want to." Bright's eyes were deep. "Lina, you'd better be good."
	"And what if I am not?"
	"Then don't blame me for being unkind." Bright chuckled, "They don't know how to be gentle to girls."
	Bright made a sign to the people in black. Two of them came forward and was about to make a body search.
	"My father won't let you go if you touch me." Lina began to retreat when she saw them coming close.
	But the men in black obviously did not listen to her, and continued to approach her step by step.
	Zoe first took out the phone and gave it to them with terror, "Here... Here you are."
	She urged Lina, "Lina, give them the phone. It's no use fighting against Brother."
	"Brother Bright, how will you tell my father and your father what you have done to me?" Lina had never been treated like this all her life.
	And the man who treated her like this was the one who cared about her and who she loved!
	She could not tolerate him being so callous to her. She felt that her heart was crushed by him, and it was very painful.
	"My girl almost... how do you explain to me for treating my daughter so coldly?" Bright's heart ached at the thought of little Doris lying in a pool of blood.
	He couldn't imagine that if he got back to the office a bit later, Doris's blood would stain the carpet and she would bleed to death.
	He could not forgive anyone who had tried to hurt Doris and get her killed even if the one was his once-beloved sister, for such a fault was like murder!
	"If you can't see your own faults, and can't accept Doris, how can you say that you are my sisters, and expect me to love you as I did? Think about it yourself."
	He didn't look at Lina or Zoe, but turned and strode away without a trace of affection.
	Lina watched Bright walking farther and farther away, deeply feeling that he was farther and farther away from her world, so far that she could no longer touch him and stay in his world.
	She was very unwilling to accept this. She instinctively ran to catch up with him, but the men in black stretched out to stop her, not giving her any chance.
	"Brother Bright, you can't do this to me and Zoe!" Lina looked at Bright as he disappeared in the doorway. What responded to her was the slamming of the door.
	"Miss Kim, please go back." The men in black reminded her.
	"Get out of here!" Lina vented her anger out on these people.
	But they acted like they weren't listening. Their job was to keep Lina and Zoe from leaving.
	"Lina, if brother has made up his mind about something, no one can change..." Zoe pulled Lina back into the sofa.
	The men in black, seeing them sitting quietly in the living room, disappeared as if they had never been there before.
	Lina was miserable, her eyes stinging and red with tears.
	"Lina, let's be honest..." Zoe wanted to compromise.
Chapter 256 She Had Lost Him Forever
	Zoe was very clear about Bright's temper, because she had lived with him in the Lee family and knew his temperament very well.
	He was indeed a heartless man, not just a rumor.
	Zoe remembered that when Bright first took office in HY Group, he was only 25 years old that year. He was very young, but also very courageous. He was also capable of running HY Group.
	However, some people always disagreed with him and thought that he was a member of the Lee family, and only with the protection of Francis could he get this position. But more importantly, Francis believed his son and knew that Bright was excellent enough to take up this important task.
	As soon as Bright took office, he began to make drastic reforms. Some of his relatives were either transferred or fired, which aroused the opposition of some veteran officials who united with senior managers to fight against Bright.
	Was Bright afraid? Surely not.
	If they wanted to have a strike, Bright would definitely help them--give their position to someone more capable and ambitious. He started hiring a lot of new employers, finding headhunters, and he personally persuaded the vital customers, who had been under the charge of the senior managers, to work with him.
	During that time, he even suffered from gastrorrhagia because he drank too much. It was hard, but at least it came to a good end.
	As for the top managers, Bright wielded both the carrot and stick. A large part of the managers turned back, while some were kicked out.
	By the end of the year, the considerable dividend payout Bright gave them and HY Group's growing earnings had left them speechless.
	Some regretful managers begged Bright in the Lee family. Some even knelt down to beg Bright because there was no other way out. But Bright still refused to be swayed, and even drove them out without considering his father's honor.
	Bright was someone who had big picture in mind, so he wasn't worry about the details.
	No one could change his rules. Under his leadership, HY Group had become more brilliant than ever, which proved Bright's excellent ability and business acumen.
	To some, he was a god, to others he was the Devil.
	"Lina..." Zoe shook her arm.
	"I can't control what you want to do, and I don't care, but it's none of my business. I didn't do anything to the kid." Lina didn't want to compromise, and it wasn't her who pushed Doris, so why should she admit to something that wasn't her fault and be charged with intentional homicide?
	"Lina, it's my fault, but you asked me to go and left Doris behind." Zoe felt sad when she had lost a reliable friend.
	"That's because you needed me to help you, and didn't you tell me what was what you wanted?" Lina asked Zoe.
	"Lina, you can't do this." Zoe almost cried, "I did what you told me..."
	"But it was you who wanted to confess. If you do that, it means you are suspicious of intentional murder. I didn't kill anyone. Why should I admit it? Zoe, I helped you but now you're getting me into trouble." Lina turned away, not wanting to face Zoe.
	After all, these things were a pain in the neck.
	"I didn't mean to kill anyone. It was an accident..." Zoe emphasized.
	"Zoe, you are a member of the Lee family. Mr. Francis and Miss Hallie will be protecting you. No matter how angry Brother Bright is, he has to listen to Mr. Francis, and he will not send you to the police station. What about me? I am nothing to him..." He only had the woman and her daughter in his mind.
	Lina waited for him all these years, but in the end, she got nothing.
	If she had known it, she would not have gone abroad for further study. Even if she didn't learn anything, the Kim family would be her most powerful supporter. Even if she did not work, the Kim family could also provide for her.
	Why couldn't she understand that being Mrs. Lee was the most important. It didn't matter whether she could match with him.
	She heard that the woman was just an unknown designer. Although her salary was not bad, it was a hard job. Moreover, the gap between her and Bright was a million miles away.
	If Rose could attract Bright's attention, then so could she if she hadn't gone abroad.
	Lina thought that Rose took advantage of her being absent so that she could win Bright's heart. How could she not feel resentful for losing Bright in this way?
	"Lina... Don't be sad." Zoe saw Lina so sad for the first time, and there was no light in her beautiful eyes. "My brother is temporarily fascinated by that woman, and he... he... When he wakes up to the reality, he will know how good you are, and that you are the one who loves him most."
	The sadness in Lina's eyes deepened. She looked sideways at Zoe, then turned around and hugged her gently, "Zoe, will this day really happen? I feel like I've lost him forever..."
	"When Dylan went after me, Bright protected me from being bullied, but now it is he who bullies me... Zoe, I'm not his favorite sister anymore..."
	Lina slowly closed her eyes, tears running out of her eyes and running down her face...
	Zoe took a piece of tissue and wiped her tears. "Lina, don't cry... It makes my heart ache."
	"I feel so bad..." Lina took the tissue from her hand and wiped her tears. "Now he's thought that I'm the one who harmed Doris. But never mind, if he comes next time, I'll just admit I did it. He doesn't care anyway."
	"One of us should be innocent. Since he doubted me, then I will just admit it. Zoe, you don't need to say anything. I will take it all."
	Lina gave a wry smile. "I just want you to be fine. You're a student, and you're his sister. He won't hurt you if I admit it."
	"Lina, what are you talking about? It has nothing to do with you." Zoe didn't want Lina to take the responsibility for her. "Lina, like what you have said, I have my father and mother to protect me, so my brother won't do anything to me. Besides, it's not your fault. You don't have to do this, or my brother will be even angrier with you, and then you will have no chance to fight with that woman."
	"I don't want you to do this for me. If you're guilty, you'll never get my brother's forgiveness, so let's be honest about it. My only wish is that you and my brother can be friends again. I don't like that woman at all. I don't want her to be my sister-in-law. I want you to be his wife." Zoe didn't want to call Rose sister-in-law at all.
	"I am the elder sister, listen to me." Lina stroked the Zoe's hair. "Don't force yourself."
	"No, let me protect you this time." Zoe acted bravely.
	"Zoe... You've grown up." The deep smile in Lina's eyes was invisible to Zoe.
	Zoe was so simple that she was fooled by Lina's pitiful words.
Chapter 257 Pay the Price
	Lina was more experienced and cunny than Zoe.
	She loved Bright so much. How could she leave the worst side in his heart? She couldn't let him think that she was a jesuitical and cruel woman who could ignore a child.
	Someone had to take the blame, and Zoe was the right person to do it.
	Besides, Zoe was the one who pushed Doris down, so there was nothing wrong with her standing up and admitting it. She only helped Zoe with the idea of leaving Doris instead of sending her to the doctor. She could dodge the blame, but it would more or less affect her impression in Bright's mind.
	After Doris fainted, Doris did not know that Lina asked Zoe to leave together and did not call the ambulance.
	And even if we did confront Doris, she would only point to Zoe and push her, not her.
	So, she didn't have a guilty conscience.
	Bright left Lina and Zoe in custody at the villa for five days. This was the limit for Lina, who had never been confined to a house for so many days.
	If she kept staying in this house, she would be driven crazy. She had asked Zoe to ask for Bright from the men in black before, but the answer she got was that he was busy and unavailable, and he would come to see them when he was free.
	Lina knew that Bright was holding them up to make her nervous, and that it would be better for him to negotiate when their anxiety was at a peak.
	She kept taking deep breaths, calming herself down, eating, sleeping, and exercising.
	Two more days passed, and it was already the seventh day. Zoe felt very desperate. She would be more impetuous if she had not experienced these things when she was young.
	"Lina, it's been a week, and Brother hasn't come. Is he going to keep us here forever?" Zoe looked at Lina, who was doing simple exercises, and was very upset.
	"Well, don't think about him. If he doesn't come, then don't come here. We have drinks, food and servants to serve for us. We just can't get out of this house, and can't communicate with the outside world. We should keep our good mood." Lina was doing exercises.
	"I don't want to be locked up here. I want to go home. I want to go back to school..." Zoe was so upset that she couldn't feel relaxed.
	She took a few steps toward the curved door of the living room. "Go tell my brother that I want to talk to him."
	As soon as Zoe finishes her words, she heard the door was opening in the hallway and saw a handsome man walk in.
	"So, you finally have something to say?" Bright was dressed in casual clothes today. He looked more handsome and charming when he took off his suit and shoes.
	He didn't come alone, but with Doris. After a week's recuperation, the wound on Doris's forehead was much better. The wound had already formed a scab, but she needed a band-aid to cover the wound.
	"Brother... brother." When Zoe saw Bright, she was afraid.
	Bright took a few steps closer and she stepped back.
	Bright carried Doris over her into the living room and sat down.
	Lina got up from her yoga mat, picked up the towel and wiped the sweat off her face and neck.
	She ignored Bright and turned to go upstairs.
	Zoe was sitting alone on the sofa and feeling stressed in front of Bright, her fingers clasped together.
	"Didn't you want to tell me something? Go ahead." Bright looked at Zoe who lowered her eyes. "Maybe I'll ask Doris to explain what happened."
	"Brother... I did it, but I didn't mean to, I was careless." Zoe could not resist the pressure anymore and said, "She came up to drag me. I didn't want her to touch me, so I pushed her away. I really didn't mean it. You have to believe that."
	"And... And I shouldn't have lied to you, but I was too scared to tell the truth because I was afraid you would hit me. I'm sorry."
	"It's not me who you should apologize." Bright's hands rested on Doris's thin shoulders.
	Zoe glanced at Doris and felt embarrassed to apologize to a child. Besides, Doris was younger than her. She wasn't willing to lower her dignity."
	"How? You don't want to?" Bright curled his thin lips and his voice was cold. "Indeed, apology is too light for you!"
	Bright's tone was not too strong, but it was very powerful. His words were like nails, which made Zoe tremble.
	"Zoe, don't you realize how serious you've caused? Even if you didn't mean to do it, you did push Doris to the coffee table, and she passed out and bled so much, didn't you see it? Why didn't you call ambulance, but ran away? Even if you didn't call ambulance, you can come and tell me!"
	"I might have been angry, but never as angry and desperate as I am now! You don't give a damn about a person's life! You just made such a hasty and cold-blooded decision for your selfish gain! You let me down, Zoe!"
	"Though you are a hot-tempered girl, you have never been so cold-blooded! What you have done this time really made me disappointed! So I can't forgive you! You must be punished for what you have done!"
	"No, brother, I really realize that I was wrong. Don't do that to me." Zoe was scared by Bright, and she was distraught.
	"Otherwise, you'll never grow up to know why you are wrong." Bright was more painful, "Are you going to the police station by yourself or shall I take you there?"
	"Brother, please, don't send me to the police station." Zoe knelt in front of Bright, tears uncontrollably rolling down her face, "Brother, I didn't mean to do it. Can't you forgive me for once?"
	Bright did not speak. Zoe saw that he was indifferent and then looked at Doris beside him.
	This was her last hope. She was so anxious that she grabbed Doris's hand and said, "Doris, I'm sorry. It's my fault. I shouldn't have pushed you. Can you forgive me this time? Will you beg your father for me?"
	Doris looked at Zoe, who was crying hard, and looked at Bright again. She was about to say something, but Bright said, "This is between adults. Doris, sit there quietly."
	"Send Miss Hill away." At Bright's command, the men in black appeared.
	Zoe felt a sense of despair, "Brother, do you have to do so?"
	"Does this concern only you?" Bright asked her.
	Zoe pressed her lips together. "It was me who pushed Doris..."
Chapter 258 Her Rival in Love
	At this moment, the sound of high-heeled shoes came from the stair. Lina walked down slowly, holding the handrail of the stair, with elegant demeanor and outstanding disposition.
	She had taken a bath, changed into a dress, the design of the dress perfectly showed her sexy and hot figure. Her long hair fell in front of her shoulder, making her look flirtatious.
	"Brother Bright, Zoe is still a student. If you send her to prison, her future will be ruined. Would you really want to do that?" She stepped to the sofa in the living room and reached out to help Zoe who knelt on the ground.
	However, Zoe did not dare to get up. Without Bright's forgiveness and approval, she really did not dare. If her brother said that he would send her to the police station, then he would.
	She didn't want to go there. She didn't want to be locked up.
	The confinement in this room for a week had driven her mad, and she had never longed so much for freedom, for the fresh air outside.
	When Lina saw that Zoe did not get up, she had no choice but to loosen her grip and stand up straight.
	She looked down at Bright sitting on the sofa. Even though he was shorter than her when she was sitting, she felt that he had a strong aura, which made her feel stressful, though she was standing.
	She took a deep breath and kept reminding herself to be calm and not to panic, otherwise she would be in a mess. "Brother Bright, look how scared Zoe is. Please ask her to stand up."
	"When did I frighten her?" Bright tilted his head back slightly and looked at Lina's calm face.
	Lina had no choice but to look at Doris, bent slightly, and smiled to her, "Doris, she is your aunt. You are a family. Do you want your family to have quarrels with each other? Comfort your dad not to be angry."
	Doris looked at Bright and tugged at his sleeve. "Daddy, don't be angry about me."
	"I'm not angry." Bright reached out and touched her head.
	"Doris, can you forgive your aunt? She really didn't mean that. Auntie knows you're the kindest. Your aunt has admitted she was wrong. It is not too late to know the mistake, isn't it?" Lina kept talking to Doris, hoping that Doris could forgive Zoe, which could leave Bright having no objection.
	"Kindness is given to those who are also kind." Bright defended his daughter, saying, "She doesn't need to forgive someone who could have saved her but didn't!"
	There was a knock on the door and the men in black saw the person on the videophone. "Mr. Lee, it's Mrs. Lee." he said.
	"Why is she here?" Bright didn't tell Rose he was here.
	When he took Doris away, he found the perfect reason to convince Rose, and the point was, how did she find here?
	"Bright, I know you're in there. Open the door!" Rose's voice came from outside the door, accompanied by a knock.
	Listening to the sound, and looking at the door, Lina had already wondered what Mrs. Lee was like!
	How could she dare yell at Bright, and Bright didn't seem to care at all?
	"Let her in." Since she could follow him, Bright had to let her in.
	The men in black opened the door and Rose entered.
	Rose wore a simple white T-shirt, a denim skirt, and a pair of white sneakers. With her bouffant hair curled up into a bun, she looked very young and beautiful.
	She was simple, elegant, and pure. In a word, Rose gave people a very clean and comfortable feeling.
	And she could easily attract the attention of others.
	This was the first time Lina met Rose. Although Rose was not as charming and flirtatious as herself, she was as simple and natural as a fair lady.
	She couldn't help but admit that Rose was really special. No wonder Bright was attracted by her.
	Lina was unwilling to submit, so she looked at Rose with a hint of hostility in her eyes.
	And Rose, of course, could feel the hostility. She knew that it must be someone who loved Mr. Lee, and she loved him passionately.
	"Mom." Doris had run to Rose's slender legs, and hugged her.
	Rose squatted down carefully, "You just recovered from the injury. Be careful and do not to run."
	Doris really forgot the pain when her wound was cured. She stuck her tongue out in embarrassment.
	Rose pinched her little cheek, then stood up and took her hand.
	Bright walked over and said, "Go sit down."
	He did not ask why Rose had come. After all, there were other people present and he did not want to argue with her.
	Rose looked at Lina, and then said in a soft and sweet tone, "Darling, don't you want to introduce this beautiful lady?"
	She knew Zoe, but Lina was a stranger to her. She was curious what her relationship with Bright and Zoe was.
	Bright put his hand on Rose's shoulder and pulled her closer to him, "Honey, her name is Lina Kim. As I told you, the Lee family and the Kim family have been friends for generations. I have always regarded her as a sister like Zoe since we were kids."
	This apparently reassured her by explaining that he and Lina were just like brother and sister.
	"Lina, this is my wife Rose. If you call me brother, you can call her sister-in-law."
	"Nice to meet you, Miss Kim." Rose greeted her with a smile.
	"Nice to meet you, Ms. Rose." Lina couldn't call her sister-in-law. She didn't even want to call Mrs. Lee.
	Lina then picked Zoe up again, and this time Zoe got up and sat down on the sofa.
	She put up her hand and wiped away tears on her face so Rose wouldn't see it.
	"What's wrong with Zoe? Who bullied you?" Rose asked.
	"No... It's all right." Zoe rarely replied Rose.
	Rose looked at Bright and put her hand on his arm to declare her ownership of Bright. "Honey, you are Zoe's brother. How could you not care about it?"
	"I am the one who bullied her." Bright said.
	"What do you mean?" Rose's eyes flashed with shock.
	"Zoe, tell it yourself." Bright took Rose's hand and took her to the sofa and sat down.
	Zoe had no choice but to confess, "Rose, I'm... I'm sorry. It's my fault. It's my fault that Doris got hurt..."
	Zoe told Rose the whole story again. Rose's face grew more and more sulky as she listened to the story. Her heart ached and she pressed her lips crying when hearing Zoe's explanation.
	"Sister-in-law, please don't let my brother send me to the police station, please. I know I was wrong..." She begged Rose again and again.
	She knew that Bright cared about Rose and that what she said would carry more weight.
Chapter 259 The Proof Is What She Just Said
	But Rose frowned, with pain in her eyes, "I am not a goddess who can be kind to you even after you hurt my daughter so much. I am just a mother who loves her child, and what you did is not a small mistake. You do not take human life seriously! If you do something wrong, you should pay for your own mistake. No one can help you!"
	"You should pay the price for it." Bright added.
	When Zoe saw that they both refused her, and not gave her any chance for regrets, she felt that they were too cold-blooded and heartless!
	"Brother Bright, Miss Rose, Zoe panicked when she saw Doris hurt. The first thing she did was to leave. That is human instinct! She did not mean to do it. Why must she be criticized like this! Is she really so wicked?" Lina tried to help Zoe, "Miss Rose, be lenient with others!"
	"So, what Miss Kim meant is that I am being unreasonable?" Rose frowned. "You haven't been a mother. You don't know what a mother feels like! It's the first time I've ever seen a person who takes mistake for granted!"
	"That's the end of the matter." Bright didn't want to delay any longer. "Take her away."
	"Well, if you really want to send Zoe to the police station, you have to receive my approval. I won't agree, anyway!" Lina stood in front of Zoe; her arms outstretched behind her. "Just come at me."
	The men in black approached Lina, and she retreated a little until she was cornered, "If you dare to be presumptuous, I will sue you for sexually harassing me!"
	This was the only way she could think of was to protect Zoe. When Zoe did not report her, she would try her best to protect Zoe, even if it was just for show.
	Zoe was very moved when she saw Lina so protective of her, and at the same time, her resentment against Rose increased.
	"Lina..."
	"Don't be afraid. Don't cry. I will be with you." Lina encouraged her. "It's no use crying. They have made up their mind."
	The men in black came forward and deftly grabbed Lina's wrist and pulled her away from Zoe and controlled her. She tried to struggle but it didn't work.
	"Let go of me! Did you hear me?" Lina commanded the men in black and felt embarrassed to be touched by them, especially in front of Rose.
	The first time to meet with her rival in love, she did not keep the weather, but looked embarrassed.
	The men in black would not listen to her commands, and had her firmly in their grip.
	On the other side, the men in black had already picked Zoe up from the sofa and were about to take her out.
	"Lina! Help me! I don't want to go to the police station!" Zoe was terrified.
	Lina looked at Zoe being taken away, but she could do nothing. She gritted her teeth and said, "Brother Bright, since you don't let Zoe go, please send me away with her! I can't help Zoe, so I might as well stay with her."
	"The room is dark and cold in the detention house, and she is alone. Zoe is just in her early twenties... She'll be afraid of it. All I want is to be with her."
	"Does Doris's injury have anything to do with you? I'll send you there without your asking." Bright stared at Lina.
	Lina was stunned. She was really afraid that Bright would suspect her, so she had to change the subject, "Brother Bright, you have no evidence, why do you send Zoe to the police station? Are you going to take what a five-year-old child has said as proof?"
	"Zoe has admitted everything herself. Didn't you hear that?" Bright asked her.
	"What if she does? There's no witness to prove it!" Lina looked at Zoe. "Zoe, when you get to the police station, don't say anything and don't admit anything until the lawyer comes! They won't do anything!"
	Right. They didn't have proof. There was still hope for Zoe.
	"Proof? Bright pulled out a black voice recorder from the inside of his casual jacket. "Everything Zoe just said is in here. Why didn't I come here until seven days later? Do you think I'd come here unprepared?"
	Lina looked shocked. She couldn't believe it.
	How could she have forgotten that? Bright was very thoughtful and careful.
	All of a sudden, she was like a peacock losing its advantage, and her pride was gone.
	They lost out to their own thoughtlessness.
	She could only watch as Zoe was taken away.
	Bright made a gesture to the men in black to ask them to let go of Lina. She lost her support and slowly sat down on the sofa. She still wanted to keep her last bit of grace in this most awkward moment.
	Bright walked over and cast a shadow on her face. "Lina, I know Zoe's character. I hope you have nothing to do with it, or I won't give you any chance."
	This was a warning.
	Lina looked into his deep and felt as if she would drown in it.
	"Let's go." Bright said to Rose and Doris.
	Lina sat there, watching Bright and Rose walk away with Doris, hand in hand with each other. The back of the three of them looked so sweet.
	Bright was not cold and heartless with Rose and Doris. Instead, he was gentle and affectionate as a husband and a father.
	And those men in black clothes also left. The whole villa was empty, and there was no liveliness or bustle here, which was as cold as if it was an ice cellar.
	Lina's vision began to blur, and then her tears flowed down her face like broken beads.
	She bit her lips to stop herself from crying...
	Why? Why? Why?
	She kept asking herself why would it became like this? What was the good of Rose? Why could she get tenderness and love from Bright, but she was treated indifferently and even hurt by him mercilessly.
	She was not going to give up. Things became like this was because of that woman and that kid!
	It took Lina a while to collect herself.
	The first thing she did was pick up the phone they had given her when they left.
	She called Francis immediately. When he answered the phone, she suppressed her tears and said, "Mr. Francis, there is something I have to tell you."
	And then she burst out crying.
	Francis asked, "Dear Lina, don't you cry. What's going on? I will help you! Who dares to bully our little princess?"
	"Mr. Francis, listen to me. Here's the thing..." Lina briefed the story and emphasized, "It was Rose who insisted on making Zoe pay for the price, and now Zoe's in the police station... Mr. Francis, you must save Zoe... I don't want anything to happen to Zoe."
Chapter 260 It Was Like Hurting Each Other
	Francis was shocked when he heard the news. He had not expected such a result.
	Holding back his anger, he asked, "What about Bright? What's his attitude?"
	Francis wondered how his son would react.
	"Mr. Francis, To put it mildly, Brother Bright respected Rose. To put it bluntly, he does everything she wants him to do." Lina was very crafty. She knew how to discomfort Mr. Francis.
	Francis did not speak, but he sighed.
	She twitched her lips a little triumphantly when she heard him sigh, and she knew she had hit the point.
	"Mr. Francis, Zoe is Ms. Hallie's daughter. The relationship between Brother Bright and Ms. Hallie has been lukewarm for so many years. I have persuaded Brother Bright to forgive Zoe's carelessness for sake of their relationship, but Brother Bright and Rose have made up their minds... I don't know what to do, so I have to call you for advice..."
	Lina pretended to try her best, "Mr. Francis, I am incompetent. I can't persuade Brother Bright, and I can't help Zoe. They are brother and sister, and they are hurting each other by doing this. It will make Ms. Hallie sad if she knows this and the outsiders will laugh at them... Mr. Francis, what shall I do?"
	"It's not your fault. You did your best. It was Bright... Where are you now?" Francis changed the subject in the middle of his words.
	"In City H." Lina stopped crying.
	"Wait there, I'll call you later." Francis hung up the phone.
	Lina held the phone and hooked her lips. She didn't believe that no one could handle Rose.
	Rose dared to do this to Zoe, she would see how the Lee family would deal with Rose.
	Francis also felt upset. He didn't know what Bright would do.
	After some hesitation, he called Bright. After more than ten seconds, Bright answered the phone, "Dad, what's wrong?"
	"You brat, can't I call you for nothing?" Francis shouted.
	"Dad, if you're coming to me about Zoe, there's nothing to talk about." How could Bright not know the reason for Francis's call?
	No sooner had he released Lina than his father, who had called him only twice during his time at City H, called him.
	And he called him right after Zoe's accident.
	"Watch your attitude." Francis was somewhat displeased by what he had said.
	"Dad, you know your son. There are some things that cannot be spared." Bright interrupted Francis, denying him the chance to talk about Zoe. "I'm driving, and that's it."
	"Hey... Bright..." Francis was so angry that he threw the phone away.
	He hadn't said anything before his son hang up the phone. Couldn't his son leave him some face?
	Hallie brought her freshly-made tea. "What's wrong with you? Why frown? Is there anything wrong?"
	She put the tea away and sat down. "The doctor advised you to relax and don't think too much."
	"Hallie, I have to go to City H." Francis thought about it and decided that it was the only way.
	He must go to City H to have a face-to-face talk with his son about Zoe, otherwise no one could help Zoe.
	"Why go to City H? You miss Bright?" Hallie laughed at him.
	"I indeed go get him." Francis looked at Hallie, not wanting to tell her what happened right now, so as not to worry her, "Book a ticket to City H for me. No, take a private jet."
	Although the Lee family had a private plane, they usually chose to take a passenger plane, except for special circumstances.
	"It's afternoon now. Why don't you go tomorrow morning?" Hallie thought it was not in a hurry.
	"Go get the ticket." Francis motioned to her.
	Hallie had to get ready, and then she came down the stairs with a small luggage and some clothes.
	"I'll go with you, or I will be worried." Hallie just said she wanted to go with him.
	Although she didn't understand why Francis had chosen to go to City H at such a time, and in such a hurry, she believed it must be something important. There were always some disputes between the father and the son, and her accompany would appease Francis.
	"Save the troubles. You'd better stay at home." Francis wanted to solve Zoe's problem by himself and then come back to tell her.
	"I cannot obey you this time, Francis. I can only be at ease with you." Hallie insisted on going with him.
	Francis could only nod and drive with her to the airport where the private jet was parked. It was not far, but it was a 20-minute drive.
	Once they arrived at the airport, everything was ready, and they would fly to City H in ten minutes.
	At City H, after getting off the plane, Francis told Hallie about Zoe on the way. After all, she would know it when she saw Lina and Bright later.
	So, it'd be better for her to know the story from him, not from others.
	Hallie said nothing but squeezed Francis's hand, while Francis reached over her shoulder and asked her to lean against him.
	"Don't worry, I'll take care of it. Zoe won't be wronged." Francis held her shoulder.
	Hallie nodded in his arms. "But don't get biased if Zoe has done that. I hope she can take the blame for what she did, instead of our fixing it for her, which is not good for her."
	"I see." Francis comforted her, "I don't think Zoe would do such a thing. There must be some misunderstanding."
	"I hope it's just a misunderstanding." Hallie hoped so.
	They picked up Lina and went to Asgard Lake Community to look for Bright.
	When Bright saw her father, he twirled his thin lips and said, "I didn't expect you to come so soon."
	Francis snorted coldly, not giving him a good look.
	"Well, dad, I can't welcome you to come to my home with you looking like this." Bright stood in front of the door, without any intention to let Francis in.
	"It's the same talking about it at the door." Francis didn't force Bright to make way.
	"Bright, your father is old and in poor health. He has taken two hours to fly here and is very tired. Do you bear to let him stand by the door?" Hallie twisted her eyebrows.
	"I'm not the one who made him fly here for two hours." Bright's cold eyes scanned Lina behind them.
	"Brother Bright, Zoe is the daughter of Mr. Francis and Ms. Hallie, and they have the right to know about it." Lina ventured.
Chapter 261 I Am Helping My Own Daughter
	Bright just curled his lips slightly. It was a smile of sarcasm.
	He saw Lina's mind. He knew that she could not control him, so she had to ask his father to control him. After all, Francis was his own father. With his father and his stepmother here, he would more or less make some concession.
	However, Lina forgot that he was Bright and he would do what he wanted. Even though his father and stepmother were present, no one could force him to do anything he did not want to.
	"That was very thoughtful of Lina. I have to thank you." Bright looked at her and smiled, but that smile made Lina feel creepy.
	Lina stood there in embarrassment and didn't know where to put her hands. She knew she must have annoyed Bright with her big mouth.
	But she had to do it for Zoe. Zoe didn't betray her, so she couldn't give her up and let her be detained.
	Even if it would make Bright dislike her way of doing things, she had no choice.
	It was better than he knew it was her who took Zoe away and left Doris behind.
	"Brother Bright, I... that's what I should do." Lina bit her lips, knowing her excuse was unjustified.
	"Darling, who is here?" Rose came over and saw Mr. Francis and Ms. Hallie and Lina standing at the door.
	To her surprise, Francis and Hallie showed up in front of her house at this moment. It seemed that Lina must have something to do with it.
	Francis and Hallie looked at Rose too, each with mixed feelings.
	Rose offered, "Dad, Ms. Hallie, come in."
	"Do you think he wants us to come in?" Francis glanced at Bright, who still didn't move away.
	Smiling, Rose reached out and pulled Bright away, making way for him. "Dad, don't bother with Bright. He's just being childish."
	"What do you mean?" Bright asked with displeasure.
	Rose ignored him and let Francis and Hallie go in first, with Lina following Francis and Hallie.
	Rose followed and Bright chased after her, "Tell me, what do you mean?"
	"I mean, you are handsome and easy to attract women's attention." Rose comforted him and satisfied Bright's pride.
	He smiled happily. "Did you like that?"
	"Sure." Rose felt that he was like a child of three and could only be coaxed patiently.
	Lina, who was not far away from them, heard their conversation, especially Bright's gentle voice. She felt as if she had been choked by the affection.
	Francis entered the living room with Hallie and Lina. Rose made tea for them, respectfully and attentively.
	"Dad, Ms. Hallie, have you eaten yet?" Rose asked carefully.
	They had just had dinner, and Rose didn't think they had had if they caught the flight.
	"I've had some food on the plane, so I'm not hungry now." Hallie answered.
	"Oh. That won't work. I'll cook you some dishes." Rose got up and started to get busy.
	"You needn't do anything. Sit down." Francis said.
	"It's your first time you have come here. We have to treat you well." Rose didn't think it was appropriate.
	Bright took her by the hand. "There's everything on a private jet, so don't worry about it."
	Rose turned to look at Bright... Private jet.
	Forgive that poverty had limited her imagination. She never thought they flied here by a private jet. If so, they must be treated well.
	After a hundred years of accumulation and expansion, the Lee family was fabulously wealthy, and it was natural that they owned a private jet. It was just that she was a little too fussy.
	Rose sat down on the sofa again, while Lina had a twinkle of sarcasm in her eyes, thinking that Rose was such a clodhopper. She didn't even know this. There was a big gap between her and Bright, so she couldn't join their circle at all.
	She really didn't know why Bright was attracted to her, except that she was clean and outstanding.
	"Today we're here to see you about Zoe." Francis got straight to the point. "I've heard all about it from Lina. As the parent of the Lee family, I hope that the family can live in peace and in harmony."
	"It is true that Zoe made a mistake in this matter, but she didn't mean it. For the sake of Ms. Hallie and me, I hope she can be let go this time. And she'll learn something from it and she won't do it again."
	"Dad, this matter is not as easy as you think. It is human life!" Bright disagreed.
	"I wasn't asking you. I was asking Rose." Francis looked at Rose, hoping she would say something.
	"Dad, you can't force her." Bright defended his wife. "I have the final say on this matter."
	"Bright, Zoe is your sister, the daughter of Ms. Hallie, and my daughter. You can't do this to her. Do you ever think what people may say when the news spreads? Is it proper to say that Bright is heartless, suppressing his stepmother's daughter?" Francis frowned.
	"I've had a lot of dirty water splashed on me. And I never care what others say." Bright didn't want Rose to be wronged. He would rather bear anything.
	"You don't care? What about the century-old reputation of the Lee Family? And you don't care either?" Francis was disappointed at Bright's disregard of the Lee family.
	"What I care about is that my daughter has been hurt, and as a father I have to bring fair back for her." Bright's words were so powerful and rational that there was no way to refute him.
	Rose looked at his profile, with a gentle and admiring look in her eyes. The man could always give her a strong sense of confidence and security.
	She was never wronged when he was here, nor was her daughter.
	"As a father, I also want to ask for the best leniency for my daughter." Francis and Bright were at war again, and the atmosphere got tensed.
	Hallie was afraid that they might fall out of harmony, so she said, "Honey, don't make it hard for Bright and Rose. Let Zoe suffer for her mistakes."
	"No." Francis insisted.
	"I don't think so, either." Bright agreed with Francis. "I wouldn't let my daughter suffer this."
	"Is she your daughter?" Francis asked him, "I'm happy that you and Rose are married, and I don't force you to be with Lina, but that doesn't mean I'm fine with you cheating me. That little girl is not your daughter at all!"
	"Zoe is just your stepdaughter." Bright didn't care about Hallie, "You are just helping Ms. Hallie's daughter!"
	"Then you're helping Rose daughter."
	"No, Dad, I'm not like you. I am helping my own daughter."
Chapter 262 The Identification Proved They Were Father and Daughter
	Bright's voice was firm and his eyes were calm, with an unquestioning strong aura.
	"Brother Bright, don't blame me for interrupting, but I heard with my own ears that Doris admitted that she is not your own daughter! Children don't lie, so why do you insist on... telling lies?" Lina couldn't help interrupting, "It's a lie that everyone knows. You can't cover it up."
	Francis looked at his son with burning eyes. "I think you are enchanted! You can't even distinguish between truth and illusion. What drug has she given you to make you lose your mind!"
	Francis looked at Rose and found that it wasn't that he did not accept her, nor did he dislike her, but she even asked Bright to lie and admit that the child she had with someone else was the child of the Lee family!
	What he could not accept was lying and cheating. The Lee family had been generous enough to accept Rose, and they could understand and accept her child as long as she told the truth, so Francis was very disappointed at Rose.
	"Rose, you have married into the Lee family. You know exactly what Ms. Hallie and I think about you. You are also a mother. I understand you care about your daughter, but Zoe is our daughter. We also care about her." In spite of his dissatisfaction, Francis was kind to Rose.
	"As the daughter-in-law of the Lee family, you should always think about the family. We are family, not enemies. There is no need to fight each other. We both make concession, shall we?"
	"Zoe deserves to be punished for what she did, but we can change the punishment instead of sending her to the police station to be detained and prosecuted. I will cut off her monthly large amount of pocket money, and only give her basic living expenses. We would also let her to do volunteer jobs, so as to make up for the wrong doing. Is that okay?"
	Hallie agreed, "Rose, I'm going to monitor Zoe and educate her so she doesn't make that mistake again."
	"Dad, Ms. Hallie, I'll do whatever you want." Rose made concession because she didn't want Bright to argue with his father. She didn't want to be the reason for their quarrel.
	"That's settled, then." Francis said.
	"Dad, are you really going to make that decision? Are you really indifferent to your granddaughter's grievances?" Bright asked his father again.
	"Why do you want when Rose has agreed to it? It's the best way, isn't it?" Francis rebuked him. "I don't want to talk about the child, and I don't want to care about it."
	Now that Rose had taken a step back and let Zoe go, he would accept Doris.
	"Dad, I care about it, and I want you to know that you're wrong, very wrong." Bright emphasized it again and again.
	"Bright, thank you for thinking about Doris and me, but dad is right. We are a family. We should live in harmony." Rose was in a dilemma. She only hoped that Bright could understand her choice.
	Bright held her hand in his. "Even if you concede, there is something I want them to know."
	Rose did not understand what he meant. Bright got up and said, "Wait for a second, I'll get something and then come down."
	And then he released Rose's hand and went upstairs.
	Francis, Hallie, Lina, and Rose sat quietly in the living room, waiting.
	A moment later, Bright came downstairs with a cowhide file in his hand.
	"Dad, here's the truth you want to know. I think that's more powerful than just words." Bright pushed the brown paper bag to the coffee table in front of his father.
	Francis reached for the paper bag, glanced at him, and then slowly opened it and took out the documents.
	At the top of the paper, the titles of paternity test reports caught Francis's eyes, including Hallie's.
	Francis scanned it, turned the page and saw the identification results at the bottom that said the DNA similarity was 99.9 percent, confirming that they were father and daughter.
	Francis held the paper more strongly. He looked up at Bright and said, "Really?"
	He was afraid that it was a fake report made by Bright to deceive him and make him feel at ease.
	"It's not easy for identification institute to fake a report. I took Doris with me to the identification center to collect the specimens. You can go to the identification center to check the CCTV, and the medical staff can testify that it. I don't need to lie to you about that sort of thing, because I want to know more about it than you do." Bright was leaning back on the sofa; his eyes were deep. There were so many things hidden in them that people couldn't see him through.
	Rose also heard what Bright meant. He had taken Doris secretly to take a paternity test, which proved that Doris and he were the father and daughter. Did he guess what happened five years ago?
	Her heart beat fast, and her hands were wrung together in a disorderly way.
	Bright glanced at Rose, whose face was gloomy, and he knew she had known about it too by her flustered appearance.
	But now was not the time to settle things between them, but his father and Ms. Hallie.
	"Dad, so Doris is my own daughter, your own granddaughter. Is it appropriate for you to do this to your own granddaughter when you're standing up for your stepdaughter?" Bright's mellow, low tone was full of irony.
	Lina was surprised and worried. "It... Doris herself said she wasn't your real daughter... How is that possible? She is a child but she told a lie!"
	"What does a child know? You believe everything she said? Lina, you seem to be stupid." Bright looked at Lina, whose face was pale, and said, "I suggest you go abroad for study again."
	Lina gritted her teeth and hated Doris.
	Francis's fingers trembled as he held the document. He could not say anything for a moment.
	Hallie was a little worried. "Bright, you can't blame your dad, can you? Your father doesn't know that Doris is your own daughter. It is my fault. I asked your father to advise you to let Zoe go... It is me who should be to blame."
	"I'll make it up to her later." Francis put the report on the coffee table.
	"No, she is my own daughter. I'll take good care of her." Bright refused his father's offer.
	"Is she at home? Can I see her?" Francis had never met his own granddaughter.
	Today, he wanted to meet the Lee family's child, to see who was she like more.
	"No." Bright said coolly, "Now that Zoe's matter has settled, I won't keep you here either."
Chapter 263 To Meet the Little Princess of the Lee Family
	Bright was driving her father out.
	Bright's cold attitude made Francis embarrassed. Although he was angry, he was also responsible for the incident and didn't treat them equally. That was why it happened like this.
	He could blame none but himself.
	"Bright, your father will be upset if you talk like that." Hallie spoke up for Francis. "Doris is the Lee family's child, and your dad just wanted to see the girl... Your brother hasn't woken up for so many years. The Lee family depends on you and will depend on Doris in the future."
	"Ms. Hallie, don't pretend to be nice. If your daughter has not been cruel, how could this have happened? I've had to make concession and let my daughter suffer. Do you want everything to go as you want?" Bright smiled sarcastically, as if to laugh at their greed and shameless mind.
	"Bright, you can't talk to Ms. Hallie like that!" Francis scolded him, "Zoe's mistake has nothing to do with Ms. Hallie, and you can't vent your anger on her. She is my wife and the mistress of the Lee family. Please respect her!"
	"If you want me to respect her, don't come into my house." Bright took the report and slowly put it back in the file. "See them off, darling."
	Bright was so disappointed by his father that he didn't show any respect for his father.
	Francis was protecting that woman's daughter, so what about his daughter?
	He didn't like Hallie anyway. No matter how well she had done over the years, he had never accepted her.
	"Well, we'll go first." Francis was the first to stand up, not wanting to give Rose a hard time.
	Rose rose to her feet, too. "Dad, just wait a moment. I'll call Doris down..."
	Just as she finished, there was a soft, sweet voice, "Mom, are you calling me?"
	The sound drew the attention of all four except Lina.
	Francis saw a little girl more than one meter tall, holding on to the banister, walking slowly down the stairs.
	She had thick bangs up to her eyebrows, wearing two pigtails, and a set of panda home clothes. Her round eyes looked curiously at people she didn't know, and her clever look made people love her at the first sight.
	Rose waved at her. "Doris, come here."
	"Doris, go upstairs." Bright said oppositely with Rose.
	Doris stood where she was, not sure whether she was going upward or downward. "Daddy, Mommy, what's wrong with you? Did you have a fight?"
	"No."
	Doris didn't go up. She ran to Bright, who was sitting on the sofa. "Daddy, what's the matter with you? Who has upset you?"
	Doris looked across the people, but lingered on Lina's face for a few seconds longer.
	Bright picked Doris up and put her on his lap. "Nobody."
	He did not want to argue with his father in front of his child. It would leave a bad impression on Doris and she would not like such a family atmosphere.
	"Daddy, who are they? Guests?" Doris had noticed the strangers Francis and Hallie.
	Rose reached out her hand to pick up Doris and introduced to her, "Doris, let me introduce them to you. This is your father's father and aunt. That is, they are your grandfather and grandmother."
	"Grandfather and grandmother?" Doris focused on Hallie this time. "Mom," she said, "are you mistaken? She's so young and beautiful and classy... She must be an aunt."
	Hallie was only forty-three years old. With good look and elegant temperament, and having been a college teacher, she didn't look like a woman of forty.
	She had always loved to wear a cheongsam, and today she was in a pale blue cheongsam, which made her every charming.
	"Doris has such a sweet mouth." Hallie laughed at the child's words.
	'She's grandfather's wife, so you should call her granny." Rose put her hand on Doris's shoulder. "Greet them."
	"Nice to meet you, grandpa and grandma. I'm Doris and I'm five years old." Doris had a clear voice, like a happy small oriole.
	"Come here, let Grandpa have a good look at you." Francis's face was kind and friendly, without the harsh authority he had used to face his son.
	"Go ahead." Rose encouraged Doris.
	Doris took a few steps forward and stood in front of Francis, looking up at the nearly 60-year-old man with her tiny head up.
	Francis looked at Doris's small face carefully. She did have the look of Bright when he was a child, but her demeanor was more like his.
	It couldn't be wrong. This really was the child of the Lee family.
	"Say it again." Francis looked at the only granddaughter of the Lee family and was very happy.
	"Grandpa." Doris said it again, sweetly.
	"Yes little honey..." Francis's heart was filled with contentment and love.
	"Don't stand there, Grandpa. Take a seat." Doris politely helped Francis back onto the couch.
	Francis put a hand on Doris's soft face. "Grandpa has wronged you. I am sorry." he said.
	Doris looked puzzled. Francis said, "Zoe is the daughter of grandpa and grandma. She has hurt you, and we apologize to you on her behalf. But we can't send her to the police station, and we will punish her in another way, so..."
	"Don't say that, grandpa. Doris understands why you're doing it. I know my grandfather won't let me suffer again in the future." Doris seemed mature and sensible as a grown-up. "Actually, what I'm trying to say is it's so nice to have a grandfather."
	"What a sensible girl." Francis felt sorry for his granddaughter. "Your dad should learn from you," he said.
	"No, grandpa. It's me who should learn from dad." Doris thought Bright was the role model she should follow.
	"Rose, you raised your daughter well. The Lee Family owes you and your daughter." Francis sighed, surprising for meeting his granddaughter for the first time when she had several years old, "You've done a great job, Rose."
	"Dad, don't say that. She is my child, and it is my duty to educate her." Rose was also proud that her daughter was a sensible and kind-hearted child.
	"Come back to City J with Doris when you have time. I want everyone to meet the little princess of the Lee family." Francis tried to set the record straight by trying to claim Doris as his granddaughter.
	He should make it up for Doris when he was absent during her growing.
	Bright didn't say a word. Anyway, it was his idea to let Doris return to the Lee family.
	"Wait until we have free time." Bright answered lightly, "It's getting late. Doris needs to go wash up and rest."
Chapter 264 You Were the Woman from Five Years Ago
	Bright once again showed them the door. Francis knew that Bright was still angry, so he did not care about Bright's attitude towards him or how embarrassed he felt in front of his son.
	This time he was really wrong and owed too much to his grandson.
	"Then we'll be taking our leave." Francis stood up again.
	"Dad and Aunt Hallie, why don't you take for the night? You need a room to stay in. Don't tell me you are thinking of staying at a hotel," Rose persuaded them.
	"Grandpa and grandma, stay here," Doris also said. She then said to Bright, "Dad, say something."
	"I'm going upstairs." Bright didn't reply to Doris. He only stood up, put his hands casually into his pockets, and headed for the stairs.
	"Dad, Aunt Hallie, Bright didn't say anything, which means he agreed. Just stay here. Don't make things difficult for yourselves. Living at home is the most comfortable."
	Rose watched Bright's tall and straight figure as he left. "He cares about his reputation. Don't mind him."
	"Grandpa, grandma, stay and spend some time with me." Doris pulled them.
	Francis and Hallie could not resist their enthusiasm, so they agreed.
	The most embarrassed one was Lina, who was someone Bright, Doris, and Rose welcomed the least, so she had no reason to continue staying there.
	"Father Lee, Aunt Hallie, then I'll be taking my leave." Lina left immediately after she spoke.
	Francis wanted to ask her to stay, but Hallie persuaded him, "Lina has been in City H for a while. She probably booked a hotel already."
	"Doris, you stay with grandpa and grandma while I go upstairs and tidy up the room for them." Rose gave Doris a task and went upstairs.
	Rose went to the master bedroom to fetch the duvet cover and bed sheet only to see Bright standing beside the French windows.
	She walked over and stood beside him. The cool night breeze blew her hair.
	"Still angry?" Her voice blew into his ears.
	"In your eyes, I am a very petty person." Bright held onto the fence and looked sideways at her.
	Under the dim light, her eyes were as bright as stars, which were very charming.
	"Dad and Aunt Hallie stayed." She started blushing because of his gaze.
	"I know." The clear-cut features of Bright's face were even more obvious in the night, but they were softened by the glimmer. "You have nothing else to say to me?"
	"Doris is indeed your biological daughter. I kept it a secret for so many years. Sorry." Rose did not mention the reason and only expressed her apology.
	"Why are you hiding everything from me? Am I so unworthy of your trust?" Bright felt a little empty and cold.
	"I dared not say." Rose looked into the distance, watching the light in the middle of the night. "At that time, I wasn't close to you. The Lee family has power while I was alone and had nothing but Doris. I was afraid that once you knew Doris is your biological daughter, you would take her away from me at all costs. This is why I never said it."
	"Until later, our relationship developed. When I saw you treat Doris so well, I was in a dilemma from keeping the secret. I wanted to tell you, but I was afraid to tell you. I was afraid that you wouldn't forgive me because of my plot and that you would misunderstand me."
	"So even until I knew that you gave birth to Doris to save Sky, you still didn't say that Doris' biological father is me," Bright sighed lightly and said, "You worked so hard to hide it, but you should know that no secret can remain hidden forever. It's just a matter of time before it's revealed."
	"I never thought that the woman who schemed against me five years ago would be you. We couldn't find the woman who entered my room and had a one-night stand with me before disappearing five years ago until Sophie told the story about Doris."
	"When Bill investigated your past, he found that there was an unexpected coincidence between you and the woman from five years ago. All kinds of clues indicated that you might be the woman who disappeared overnight five years ago... This is why I took Doris to do a paternity test."
	"The result was as I expected. Doris' age and her blood type are proof that you are the woman from five years ago!"
	Bright clenched his hands into a fist, as if there was something stuck in his chest, making his breathing a bit ragged.
	"Haven't you doubted other women?" Rose asked quietly.
	With Bright's identity, there was no way he only slept with her before!
	"You think that I sleep with any women?" Bright's stern eyes were fixed on her. "Only you, stupid woman!"
	Shock flashed through Rose's pupils while she felt more apologetic.
	"You went as far as sacrificing yourself, scheming against others, and using your child for a man! You even won't let me reunite with my daughter! Rose, you are ruthless!"
	Bright knew that he should not mind Rose's past because Sky was her fiancé at that time, so she saved him out of instinct. But he just could not forgive her for scheming against him and keeping it a secret from him for so long.
	He actually envied Sky. Rose trusted him and loved him with all her heart. She would do anything for him. It was obvious how important he was to her. The level of trust in their relationship paled in comparison with what she shared with Sky.
	Although he did not want her to be in danger because of him, he wanted that unconditional trust.
	"I'll forget about you scheming against me. But you used my daughter's umbilical cord blood to save that heartless man!"
	"I'm sorry." Rose had nothing to say except sincere apologies.
	She felt something caught in her throat and felt her eyes hurting as if they were scraped by the wind. Tears formed in her eyes, stinging the corners of her eyes.
	She turned her head, not wanting him to see her fragility.
	"Apology not accepted." Bright gave in. "Think long and hard about how to compensate me."
	"Okay." Rose suppressed the hoarseness in her voice. "I'll be making the bed for dad and auntie first."
	Rose turned and fled. She was afraid that she would cry in front of him.
	Rose picked up the duvet cover and bed sheet that she had just put on the bed and left to go to the guest room.
	She looked up, took a few deep breaths, and suppressed her tears. She really owed Bright too much, and she could not ever pay him back.
	She controlled her emotions and began to spread the sheets when Hallie walked over to help.
	"Aunt Hallie, take a break. I'll do it."
	"No, it's fine. It'll be done very quickly if I help you."
	Then the two women worked together, and the bed was quickly made.
	"Did you and Bright argue?" Hallie put the pillow into the pillowcase.
	"No." Rose shook her head.
	"I'm sorry about Zoe. Please bear with Bright. After all, he is under a lot of pressure," Hallie comforted Rose.
	"He's always been the one tolerating and forgiving me."
	"That's good."
Chapter 265 You Are Always Welcomed
	Rose woke up early the next morning to make a lavish breakfast with the maid.
	She heard from Hallie that Francis liked Chinese-style breakfasts, so she made it according to his preference.
	When Francis and Hallie saw such a lavish breakfast in the dining room, Francis praised Rose, "Rose, thank you. You are very considerate."
	"Dad, make yourself at home." Rose picked up a dumpling for him and put it on the plate in front of him. "Give it a try and let me know if it's to your liking."
	"Okay." Francis picked it up and brought it to his mouth to take a bite. He chewed slowly, and the expression on his face explained everything. "It's great, reminds me of what your Aunt Hallie makes."
	"It is a blessing for the Lee family to have a daughter-in-law like Rose," Hallie also praised her.
	"Dad, Aunt Hallie, please help yourself," Rose said.
	Bright took a sip of porridge and said to her, "Why aren't you ever this nice to me?"
	Rose felt that Bright was jealous. She took a small dumpling and put it on his plate. "Dad and Aunt Hallie are elders, so naturally they would have it first."
	Doris picked up a small dumpling and got up, then ran to Bright's side and put it in his bowl. "Dad, I'll help you."
	Bright held Doris' small face in his hands and planted a light kiss on her forehead. "I know that Doris loves daddy. Unlike your mommy…"
	Rose laughed and did not say anything. She did not fuss over Bright's remark.
	Doris also gave a small dumpling to Francis, Hallie, and Rose. "Take your time and enjoy."
	Everyone was amused by Doris' cute appearance and had a good time eating breakfast.
	After breakfast, Francis and Hallie picked up Zoe and returned to City J. When they left, Francis and Hallie once again thanked Rose.
	Rose and Bright went to work and sent Doris to school.
	When Rose arrived at work, she went to the office and typed a resignation letter before going to Matthew's office.
	Matthew saw Rose through the glass wall. "Come in."
	Rose walked over and placed the resignation letter on Matthew's desk. "Mr. Matthew, thank you for caring and support me all this time."
	"Why resign?" Matthew leaned back in his leather swivel chair.
	He looked up at Rose, who wore a white blouse and a polka dot ruffled mermaid skirt. She appeared graceful and charming.
	"If there are any problems because of work, I can try my best to help you resolve them so you can work without any worries."
	"Mr. Matthew, it's a personal problem," Rose said ambiguously, "I hope you can understand."
	Matthew put his hands on the armrests of the swivel chair and looked at her firm eyes. He knew her determination, but he did not want to lose such an excellent designer.
	"How about this? I won't accept your resignation letter. The Beach Hotel project must be very taxing. I'll give you a long vacation so you can relax and consider carefully." Matthew stood up with the resignation letter and handed it to Rose, who stood opposite of him.
	His eyes were also persistent and sincere, hoping that Rose could stay.
	But Rose did not reach out to take the resignation letter. "Please approve it."
	When he saw that she was not going to take it back, Matthew sighed lightly. "Rose, apart from our relationship as manager and subordinate, we are also friends."
	Rose nodded. They were indeed friends.
	"So I'm telling you as a friend that I'll keep this letter with me, but it doesn't mean that I'll approve it. Whenever you want to, you are welcome to come back to work and take this letter back." Matthew no longer forced her to take it back. "Take a good break anytime you want."
	This was the best preferential treatment that Matthew could give to her. Rose could no longer continue rejecting his kindness. She said, "If I don't come back, then please have someone take my place."
	"No," Matthew refused without hesitation, "As long as I am here, I have the right to reserve your position for you until you are willing to return."
	"You don't need to do this," Rose shook her head and refused.
	"I have to do this for the company to make you stay. You don't have to feel burdened." Matthew knew that she did not want to make things difficult for himself. "This is a right that I have."
	Rose had no other choice, so she thanked him and turned to leave.
	Matthew looked at her back and said, "If you have anything on your mind, you can tell me. I'll be a good listener."
	"I'm fine. I won't disturb you anymore." Rose opened the door and left.
	Rose drove back to Asgard Lake Community and placed a letter she printed at work on the bedside table. She then took out two suitcases and packed, one for Doris and one for herself.
	After she finished packing, she took a taxi and left Asgard Lake Community to pick Doris up from kindergarten and headed for the airport.
	After security screening, they waited in the lounge to board the plane.
	"Mom, where are we going? Where's Dad? Isn't he coming with us?" Doris sat down and slightly swayed her tiny feet.
	"We're going back to City Y. Dad is too busy with work. We need to do what we can. We don't want to trouble him," Rose touched Doris' soft black hair and replied.
	"Will dad come to us when he finishes work? Grandpa said that he would let dad take us back to City J," Doris said.
	"Probably. We'll wait for him in City Y." Rose held Doris in her arms.
	Afterward, they heard a boarding announcement, boarded the plane smoothly, and flew to City Y.
	They then took a long-distance bus and arrived in the countryside after a few transfers.
	Rose took Doris and followed the path in her memory to a house whose wooden doors were on a latch.
	Rose reached out and pushed the door open to see a large courtyard and a house with blue tiles and grey walls. Everything was simple and old.
	There were chickens and ducks in the yard. There were also flowers and plants, and a huge yellow Ficus virens in the left corner. It was glorious with thick leaves, like a big umbrella.
	Rose walked in with Doris. At this moment, an old man in his seventies came out of the central room with corn in his hand. When he saw Rose, he froze and was so excited that the sieve in his hand fell to the ground, spilling corn everywhere.
	"Rose?" the old man asked.
	"Grandpa." Rose stepped forward and fell into the arms of the old man like she did when she was a child. "Grandpa, I'm back to see you."
	"I'm happy that you are back." Grandpa patted her on the back and looked at Doris, who was not far away.
	"Great-grandpa, I am Doris, your great-granddaughter," Doris took the initiative to introduce herself.
	"I'm surprised that not only did Rose grow up, but her daughter did as well. It's too bad your grandma won't ever see," Grandpa's voice was choked when he spoke of grandma.
	Rose let go of her grandpa. "Grandma is watching from heaven."
	"Yes, yes, yes," Grandpa agreed. He asked the cute little Doris, "Doris, where's dad?"
Chapter 266 My Dad Is the Best in the World
	When Doris was about to answer, Rose said to her, "Honey, put your suitcase in that room."
	Rose pointed to the room on the left side of the central room, which used to be her room.
	"Okay." Doris took her cartoon panda suitcase to the room on the left of the central room.
	Grandpa and Rose watched as Doris' small body pulled her suitcase and found her very cute.
	After Doris walked away, Grandpa took Rose and walked a few steps away from the eaves to a place where Doris could not hear. He said, "What's wrong between you and your child's dad?"
	"Grandpa, it's nothing." Rose smiled. "It's just that we are not suitable."
	"Your child is already this old, yet you now think that you guys aren't suited for each other?" Grandpa asked rhetorically and then added, "Did he let you down?"
	"No." Rose shook her head, feeling very bitter. "I let him down. I don't know how to face him because of some things."
	"So you took your child to hide in the countryside? You wanted to escape?" Grandpa understood very clearly. "Rose, escaping the problem doesn't solve it. If you want to solve the problem, you must face reality."
	"Grandpa, I know, but I am a mess right now. I just want to find a place to calm down. Would you look down on me and despise me?" The only place that Rose could think of was her grandpa's place.
	Only this place could make her feel at ease and keep her away from those troubles.
	Bright was busy, so he would not bother coming to this place. She just wanted to be apart from him for a while, so both of them could calm down.
	"How could grandpa despise you? I'm very happy that you came to see grandpa, but grandpa doesn't want you to treat yourself badly," Grandpa said sincerely. He reached out to pat her on the shoulder. "Grandpa supports any decision you make as long as you feel that it's right and you are happy."
	"Thank you, grandpa." Rose reached out and hugged Grandpa again.
	"You are my good granddaughter. What are you thanking me for?" Grandpa looked upset when he heard her overly courteous words.
	"Grandpa, I'll go put my suitcase away first." Rose trot away with a smile.
	Rose put her suitcase in the room. Doris had already opened her suitcase and was searching for something.
	"What are you doing?" Rose was puzzled.
	"I have something to give to great-grandpa." Doris finally found the picture she drew in the corner of her suitcase after searching. It was all wrinkled.
	Rose shook her head helplessly, put her suitcase away, and put her purse down. "I'm going to help grandpa shuck corn. You play by yourself."
	"Mom, I'm also going to help great-grandpa." Doris took Rose's hand as they walked out of the room together and went into the central room.
	Grandpa was picking up the corn that had just fallen on the ground and putting them into the round sieve.
	"Great-grandpa, we're here to help you." Doris approached him happily.
	Rose and Doris squatted down and finished picking up the corn with Grandpa. They then carried the corn to a square table in the corner of the yard.
	"Grandpa, look at my drawing." Doris showed her drawing as if she was presenting a treasure. "This is a gift from me."
	"Thank you." Grandpa touched Doris' head. "Come here and let great-grandpa see what you drew."
	Grandpa unfolded the A4 paper. It was a drawing of a man in superhero clothes holding hands with a woman in a white dress and holding a little girl in a pink dress in his arms under a dark blue starry sky.
	"Great-grandpa, this is me, this is mom, and this is dad. My dad is amazing. He loves Doris and protects mom and me like a superhero," Doris explained the meaning of the drawing to Grandpa.
	"Oh, dad is so amazing..." Grandpa glanced at Rose, who held corn in her hand. "Then Doris has a good dad, right?"
	"Of course, my dad is the best dad in the world." Doris's tone was particularly proud. "Great-grandpa, let me tell you. When I was hurt and bled, dad donated 600cc of blood to me..."
	"Doris, come and help your great-grandpa shuck corn." Rose picked up corn for her. "It must be shucked before dark, come on."
	"What do you shuck the corn for?" Doris asked curiously.
	"Corn can be used to feed chickens and ducks." Grandpa pointed to the chickens and ducks on the other side of the bamboo fence and spoke.
	Doris nodded. "We humans can eat it too."
	"This is dried corn. If you want to eat it, you have to grind it into corn flour." Grandpa cut the hard corn off the cob. "If you want to eat it, there is some corn flour at home."
	"I like to eat fresh corn," Doris expressed her thoughts.
	"I see," Grandpa laughed.
	The three of them shucked corn while talking and laughing together until the sun went down and Grandpa was ready to cook dinner.
	Rose helped start a fire. It was the first time that Doris saw a firewood stove, so she was interested and wanted to have a try. But the soot turned her into a little spotted cat.
	"Hurry up and take Doris to wash her face and hands. It's time to eat," Grandpa urged Rose.
	Rose went to the well in the yard to manually retrieve water, but when she took out her phone, it slipped from her hand and fell into the bucket of water in front of her. It was damaged beyond repair.
	Doris picked up her phone from the bucket, and it was dripping with water. Doris looked upset. "Mom, the phone is broken... I can't call dad anymore..."
	"It's okay, let's fix it. If we can't fix it, then let's buy another one," Rose comforted Doris.
	In fact, the call just now was from Bright. It seemed that he had already seen the letter she left.
	"After we wash our hands, let's eat." Rose took the phone and went to the central room with Doris. The dining table in the central room was already set. Meat and vegetables from the countryside were fresher and more delicious than those from the city.
	Bright was in City H and after he called Rose, he only heard a beep before her phone shutdown.
	He was very puzzled and called several times, but the response he received from all of them was that her phone was turned off.
	He was busy today and did not pick up Doris with Rose. He just got home and heard from the maid that Rose and Doris both did not come back.
	He decided to give her a call, but her phone was turned off. He felt uneasy that he could not get in contact with Rose.
	He went upstairs, opened the bedroom door, and saw a letter at the bedside when he walked to the bed.
	He pulled out the letter from under the lamp. The words on the envelope were indeed written by Rose – "private and confidential – to Bright".
	This made him feel uneasy.
	He opened the envelope and took out the printed letter. The content of the letter was as follows:
	Bright,
	Please allow me to say sorry to you first of all.
	I feel apologetic towards you for what happened five years ago, but I had no choice. I don't regret what I did, but the only thing that I feel guilty about is that I used you and Doris.
Chapter 267 She Was Like a Deserter
	The secret that Doris is your biological daughter has been like a stone in my heart that made me feel uncomfortable. I wanted to tell you, but I was afraid to tell you.
	Now that you know, I feel a lot more at ease but a lot guiltier at the same time.
	Because of your kindness to me, I couldn't face you. My heart is a mess. I don't think I am worthy of your kindness.
	Bright, I couldn't persuade myself to accept your kindness with peace of mind. This would only make me hate myself even more.
	Sorry, I ran away. I wanted to find a place to calm down.
	I don't know when I'll come back. Maybe I'll never come back... Don't wait for me and don't look for me.
	I'll be good by myself. I'll also take care of Doris. Don't worry.
	You should also pay attention to your health. Don't forget to eat and rest after being busy with work.
	Your health is your most precious asset. Only by having a healthy body would you have what you want.
	Bright, please forgive my cowardice and selfishness.
	Therefore, I have signed the divorce agreement that you gave me. You can be free after you sign.
	Finally, I wish you happiness, and sorry.
	Rose Linder
	After reading the short letter word by word, Bright's inner peace was destroyed bit by bit.
	He squeezed the letter with his fingers so hard that he punctured the paper.
	"Rose, you are indeed selfish!" Bright felt very angry and then balled the letter in his hand and threw it away.
	His heart was crumpled up like this paper.
	He picked up his phone and dialed a number. The call was soon answered. "Mr. Matthew, did Rose take a leave of absence?"
	Since she left City H, she must have gone through handover procedures at work. Matthew was her immediate manager, so he should have a clearer idea.
	Matthew was surprised at first because he did not expect Bright to not know about Rose's resignation. But he still told the truth, "She came to me to resign, but I didn't approve. I promised her that she can come back to work at any time, so she was given a long vacation… Is there something going on between you two? I'm sorry for asking."
	"Thank you for telling me." Bright was rarely polite.
	After finishing the conversation with Matthew, he sat on the edge of the bed and exhaled deeply and in a depressed manner. He rested his hands on the edge of the bed and tightened his grip so strongly that the veins on the back of his hands popped out and his joints turned pale.
	It seemed that Rose had thought about all of this last night, but he had no idea like an idiot.
	The more he thought about it, the angrier he became that he was on the verge of going on a rampage. He could understand the embarrassment and discomfort that Rose felt from having her secret revealed. But he could not accept that she ran away without a word, like a deserter, and without clearing things up with him face to face.
	He would not forgive her for being so capricious. If she wanted to leave, then he would just let her go. He would not chase after her anymore.
	He also had his pride and self-esteem.
	Before this, no one had ever dared to treat him like this.
	The fire in Bright's chest burned so hard that he could not say anything. He had tried his best to restrain his anger, but when he saw the divorce agreement, his blood burned.
	With a swing of his long arm, he knocked off the vintage ceramic lamp on the bedside table to the floor.
	The ceramic on the lamp cover was so shattered that it could never be put together again.
	At this time, the bedroom door was pushed open in a hurry. The person who came in saw the broken lamp on the floor and a disheveled man but had no idea what was going on.
	"What made you so furious?" Harry stepped over, looking down at the poor lamp. "Didn't this cost you money?"
	"Get out," Bright just said coldly.
	Now he was not in the mood for jokes and did not want to vent his anger on his good friend if he was ever out of his mind due to anger.
	So letting him go was the best way.
	Harry ignored his "rude" attitude and glanced at the divorce agreement on the bedside table.
	It seemed that he was in a bad mood because of it.
	Harry did not ask about it. "You need to eat."
	"I'm not in the mood or appetite and don't want to eat." Bright sat back on the edge of the bed. "I told you to get out."
	"Okay, getting out." Harry turned and left.
	Bright sat there alone and thought that it would finally be quiet, but Harry returned within a few minutes with a small first aid kit in his hand.
	He saw Bright's right-hand bleeding just now, so he went downstairs to ask the maid for a first aid kit.
	Harry opened the first aid kit and took out a disinfectant, cotton swabs, and scissors.
	"Didn't I tell you to leave? What are you back for?" Bright was a little impatient.
	"After I help you treat the wound, I'll leave even if you don't ask me to." Harry reached out and took his hand.
	Bright tightly clenched his hand, not wanting him to be nosy.
	"Relax." Harry became unhappy. "There's no way I'm just going to watch you bleed. The earlier I treat it, the earlier I can leave."
	Only then did Bright slowly unclenched his hand. His palm was most likely scratched by ceramic and was now stained red by his bright red blood.
	Fortunately, the wound was not deep. Otherwise, he would have to go to the hospital for stitches.
	Harry used a cotton swab that was moistened with a disinfectant to clean the bloodstains on his palm. It was inevitable that he would touch the wound, but Bright only frowned and did not say anything, as if it was not his wound that was being treated.
	Harry wrapped up his work. "Something as small as this was enough to give you a big blow? This isn't like you."
	Bright looked at the layers of white gauze wrapped around his palm and did not speak.
	"Anyway, you said that you are going to divorce three years later when you got married three years ago. You are only fulfilling the original contract now. What? You can't part from her?" Harry packed up the first aid kit.
	"Before is before. Now is now. I never thought that there would be such a day." Bright let out a long breath. "Forget it, this is already the case anyway. So be it."
	"No one can help you with this kind of thing. Only you can reason with yourself. Bright, look on the bright side, it's just a contract." Harry reached out and patted both of his shoulders a couple of times.
	Harry lifted the first aid kit to leave. Bright also got up from the edge of the bed and left the bedroom with him.
	The two went downstairs one after the other. Harry gave the first aid kit to the maid and turned around to say to Bright, "I'll be going back to the hotel. Call me if you need something."
	"Who told you to leave? Eat." Bright glared at him lightly before heading for the dining room.
	Harry shrugged slightly and went to the dining room with him.
	The dining room was stocked with a lavish dinner. There were four dishes and one soup, which was enough for two people.
	"Why did you come to City H?" Since Bright was not in his right mind just now, he did not ask much about Harry's sudden appearance.
Chapter 268 She is Your Nemesis
	"I came to City H to hold a film festival. I heard from Uncle Lee that you were here, so I came to see you." Harry scooped a bowl of soup for himself.
	"You are happy and free." Bright was a little envious of him for being able to wander everywhere, unlike him, who was burdened with the Lee family and HY Group. There was not a moment for him to relax.
	"How can the Faulkner family compare your family? The Lee family is very big while the Faulkner family is only so big." Harry smiled.
	Bright really wanted to tear this guy's smile into pieces. "Everyone knows that the Faulkner family has power in Kynto. You don't have to fool me here."
	Although the Faulkner family was not in business, it was in politics. The Faulkner family was also very influential in society. Family leaders originally thought he would also be in politics because this was the field he studied after all. No one expected him to become a freelance photographer.
	This made the leader of the Faulkner family anxious. He also received a lecture from his parents but was still obsessed with photography.
	His parents were both diplomats, and everyone in the family worked either in politics or in the military. He was the only one who had nothing to do.
	In the end, Harry convinced his grandpa and parents. He was the youngest in the family anyway, and his older brothers and sisters all contributed to the Faulkner family. It did not matter much that he was the only one who did not go into politics.
	Besides, he liked photography. He was very happy that it turned into his life's pursuit and work.
	His grandpa was finally persuaded, but it was under the condition that he would get married at the age of thirty at the latest. Now that he was thirty, his grandpa urged him a few times, and he promised to get married before his birthday.
	He was just delaying it because he had not yet found the love of his life.
	He did not harbour any hope for feelings and marriage. He planned on taking things as they come.
	"That has nothing to do with me." Harry picked up the soup bowl and drank the soup. "This soup is very good."
	"You are fooling Grandpa Faulkner. Aren't you afraid of being caught and grounded?" Bright met his gaze.
	"There's no use in being afraid. Grandpa has arranged everything anyway. I'm just a puppet." Harry leaned back in the chair. "Grandpa's birthday is next month. Although he said that it's going to be low-key, you know that he has ulterior motives."
	"Grandpa wants to host a blind date party for you." Bright had experienced it before, but he ended up choosing Rose, a woman who had no connection with their social circle.
	It was just that some things happen when least expected. It not only made him abandon the original three-year agreement, but also hurt him all over.
	Bright felt a headache when he thought of this. He rose up from his chair but brought red wine and wine glasses over.
	He poured half a glass of wine and handed it to Harry. He then poured one for himself and picked up the glass. "Have a couple of drinks of me."
	"Cheers." Harry picked up the wine glasses and clinked with Bright's, creating a crisp sound.
	Both of them drank half a glass of red wine in one gulp, and Bright refilled their wine glasses again.
	The two of them didn't eat much but drank a lot of wine.
	The two sat on the sofa contentedly, and Bright felt very happy.
	"Bright, you came to City H for a woman, but she gave up on you. Was it worth it?" Harry asked him.
	Bright put his long legs on the coffee table in a comfortable posture. "Let me tell you a story..."
	He told Harry about what happened five years ago and what happened between himself and Rose.
	Harry showed a look of surprise as he listened and finally understood.
	"It turned out that you were entangled with each other five years ago, and your contractual wife was also her... Is it fate that you two are destined to meet?" Harry laughed gently. "Bright, she may be your nemesis in this life."
	Bright said, "I will definitely be there on the day of Grandpa Faulkner's birthday, and I will see who your nemesis is."
	"How will that ever be a nemesis? It just means I'll stop being single. Unlike you, who lost your virginity, your heart, and your woman, yet you don't even know whether she likes you…" Harry smiled smugly at Bright's misfortune. "Bright, to be honest, I look down on you a little bit. What have you been doing in the past thirty years of your life?"
	"Since you like her, you should chase after her. Even if you get a divorce, you have to make it clear. Ask her if she likes you or her ex. If she likes you, then it's a good thing, and you can reunite with your family. If she doesn't, then you cut your losses. You are drinking your sorrows away and guessing what lies in her heart. People's hearts are the hardest to guess… You need to know the reason."
	Bright did not reply and only indulged himself in wine.
	Time was almost up, so Harry got up. "Don't drink too much and rest earlier."
	"Where are you going?" Bright asked him, looking up.
	"The hotel. The organizer booked it a long time ago. My team is in the hotel, and there are many things to do." Harry patted him on the shoulder. "I won't be able to keep you company anymore."
	"I'm not interested in you." Bright gave him a blank look. "Take your time. Bye."
	After Harry left, Bright stayed alone in the huge and quiet living room...
	It was nighttime, yet he did not have anyone to lean on.
	"Mr. Lee..."
	Bright felt someone calling out to him beside his ear. He rubbed his forehead and slowly opened his eyes to see the maid's face.
	"Mr. Lee, did you sleep in the living room all night?" As soon as the maid came, she saw Bright sleeping on the sofa with empty wine bottles on the coffee table and a wine glass on the carpet. She said, "I'll make you a bowl of hangover soup. After drinking so much wine, it probably hurts a lot now."
	After speaking, the maid picked up the empty wine bottles and wine glass before going to the kitchen.
	After a while, the maid brought out the hangover soup. "Mr. Lee, you'll feel better after drinking it."
	Bright felt a severe headache, so he held the hangover soup to his mouth and drank it in one gulp.
	But how come he felt that his head was not only painful but also hot?
	Bright touched his forehead. It seemed that his body temperature was a little too high.
	He went upstairs, took a shower, changed his clothes, and got ready to go to work.
	The maid called out to him, "Mr. Lee, you haven't had breakfast yet."
	"No need," Bright said as he fixed his cuffs.
	"Mr. Lee, there's something I don't know if I should say." After hesitating for a while, the maid said, "No matter what happens, your body is the most important."
	Although Bright did not say anything, the maid still saw and knew that Bright drunk heavily because Rose and Doris did not come home.
	"I see. Thank you." Bright left the house.
	Bright was not a person who liked having people care about him, but the person from who he actually wanted to receive care was not around.
	After Bright arrived at work, he devoted himself to work. He had two consecutive meetings without breakfast, and was very angry at the meeting.
	"You guys need to make changes to this thing that you made..." Bright smashed the folder on the conference table, then pushed aside the swivel chair and got up.
	As soon as Bright took a couple of steps, he felt dizzy. Before he could react, he fainted and fell to the floor…
Chapter 269 Fainting from High Fever
	Bright heard only anxious cries the moment before he fainted. "Mr. Lee... Mr. Lee..."
	When Bill saw Bright lying on the ground, he quickly said, "Hurry up and call 120... Give me a hand and carry Mr. Lee to the lounge. If anything happened to Mr. Lee, we'll all be held accountable!"
	Everyone started making phone calls, and some helped carry Bright.
	After 120 came, Bright was sent to People's Hospital while Bill and Masie accompanied him all the way.
	Bright woke up more than two hours later and saw himself lying in a snow-white ward with Bill standing guard.
	"Mr. Lee, are you awake? Do you want to drink water? Or are you hungry?" When Bill found out that Bright was awake, he quickly asked.
	Bright was still a little weak at this time, and his face was pale. "What's wrong with me?"
	"Mr. Lee, you fainted," Bill said to him, "You have a high fever of 39.2 °C. Don't you know?"
	It turned out that he had a fever. No wonder his body temperature was slightly high in the morning, but he did not care. After all, he exercised regularly and was fit. It was rare for him to catch a cold, let alone a fever.
	Unexpectedly, he was actually ill this time. It was a high fever, which proved the saying that sickness comes on horseback.
	Bright wanted to sit up, so Bill gave him a hand and placed a pillow behind him.
	"The doctor told me that drinking warm water can detoxify." After hearing Bright cough, Bill poured water for him.
	Bright took the warm water, blew it, and took a few sips.
	"Mr. Lee, I called Mrs. Lee, but her phone was turned off... I couldn't find her for the time being." Bill felt that he was also becoming more and more useless, and it was because of Mrs. Lee every time.
	"No need to call her." Bright put the cup on the bedside table. "She is gone."
	"Gone? Where did she go?" Bill asked in confusion.
	"Don't mention her in the future." Bright glared at him with displeasure.
	Bill shut his mouth obediently and felt that he was always the unlucky one whenever his boss argued with his wife.
	"Go through the discharge procedures. I have to be discharged." Bright could not lie there calmly.
	As soon as he stopped, he would think about Rose. He needed to keep himself busy and feel paralyzed so he could forget about her "ruthlessness".
	"Mr. Lee, you still have a high fever. Besides, the doctor said that you have to be hospitalized for observation for at least three days to make sure you don't get pneumonia..." Bill dared not finish his words with "you'll get brain damage from fever". "Mr. Lee, please cooperate with the doctor."
	"It's just a high fever. I can't die from it. I said that I have to be discharged from the hospital, so go do it!" Bright insisted.
	Bill stood still and did not want to be held accountable.
	"If you don't go, then I'll go." Bright reached out and pulled out the needle from the back of his hand.
	"Mr. Lee, you can't..."
	Bright did not listen to Bill's advice at all. He lifted the quilt and got up. But the moment he stood up, his feet became weak, and he almost knelt on his knees.
	Bill hurriedly supported him to sit on the bed. "Mr. Lee, there is no shame in being ill. You just need to treat it."
	Bright gave Bill a sideways glance, but Bill persisted, "Even if you don't want to be hospitalized, you have to finish the IV therapy before you leave. Otherwise, you'll faint again if you leave in your current state."
	"When you fainted in the conference room, you frightened everyone. Chairman Lee probably heard about it to some degree. You don't want him to come to City H to visit you, right?"
	Bright did not want to faint again. This was a risk given his current condition, so he compromised.
	Since Bright did not speak, Bill guessed that he acquiesced.
	"Then I'll ask the nurse to give you an IV again." Bill rang the bell on the bedside.
	After a while, a nurse came and saw the hanging needle. "What happened?"
	"It was an accident," Bill said, "Please give him an IV again."
	"Be careful next time."
	Bright lay back on the bed, and the nurse put the needle in him again.
	After three hours of IV, Bright was finally free and left the hospital, but he needed to return the next day for IV therapy.
	Sophie, who stood on the stairs at the entrance of the hospital, came for a pregnancy check-up today. Just as she left the hospital, she saw Bright getting in a car and leaving.
	She looked at the car's shadow in the distance and squeezed her fingers. Her misfortune was all because of Bright and the bitch, Rose!
	She could not accept it and would not accept it.
	Now that she had been kicked out of the Tanner family, and the scandal between her and Timothy spread on the Internet and was known by everyone. She already became an object of the upper class' derision.
	She could no longer threaten the Tanner family and Sky to accept her. Ever since she was driven out of the Tanner family, it had been more than a month since she last saw Sky.
	She missed him, missed him very much. She wanted to return to his side but could not get close to him.
	Sophie took a car back to a community. This was a place that Joy rented for her, which was the last kindness she would receive.
	She was not accepted by not only the Tanner family, but also the Linder family.
	Life was worse for her than it was for Rose at that time.
	Rose... Rose... Rose...
	Sophie looked at the ordinary two-bedroom house, at the clothes she wore which were from a year ago, and at this place that was smaller than her old bathroom. She felt like a disgusting rat.
	But Rose was the noble Mrs. Lee. She had a luxury car, a VVIP card, endless new clothes, endless money... She was going to go crazy from jealousy and hatred.
	Sophie poured the water in her hand into her mouth fiercely and then placed it heavily on the coffee table.
	She wanted to return to her once-glamorous life. She wanted everyone to look at her with envy. She wanted to hold Sky's arm and walk with her back straight.
	"Sophie, thank you for staying true to me. Thank you for allowing me to be reborn."
	"Sophie, marry me as my bride and stay with me forever, okay?"
	"Sophie, I only like you. You are my only Mrs. Tanner."
	"Sophie, even if we don't have children, we'll be together until we are old."
	...
	It felt like it was just yesterday when he said those words to her. She remembered every word and every word she had said to him.
	Sophie thought of the bits and pieces that had happened when she was with Sky. She was so happy, and their relationship was so sweet. But now she was left with bitterness and pain that she could not bear.
	She really missed him, really wanted to hear his voice.
	She was picked her phone and dialled the number that she had memorized by heart.
	She held her phone and as she listened to the sound of music, her heartbeat kept increasing until the other party answered the call. "Hello, I am Sky."
	The sound of "Hello" made her throat tighten as hot tears fell.
	She opened her mouth, so excited that she could not make a sound for a while.
	"Who are you? If you don't speak, I'll be hanging up." Sky heard no response from the other end of the line.
	"Don't... don't hang up," Sophie hurriedly said when Sky was about to hang up.
Chapter 270 Better Late than Never
	Although this voice was a bit different, it still felt familiar.
	Sky, on the other end of the line, froze for a moment and slowly said, "Sophie."
	He lived with her for so many years, so he did not mishear her voice.
	"Honey...I miss you." Sophie addressed Sky as "Honey" like before, but it was very ironic to Sky and hurt his ears.
	"Sophie, we are over. Please don't address me that way." Sky clearly reminded her again.
	"But we haven't signed the divorce agreement yet." Sophie bit her lip and made a point.
	"It'll happen sooner or later." Sky was now anxious to get a divorce right away.
	However, Sophie was pregnant, and the court would not allow a divorce during the woman's pregnancy. All he had to do now was endure until she gave birth. If the child was not his, then he would be able to shake her off completely.
	He felt extremely sick when he thought that he and Sophie still had a legal relationship as husband and wife.
	"As long as we don't sign the divorce agreement, you are my husband." Sophie always refused to face reality and persisted with her pitiful dream.
	"What's so fun about it?" Sky frowned.
	"Honey, I miss you. I want to see you." Sophie caressed her slightly bumpy lower abdomen. "I went for a pregnancy check-up today. The doctor said that our baby is doing great and is very healthy. It's just that I am a little malnourished... Honey, can you come to visit me? Take a look at our baby."
	Although Sophie was kicked out of the Tanner family, Sky transferred money to her account as promised every month. He did not treat her badly at all.
	Malnutrition... How ridiculous!
	She should have thought of something a little more convincing when her goal was to deceive him.
	"Sophie, don't call me anymore!" Sky did not want to say one more word to her. If she wanted to go crazy, then she could do it alone. He did not want to keep her company.
	"Honey, don't hang up!" Sophie was not done speaking, but the other party had already hung up.
	Rose looked at her phone screen, which was back to her home page. His ruthlessness gave her a great deal of heartache.
	She held her phone while her tears kept falling like broken beads.
	She gritted her teeth, wiped away her tears, and made a call, but the other party hung up.
	When she called again, the line was busy. She kept calling, and the line kept being busy…
	It seemed that he had blacklisted her, so her calls could not go through.
	Sophie still did not give up. She typed a message and sent it to him.
	Sky was very upset because of Sophie. He lazily read the message until he saw the word "Rose" and finally became anxious. He picked up his phone and tapped on the message to take a look.
	[Honey, you told me not to call you, so I'll be obedient. I'll call Rose instead.]
	Sky threw his phone on the desk out of anger and smashed the desk with his fist.
	Sophie dared threaten him. Did she really think that she could threaten him?
	At this time, he heard a knock on his office door and calmed down. "Come in."
	The person who opened the door was Rex. He placed a pile of documents on Sky's desk. "Mr. Tanner, I finally found out the real donor that year was Miss Rose Linder..."
	Sky's hand trembled while holding a document. His face turned pale, and his eyes were filled with disbelief.
	"How is it possible?" Sky could not accept this fact.
	"I couldn't believe it either, so I only dared tell you after verifying." Rex also looked incredulous. "The document you are holding contains the clues from that time."
	Sky hurriedly looked at the document. Rex also explained, "It wasn't easy for me to find out that a classmate of mine was at the luxurious maternity hospital where Miss Rose stayed at the time. He remembered that Miss Rose asked them to give the umbilical cord blood to her sister, who was Miss Sophie Linder."
	"And this umbilical cord blood is the one that Miss Sophie used to save you, which means it belonged to Miss Rose's daughter. It's Miss Rose who saved you."
	"Who is the biological father of that child?" Sky asked.
	"I don't have a clue yet because Miss Lin's activities before admission have not been found yet. I only know that she suddenly disappeared and then checked into this hospital before delivery and gave birth to the baby. Then you were there when she was discharged from the hospital..."
	Sky held the document tightly. It had more detailed records.
	It turned out that he mistook his saviour for someone else. He mistakenly treated his saviour as his betrayer and instead, turned a fake saviour into his wife.
	He was the world's biggest fool, the biggest joke.
	At this moment, Sky felt waves of emotions sweeping and surging. When the momentum passed, it felt as if he was sapped of energy and was only an empty shell, too weak to even hold the document.
	The truth of this incident caused a huge shock to his body and mind, making him unable to immediately face such a cruel situation with a clear mind.
	"Hahaha..." Sky finally laughed after a while.
	The more he laughed, the louder he was and the more miserable he felt.
	The rim of his eyes turned red from sorrow and grief. The woman he had hated for so long saved his life...
	And what did he do to her!
	He deserted and betrayed her in public, proposed to her sister, and trampled on her dignity!
	He even watched as their parents scolded and humiliated her and media reporters slandered her!
	He loved her so much, but he became the culprit who pushed her away.
	"Ah—" Sky angrily swept the documents on the desk to the floor.
	"Mr. Tanner, you were not aware, so don't blame yourself too much." Rex looked at Sky's red eyes and could only persuade him this way.
	Sky pushed against the table with both hands as his chest rose and fell violently because of anger. "If only I was more sensible back then and listened to her explanation! Do you know how much I hate myself now? It was me who caused her so much suffering! It was me! I let her down! I'm just a bastard!"
	Sky raised his hand and hit his left atrium fiercely as he blamed himself and felt guilty.
	"Mr. Tanner, if you feel apologetic toward Miss Rose, then go and make up to her now." Rex felt bad for Sky. No one thought that the truth would be like this. Anyone would have a hard time accepting it.
	"Make up to her? She doesn't need it anymore... and I've forever lost the right to." Sky slumped back into the executive chair.
	"Mr. Tanner, it's better late than never. Besides, Miss Rose once loved you so much... and even gave birth to a child to save you." Rex thought that there was still hope. "If you don't want to part from Miss Rose and truly want to get her back, then go for it."
Chapter 271 Stop Lying To Me
	Now Sky was miserable in a tizzy and he thought, "Do I still have any chance for her forgiveness?"
	"Mr. Tanner, though it's indeed a grievous hurt to Miss Rose, you're a victim too. Miss Sophie not only hid the truth that the cord blood was collected from Miss Rose's baby, but also lied that it was she that found the blood. Both you and Miss Rose rose to her bait and your hurtful behaviors were made on madness as you care too much about her."
	"The more you love, the more you hate. Explain it to Miss Rose with your 100% sincerity, I think she will understand you as she is reasonable. Mr. Tanner, now there is a chance right before your eyes."
	"What chance?" A glimmer of hope lit up in this man's gloomy eyes.
	"I will ask someone to trace Miss Rose and it's noticed that she has left YM Group yesterday with her daughter for City Y." Rex was wholeheartedly considerate to his master.
	"She left for City Y?" Sky murmured, "She worked there before. It makes sense."
	"No, she's not back to work there, but returned to her grandfather's home instead," Rex stopped and continued, "Mr. Lee wasn't with her."
	"His absence doesn't mean anything," Sky thought of Bright, his strong rival in love, and said, "Anyway, he's Rose's legal husband, while I also have a wife."
	"Mr. Tanner, everything is to be blamed to Miss Sophie. She is cunny." This over-weight scheming female under a sweet and vulnerable look was also beyond Rex's expectation and her sinister mind made his hair stand on end.
	The saying of being careful of evil women was a clear proof of some kind of women like Sophie.
	"Sophie, damn it!" Sky slightly squinted, looking murderous.
	At this moment the gentle Sky had the intent of killing and he realized that the woman he loved was the real manipulator behind her playing him off against Rose.
	And he had even slept with her for so many years. What a sheer irony it was!
	Sky stood up and went around the office table to leave his office. When passing by Rex, he gave a cold order, "No more penny to Sophie except for necessary expenses! I will make her suffer from what Rose did before, even a hundred and thousand times more. That's all she deserves!"
	Rose was driven away from the Linder family and was forced to leave City H. How did she lead a penniless life for the last five years with a new-born baby?
	Sky hated himself when thinking of how abjectly Rose had lived.
	"Yes, sir," said Rex.
	"I'm out for a while. Cancel all appointments." Now there was something important that Sky was going to do. "Send me Sophie's address."
	Sky left his office in a rush and took a lift to the underground parking, and then he drove away from the Tanner Group.
	Following the GPS, he finally arrived at the community address sent by Rex and parked his car on a parking area near a block of residential buildings.
	Sky looked around the surroundings, considering that even though it was not as superior as her previous villa, Sophie still had a house to live in.
	Then he went to the 7th floor by a lift and knocked on the security door of Room 703.
	"Who's that?" An enquiry was heard.
	"It is Sky Tanner." Sky announced his identity.
	Sophie opened the door when Sky finished his words. Standing at the door and staring at her handsome husband, she felt her eyes moist with tears.
	"My dear...you finally come to see me? I've been waiting for you for so long." Sophie was about to fall into the man's arms, while he stepped backwards.
	Sky ducked her and gazed at her as plague, which made Sophie feel sad, and she whispered, "Dear..."
	Sky cast cold eyes on her and said, "Sophie, speak in a normal way if you want me to give you more time, or I'll leave right now."
	"Sure, sure. I...You come in first." Sophie backed off and led him into the room.
	Sky entered and looked around, considering that the room was quite neat. But as he knew, being a daughter of a rich family, Sophie might have asked a nanny to clean and house and cook the meals.
	"You...Have a sit first and wait for seconds. I'll be ready in a minute." Sophie walked into her bedroom and closed the door.
	Sky still stood there and checked the time impatiently.
	"Miss Sophie, my time is limited."
	"I'm just changing my clothes." She responded.
	"1, 2, 3..." Sky was counting and decided to leave if she still did not come out when he counted to 10.
	Soon, Sophie came out in a beautiful dress which covered her small belly, seeing no sign of her pregnancy.
	She made a simple dress-up which gave her a pretty and sanguine look. The light peachy lip color suited her quite well, making her look tender and as lively as a young girl.
	She wanted to show the best of herself in front of Sky.
	"Dear Sky...Are you coming to pick up me back?" Sophie was still in her ridiculous illusion.
	"Stop you unrealistic delusion." Sky only had these four cold words to her.
	Sophie felt her heart tightened after listening to his words and looked at Sky broken-heartedly, "Sky, I've been pregnant for almost four months and if you treat me like this, our baby will get hurt."
	"Sophie, tell me who's the donator?" Sky still wanted to sound out whether she would tell the truth, "I will consider giving you a more comfortable living environment if you tell me the truth."
	"Sky, I've told you many times that I forgot the family involved and they don't want to be bothered as well. So I can't." Sophie still chose to hide the truth.
	"Sophie, they really don't want to be bothered, or you just want to hide the secret that the donator is Rose!" Sky finally revealed her lie.
	Sophie suddenly turned pale and was forced to step back by Sky.
	Had he already known what happened five years ago? How? Did Rose tell him?
	There was no way. As she knew, Rose would never reveal the truth, because she had no intention to get any repentance from Sky.
	"You...What are you talking about! Rose...Well...How could it be her!" Sophie thought it as a joke, "I was the one who found the cord blood to save you! Sky, I did!"
	"You still want to lie to me? Sophie, you're hopeless." Sky threw the documents collected by Rex out of his pocket to her and shouted out, "Widen your eyes and read it!"
	Sophie looked down at the documents and bent to pick them up.
	She read the documents and the more she read, the more her hands shook and the paler her face turned.
	"Do you really think that I'm a fool and you can keep it secret forever?"
Chapter 272 I just Want to Give Her My Life
	"No... No, it's not true. It's not true! Sky, you have to trust me!" Sophie tore up the documents in her hands and said, "Did Rose give it to you? She's the one who lied to you. She's trying to cover up the fact that she betrayed you and gave birth to a bastard! I'm your wife. You should believe me! Sky!!!"
	"Shut up!" Sky grabbed her by the neck and pushed her against the wall, "Sophie, how wicked you are. You lied to me for five years! And you didn't feel any regret even now!"
	"You are so vicious to separate Rose and me with your evil plan! I thought she betrayed me, and I fell for your plan to drive her out of my world! She's your sister, Sophie. How could you do that to her?"
	"What's the big deal that she's my sister? I was treated worse than her since I was a kid. Even the Tanner family chose her for their daughter-in-law, and you love her! My love for you is no less than her, but you never took a fancy to me! Why could she be with you while I could only watch you from a far distance?" Sophie finally admitted her mistake.
	"Since all of you think she is beautiful and pure, I want you to see her shamefulness and meanness! I destroyed her brilliant side in front of you, so you'll think I'm better than her... And I succeeded..."
	"Sophie, how dare you!" Sky tightened his fingers, and pinched her so hard that she was hard to breath and coughed.
	"Just kill me. Strangle me to death. I will be glad that my child and me can die at your hands." Sophie did not struggle, waiting for his punishment.
	Sky stopped his hand, lowered his eyes and scanned Sophie's abdomen, "Sophie, even you die a hundred times, it could not abate my anger, but the child is innocent. No matter how vicious I am, I would not hurt a child!"
	"Sky, forget Rose. I will be with you and our child. We will be a happy family." Sophie felt the strength of his hand loosened, and thought there was room to negotiate.
	"I won't kill you now, but that doesn't mean I won't in the future! Sophie, I won't forgive you. Not in my life! I even curse you to die in your boots!" Sky took his hand away from her neck.
	There was a red mark on Sophie's neck, clearly visible on the snow-white skin.
	Sky had already got the answer he wanted, and there was no point in staying.
	Time would not go back to five years ago, nor would it let Rose return to his arms.
	He was struggling between pain and despair, which made him feel worse than death.
	Sky turned to leave. Seeing that he was leaving, Sophie jumped on him and hugged him from behind, "Sky, don't go, please don't go!"
	"You make me feel sick and you make me feel more of an asshole!" Sky pulled off her hands around his waist and Sophie fell to the ground because she lost her support.
	Sky walked quickly to the hallway and was ready to turn the door handle, but Sophie's words came from behind.
	"Sky, is it my fault that you and Rose are where you are today? Yes, I have plotted you, but if you had trusted her a bit, if you firmly believed in your love, you would not have misunderstood her! Compared with us, Sky, you are the one who really hurt Rose!"
	Sophie's words, like needles, pierced Sky's heart, and made him feel guilty to the extreme.
	Sophie was right. He was the one who really pushed Rose into the abyss!
	"Are you going to ask Rose for forgiveness? She won't forgive you! She had already married to Bright. You can't go back with her!" Sophie reminded him of reality.
	"Sophie, you know what? I wish I had died, so that she didn't have to suffer so much. I never denied that I am a jerk!" Sky took a deep breath, trying to calm himself down," I don't want to ask her to forgive me. I just want to give my life to her!"
	"No!" screamed Sophie. "You said your life belongs to me! I forbid you to give it back to her!"
	"You will not control me! Sophie, mind your own business!" Sky pulled open the door. The light outside cast light on him, soft and hazy, as if he seemed to fly away.
	And then the door closed, and the room became dark again.
	"Sky, no, no..." Sophie yelled at the door and fell to the floor in tears. "Rose, it's your fault. You made Sky hate me, and you made me become what I am now. I will never let you off, never!"
	After Sky left, Sophie cried for a long time before she calmed down. And her eyes went dry...
	Sophie didn't know how she spent those twenty-four hours in the dark.
	She dressed herself as beautiful as ever, then made a phone call and went out, "See you at the Shadeway Teahouse."
	And then she went out to Shadeway Teahouse and booked a box.
	After she dismissed the waiter, she began to make the tea herself. As a lady in the Linder family, she surely knew how to make tea, so she made the tea with great ease.
	She had just finished making her first pot of tea when a man came in and looked at Sophie, whom he hadn't seen for a long time, but he would still find Sophie attractive.
	"I haven't seen you for a long time, and you look even more charming."
	"Take a seat." Without looking up, she filled his cup with tea.
	The man walked over and sat on the opposite side of her, looking at the fragrant tea in front of her, "You are not only beautiful, even the tea you cooked is so fragrant, just like you, making people unforgettable."
	"Do you still want me?" Sophie smiled.
	"Aren't you afraid? Mrs. Tanner." The man addressed her that on purpose.
	"If I were afraid, I wouldn't be fooling around with you." Sophie reached out her arm and pressed the cup of tea to his lips. "Timothy, don't play tricks in front of me. You're no gentleman."
	Timothy finished the tea and took her fair hand in his. "Did you miss me? Or do you want me to satisfy you?"
	"I miss you... and I also want you to satisfy me." Sophie let him touch her hand, no longer caring his flirtation.
	Timothy was so excited that he couldn't wait to sleep with Sophie in the teahouse.
	"You're not going to send me to the prison again, are you?" Timothy was cautious.
	"Am I an idiot? Would I have made such a mess of myself?" Sophie hit his hand. "The person who reported us last time was our acquaintance!"
Chapter 273 I Want You to Be with Me Physically and Mentally
	"Who is it?" asked Timothy with a cry of pain.
	"It's Rose." Hatred gradually accumulated in Sophie's eyes.
	"Is it really her?" asked Timothy, feeling Sophie's hate.
	"She admitted it to me herself. Can it be false?" Sophie gritted her teeth at the mention of Rose, "She's the one who wants to destroy us, so she had someone followed us and reported us. She hates me for being Mrs. Tanner and hates you for being too ambitious, so she wants revenge all the time!"
	"It's because of her that we both end in this! I wish I could skin her, draw her sinews, and drink her blood!"
	Timothy picked up the hot tea and took a sip, "That's your business with her."
	"Is it nothing to do with you? If it hadn't been for her, would Bright have dealt with you?" Sophie sneered. "What do you look like now? Are you still a man? You don't have any masculinity at all! Are you just going to throw in the towel and let Rose live a happy life?"
	"Or what can we do now?" Timothy put his teacup down and laughed at himself, "Not only now, even it was before, I could not compete with her. Behind her is Bright. No one can stand up to her. Have you not suffered enough? Anyway, I've had enough. I don't want to suffer any more. If you want to fight against Rose, that's your business. Don't get me into it."
	Timothy was afraid now and did not dare to provoke Rose. He wouldn't forget Bright's cold eyes. Until now, the thought of it would send a chill down his spine.
	"Timothy, how did I get you into this?" Sophie was so upset seeing Timothy so discouraged. "Are you willing to live a coward life like this? If it hadn't been for Rose, you would still be a master of the Fan family, living a free and happy life. But now, you are no better than a beggar! I will feel shameless if I were you!"
	"I just want to live a peaceful life, and to die a good death is better than to live a bad life! Don't harass me with that. I won't be fooled by you again!" Timothy stood up and was about to leave, "I advise you not to fight against Sophie. You are not protected by the Tanner family nor the Linder family. You won't win over her at all! I'm leaving, take care."
	As Timothy strode away, Sophie closed her eyes and took a deep breath, looking at his back and shouting, "Stop!"
	"No matter what you say, I'm not going to help you fight against Rose again!" Timothy had made up his mind. He just wanted to live a peaceful life.
	Rose also stood up from the table and walked a few steps to Timothy.
	She suppressed her anger and smiled with charm at Timothy.
	Now that she was at a disadvantage. Those who once surrounded her were now gone. They not only laughed at her, but also treated her as a virus and stayed far away from her.
	Looking around, there was only Timothy who was willing to be with her, and she had no choice but to rely on him.
	She couldn't just let Timothy go. She had to use him to her advantage.
	"You really don't want to listen to me?" Sophie smiled and looked up at him, tapping her fingertips on the buttons of his shirt.
	Just for a second, she became as soft and charming as spring breeze, and her eyes were even more attractive. Timothy was so fascinated by her bit by bit.
	"What do you want to do?" Timothy swallowed hard.
	"I'll do whatever you want." Sophie ran her fingertips up along the buttons of his coat, her arms wrapped around his neck. "You really don't miss me after not seeing me for so long?"
	"You said you didn't want to see me!" Timothy got mad at the mention of it.
	"Did I say that? I don't remember." Sophie didn't blush at all when she told the lie.
	Timothy looked at Sophie, who was so close to him, and whose beautiful eyes were blinking, so innocent that he could not say anything to retort.
	She was so close to him, and her smell made him dizzy and made his mouth dry.
	He grabbed her waist by the way and said, "Sophie, are you trying to use honey trap?"
	He retained his last bit of sanity.
	"Are you willing to fall for it?" She said plainly.
	"If you don't have Sky in your heart, I do." Timothy didn't want to fulfill her wish when he got nothing.
	Sophie's heart sank when he mentioned Sky, but she did not show it too obviously, "Even if I have him in my heart, does he have me in his? I've done so much for him, but now he's throwing me out of the Tanner family and divorcing me! Such a man is so merciless. I'm not a fool. I know who's nice to me and who's not."
	Her eyes were fixed on his face as she said the last words. "Timothy, I can see that you are the only one who has ever been nice to me."
	After that, she put her face against his chest and said softly, "I will be yours from now on. And I will have nothing to do with Sky anymore!"
	When Timothy heard Sophie say that she belonged to him, he froze in amazement and his heart began to pound wildly.
	The woman he liked was finally his. He had fulfilled his wish. How could he not be excited?
	"Really?" Timothy thought it was a little unreal.
	"Of course." Sophie nodded.
	"Sophie, how can I believe you..."
	Before Timothy finished speaking, Sophie hugged his shoulder and stood on tiptoe to kiss his mouth, stopping what he was going to say.
	Sophie kissed him clumsily. Her initiative made Timothy's mind blank, and he couldn't restrain himself anymore.
	He clasped her waist, actively and passionately kissing her back.
	The vibe got hotter and hotter, so that Timothy could not help but press Sophie down on the tatami.
	They kissed so affectionately that he couldn't wait to taste her beauty...
	Clothes and pants were thrown down the tatami. The two persons clasped together, having an exciting time.
	The scent of tea filled the air, and the man and woman were indulged in having sex...
	After a long time, everything became calm.
	Timothy was still insatiable and held Sophie tightly in his arms.
	In addition to her being drugged, this was the first time he and Sophie had such a great time. After all, she took the initiative time, and she didn't resist him as before.
	Today she was submissive and warm, and made him feel respected.
	"So you believe me now?" Sophie shot the works.
	Anyway, Sky would not forgive her if he knew all the truth. What she had to do was not let Rose be so happy.
	"I want you to be with me physically and mentally!" Timothy put his hand against her heart.
Chapter 274 A Surprise Gift
	Sophie took his hand and smiled softly. "You're so greedy."
	"If you want to take me in, you'll have to offer more than to tempt me." Timothy feared nothing when he had Sophie by his side. "I have already got you, but your heart..."
	"Don't worry." Sophie's red lips were close to his ear, blowing a trace of heat to him. "Both me and my heart belonged to you and perhaps there are other unexpected gains."
	"I'm looking forward to it." Timothy gave her another hard kiss on the lips.
	After that, they dressed themselves and sat down by the tea table. Sophie said, "I have fulfilled your wish. How about mine...?"
	"Do you really have to mess with Rose?" Timothy asked her again.
	"It's she that goes against me!" Sophie's anger flared up again. "How fierce was she to report me! I've lost all face in the world, and I won't let it go until I vent my anger."
	"You are doing this because you want to vent the anger or because of Sky?" Timothy always felt that Sophie's motives were not pure. She was not just for revenge.
	"You still don't believe me? I was dumped by Sky. Why am I still thinking about him? Does it work? It doesn't! I don't want to do anything in vain again! But Rose owes me that, and I won't let it go!" Sophie said, "Only you can help me now."
	Timothy frowned, "Sophie, I know you don't want to be reconciled, but the reality is that we don't have the ability to fight against her. Let's live a peaceful life. I will be good to you in the future. I won't let other people bully you."
	"Rose bullied me. Don't you care?" Sophie reached for his hand, her eyes wistful, "If you help me destroy Rose's reputation and make Bright abandon her, then I'll live with you."
	It was too tempted for Timothy. Now there were few women who wanted to live with him.
	After so many ups and downs, he didn't have the heart to handle the tricky things.
	"Don't you say you love me, Timothy? If you love me, just show me your manhood, okay? You are my man, and I'm your woman. I will rely on you. Please, help me." Sophie looked pathetic, and her eyes were moist.
	"What do you want me to do?" Timothy couldn't resist Sophie's begging and gave in.
	"To pay her back in her own coin." Sophie squeezed his hand. The meaning in her eyes was clear.
	"You want her to be raped by a man, and then take pictures and send them to Bright, or to publish them to the public?" Timothy looked into her eyes and read what she meant.
	"Yes, I'll let her taste what has happened to me." Sophie confessed, "And I'm not just getting her one man, I'm getting her many. Let her enjoy herself."
	"Who dares to touch Bright's woman?" Timothy couldn't be able to find anyone.
	"There are daredevil people out there, and don't tell them who she is." Sophie curled her lips and laughed insidiously. Seeing that Timothy didn't answer her, she asked, "What's wrong? Are you scared? Or you feel sympathy for her?"
	"Neither. I'm worried about you. What if Bright knows that?" Timothy didn't want Sophie to take the risk, because the price was too big, too big for them to afford.
	"Death is the worst! Besides, this is a society ruled by law, so it is impossible for him to kill people." Sophie added, "We've got to be very careful this time. They mustn't know we did it."
	"Sophie, this is Bright. This is too risky." Timothy was still hesitant.
	Sophie saw that Timothy was hesitating. Now she had to give Timothy a nudge so he wouldn't hesitate to do anything for her.
	And she must have some chips that could make him obedient.
	"Risky? Everything is risky. The riskier it is, the larger gains it would be." Sophie sat down beside him. "So, I'm going to give you a surprise gift."
	"What gift?" Sophie then put his palm on her abdomen.
	Sophie smiled from the corner of her lips, and her eyes were full of smile. Timothy felt that something had sprouted in his heart.
	"Can you feel it?" Sophie asked him with a smile.
	Timothy twitched his lips. "What do you mean?"
	"Timothy, you're going to be a father, and this is our baby." Sophie revealed the answer and confirmed what Timothy had in his mind.
	Timothy felt an inexplicable ecstasy surge from the soles of his feet to his brain, and he could not hide his excitement.
	He suddenly hugged Sophie tightly but lightly, afraid of hurting Sophie and the child.
	"I'm going to be a father?" Timothy was very happy.
	If it was before, he wouldn't recognize the child if there were any women pregnant with his baby. He would even give them money to have an abortion.
	In his mind, having children before he got tired of enjoying his life was a burden, and those women were just his sex partners, not worthy of having his children.
	When he had a crush on Sophie, he was thinking that one day he would get her and let her conceive his child.
	He was so happy that his wish had come true.
	No woman would be willing to be with him or conceive his child after he was down and out. It would be extremely difficult for him to have a child.
	And Sophie's gift was really a surprise to him.
	"Is the surprise worth the risk?" Seeing that Timothy was so happy, Sophie knew she got the right chip.
	Timothy released Sophie from his arms, looked at her in the eye, and grabbed her arm. "Sophie, is this baby really mine? You haven't lied to me?"
	"Why do I lie to you?" Sophie asked him.
	"Swear. Swear that you didn't lie to me." Timothy pushed her.
	"What? You believe the swearing stuff?" Sophie chuckled at his ridiculous behavior.
	"How can you prove that this child is mine and not Sky's?" Timothy was not too silly. "I would love to have a baby now, but I would never be a dad and raise someone else's bastard!"
	Sophie immediately held up three fingers and said with a look of sincerity, "I swear that if this baby isn't Timothy's, then I'm going to be killed as soon as I..."
Chapter 275 To Prove That the Child Is Mine
	Timothy hastily covered her mouth, and looked gloomy, "No, it will harm the child!"
	Sophie took off his hand. "What do you want me to do?" she asked helplessly.
	"You're asking me to take the risk, so you have to make sure that the baby is mine, or I won't take the risk." Timothy had to let her know his bottom line, "If I die, I have to be sure that I have a descendant."
	"What are you talking about? I'm sure you'll be all right." Sophie took his arm and rested her head on his shoulder. "I'm not asking you to kill someone. What are you afraid of? Besides, I don't believe Bright would be with Rose if she has been ruined by other men."
	"Just take me as an example. Sky not only didn't stand up for me, but also kicked me out of the Tanner family and divorced me. This is the reality, and the family of upper class cares about the face. Would the Lee family, a notable family among the notables, accept a woman who is dirty and messy?"
	"Bright and the Lee family can't wait to get rid of her, let alone not to stand up for her. The Lee family won't make itself as a joke. So, you can rest assured. I am your woman now, and I am pregnant with your baby. How can I harm you?"
	"As long as you deal with Rose, the three of us will live a good life together, and I will take good care of you in the future. Is that okay, Timothy?"
	Sophie's voice and eyes were so soft that it made people unable to refuse her.
	Timothy had been thinking about having Sophie all the time. Now his dream had come true and she was pregnant, which made him even happier.
	His only concern was whether the child was his?
	He had few sexes with Sophie, but she and Sky were husband and wife, and they were spending the nights every day. There was a higher chance that the child was Sky's, so he suspected it.
	What's more, Sophie had abandoned by the Linder family and the Lee family, and lived on her own, so her resentment toward Rose had grown.
	She wanted to get back at Rose, so she asked him for his help. He was afraid she was just taking advantage of him.
	"You are saying the nice things, but I have to know that this baby is one hundred percent mine, otherwise, I won't risk it." Timothy kept his last bit of sanity.
	"You don't believe me? So why do you say you love me? It's a lie, isn't it? All you want is to have sex with me!" Sophie was a little angry.
	"This has nothing to do with whether I love you or not. I want to prove that the child is mine." Again, Timothy emphasized, "What am I if it's Sky's?"
	"This baby is not Sky's! You know he is in poor health, and he seldom touches me when I am with him. Only with you can I feel the true happiness of being a woman!" Sophie softened her tone again.
	She couldn't afford to piss off Timothy, except that she found a suitable person to help her.
	"I believe in science. I want to see the hospital's evaluation." Timothy was determined.
	Sophie felt headache. "I have to give birth the baby before you have the test."
	"Well, then after the child is born, have him tested. As soon as the report proves that the child is mine, I will do what you ask me to." Timothy didn't want to take risks in vain.
	"It is still months away. I can't wait that long! I want to see Rose to be abandoned right now!" It was as if there was a fire burning in Sophie's heart, and it would not be calmed until Rose lost everything.
	Timothy frowned at her suffering look.
	"How about this. After I give birth to this child, I will be pregnant with yours again." Sophie tried to negotiate with him. "You have to believe me. This baby is yours. We had it at the time when you had sex with me after I was drugged. Don't you believe that you are much stronger that that weak Sky?"
	Timothy didn't seem to be listening to her. He picked up his phone and searched for something.
	Seeing that he did not pay attention to her, she got up immediately, "OK, if you don't want to help me, then I will find someone else who is willing to help me. Even if I sell myself again and again, I will make Rose live a miserable life!"
	Timothy grabbed her hand. "Sit down."
	Sophie didn't sit down, but pulled away from him. "Why should I stay if you don't help me?"
	"I checked that the fetus can do paternity test. When you are pregnant for 4 months, you can test the DNA in amniotic fluid. You're pregnant for four months now. We don't have to wait that long." Timothy showed what he had searched to Sophie, "Sophie, if you're serious about living with me and giving me a baby, then we should do the test right away."
	Sophie touched her lower abdomen. She was silent for a long time before she nodded.
	But for some reason her tears welled up her eyes.
	In fact, whether the child was Sky's or Timothy's, she knew better than anyone else. The reason why she did not want to do the test was just to deceive herself for a longer period of time, but the time had come.
	Timothy stood up and held Sophie in his arms. "Don't be afraid. I will always be with you."
	"Okay..." Sophie gripped his shirt, nodding in his arms.
	"Sky, from now on, you and I are set apart." thought Sophie.
	At this time, Sky was already sitting on the flight to City Y. He had struggled for a long time before making such a decision.
	After he knew the truth, he also thought not to disturb Rose, because she was living a wonderful life now, but he could not help the strong desire to meet her. He felt guilty for what he had done to her and wanted to make things clear with her face to face, so he left City H.
	After Sky arrived at City H, he took a bus to Tinhau Town, which was situated on the edge of City Y. There were many high mountains and dense forests here, and the hustle and bustle existed only in the town.
	Rose's grandfather's home was in a village in Tinhau Town. Sky only went there once. It was when Rose was 16 years old, and they came here during the winter vacation.
	Sky took the truck and finally arrived at the destination. He gave the money to the villagers who gave him a ride. The man told him to turn left at the end of the road, and the Young family was where there was a huge and tall Ficus virens.
	Sky thanked that kind villager, and then walked to the Young family according to that what the villager said.
	Outside the door, he could see the flourishing and tall Ficus virens, but after nine years, it grew taller and bigger than he imagined.
	Standing in front of the door, Sky was a little nervous and timid.
Chapter 276 A Man from a Big City
	Sky knew that if he knocked on the door, he would see Rose.
	Before he decided to come here, he was full of enthusiasm, with only one idea in his heart that he wanted to see her immediately. But he did not have that impulse after he was close at hand with her.
	He was afraid that Rose would not want to see him and would not forgive him. He himself did not have the face to meet her and ask for forgiveness.
	He was a complete jerk!
	Sky slowly withdrew the hand that was about to knock on the door, and then turned and walked away.
	He dressed casually, carrying a black backpack, with a black luggage in his hand, and then left silently.
	Sky had not gone far before he heard a familiar laughter.
	He hurried to a corner and hid, poking his head out to look at Rose's grandfather, Rose, and Doris, who were coming back down the path.
	They might have gone to the farm, as they had picked some vegetables back, talking and laughing happily.
	Sky had not seen Rose laughing so heartedly for a long time, as if she had returned to when she was 16. How much he missed that time. They were so young and sweet by then, but finally they had lost to the reality and Sophie's scheming mind.
	Sky clenched his hand and felt his eyes sore.
	"We're home at last." Doris said in a childlike voice.
	Grandpa unlocked the door, pushed it open, and the three entered, one after the other, and then they shut the door.
	Sky looked at the closed door for a while, slowly unclenched his fist, and then left.
	By now it was too late to go back to the county and find a place to live, and Sky didn't plan to leave here.
	He found a house not far away, which was just across the street from the Young family. There were fields and some fish ponds around here, and Sky could see Rose's and grandpa's activities.
	"Auntie, I am going to stay here for about a week. I will give you some money." Sky then took out three thousand from his wallet and gave it to a fat woman.
	Sky knew that cash was often used in the countryside, so he brought some with him.
	The fat woman was joyful when she saw so much money, "That's a lot. You've only been here for a few days, and our conditions are just so-so... I... I charge you fifteen hundred."
	She counted the money and wanted to give the other fifteen hundred back to Sky. Sky refused to accept it, saying, "I still need something to eat these days. So, I might trouble you. Please just accept it."
	Seeing that Sky was so generous, the fat woman did not return the money back, "Well, then I will accept it. Mr. Tanner, if you need anything, just let me know. Have a good rest."
	"Thank you."
	After seeing off the fat woman Sky looked around at the environment here.
	He stayed in the biggest room on the second floor. It was simple, but clean. It was far from the big house in the city, but it was worth it as he could be so close to Rose.
	He stood by the window, looking in the direction of the Young family, hoping to see Rose.
	Rose helped Doris take a bath and then changed the clothes. Grandfather had already killed the fish when she came out.
	"Doris, we're having fish today. Do you like it?" Grandpa washed the fish and then put it into a small basin.
	"Yes, Grandpa's cooking skill is so great that I feel I have gained weight." Doris touched her face with her hands. "Mom, do you think Dougie will still remember me when I go back?"
	"He has to record albums, hold concerts, shoot commercials, and has a variety of shows... He is so busy. Would he have time to see you?" Rose damped her daughter's enthusiasm.
	Doris sighed with frustration. "I'm afraid brother Dougie has already forgotten me because he's so busy."
	Doris reached into her lapel and pulled out the necklace Dougie had given her. Her fingers ran over the letters on the pendant, and she felt her heart ache.
	"All right." Rose reached out and rubbed her hair. "If he forgets you, he won't forget this necklace. He must always remember his own things."
	"Yes, if he forgets me, I will show him this necklace, and he will surely remember me." Doris smiled again.
	Children changed so fast. Doris looked gloomy a second ago, but then she was happy a moment later.
	Rose looked at Doris and sighed that it was so great to be a child. The annoyance lasted only two seconds and then disappeared.
	But adults were always upset by the annoyance and couldn't sleep well and eat well.
	Rose looked up at the sky and thought of Bright in the distance. How was he? Was he angry that she had been gone these days? What was on his mind when he found that her phone had turned off?
	Had he been utterly disappointed by her? Had he signed the divorce agreement? Were they already strangers now?
	Too many questions collided in her heart.
	Oh...
	"Mom, I miss Daddy. I want to call Daddy." Doris tugged at the hem of Rose's dress, drawing her mind back.
	Rose squatted down and took Doris's little hand. "You can't get a cell phone here. Doris has to keep her missing in heart."
	"When are we going home? I'm afraid Dad can't take care of himself when he's alone at home." Doris was worried.
	Well, it was said that daughter is the father's lover in the last life. That seemed to be true. She started to miss her father when she just left home for two days.
	"Dad is an adult. He'll take care of himself. And there's Mr. Bill and an aunt at home. Don't worry." Rose calmed Doris. "Mom, did you have quarrels with Dad?" Children were sensitive, and Doris was no exception.
	"How come?" Rose was nervous when asked, "Mom hasn't seen Grandpa for many years, and it's the first time for you to meet Grandpa. Shall we spend time with him?"
	"Yes." Doris nodded knowingly.
	"Then go and help grandfather." Rose took Doris's hand and went to the kitchen.
	Rose and Doris lit the fire for Grandpa. Grandpa cooked the fish on the stove. Soon the smell of cooking fish filled the room.
	"Wow, it smells good." Doris sniffed the rich aroma and licked her lips, like a greedy kitten.
	"You are drooling. Hurry to wash your hands, and dinner is ready." Grandpa smiled at Doris.
	"Great."
	Just as they were about to have dinner, someone knocked at the door.
	Grandfather wiped his hand and then answered the door. Rose and Doris stood nearby. It was the neighbor, Arya.
	"Mr. Wilfred, do you have visitors? I can smell the fish you cooked." Arya smiled.
	"No." Grandfather shook his head.
	"I saw a handsome man standing by your house today, dressed like he's from an urban area."
Chapter 277 I Will Never Forgive You
	Grandpa was in a maze, not knowing who Arya was talking about.
	He looked back at Rose and Doris not far behind him and thought it might have something to do with them. After all, he had lived in the country for so many years and had never seen anyone from an urban city come to see him.
	Rose stood still, paler than before.
	When she heard Arya's description, she thought the man might be Bright.
	Did he really come here? Did he come to see her?
	If he had come looking for her, why hadn't he knocked at the door? Or did he feel regret to come here, so he went away again?
	Countless questions flooded in Rose's mind, making she feel upset.
	"He is very young, and prettier than anyone in our village." Arya smiled happily, as if the man was her guest.
	"We really didn't have any visitors. You might find the wrong place." continued Grandfather.
	"Mr. Wilfred, don't hide it." Arya said as she peered in the house, "I just want to know if he got married or not. My daughter Ciara hasn't had a boyfriend. Could you fix her up?"
	Doris let go of Rose's hand, ran up to Arya and asked, "The man you are talking about should be my father. That's his wife. I'm his daughter. Is your daughter going to marry him? Then she would be a mistress. The reputation is bad here, isn't it?"
	Doris gave a barrage of criticism, which made Arya speechless. It was such a humiliation to be scolded by a child.
	"He... He might not be your father. He might be some relative of the Young family." Arya looked for other excuses, "and children can't recognize every man for dad. That's not good."
	Arya meant more than she said. It meant that if every man was your father, then you mother could be every man's wife.
	Although Doris could not understand what he meant, but grandpa's face was gloomy. He said in a very displeasing way, "Arya, you are not welcome here, please go away."
	After that, grandpa impolitely shut the door behind him.
	Arya hadn't had time to respond and always hit on the door.
	She had a lingering fear, and said discontentedly, "What's so proud about? It is just some relative from the city."
	Grandfather ignored Arya shouting outside the door, and held Doris back. When he passed Rose, he said, "Don't take it to heart."
	"Don't worry, Grandpa. I don't care about it." Rose followed him into the main room.
	The three of them sat down at a square table in the main room and began to eat.
	Grandpa took the meat from the belly of the fish and put it in Doris's bowl. The meat was free of thorns, which was suitable for children, and they would not get stuck by the thorns.
	Grandfather gave some to Rose, "Have some more fish. The fish in my pond tastes better."
	"Grandpa, you should have some, too." Rose and her daughter put some food to Grandpa.
	After they finished eating, Rose took Doris out for a walk down the field path.
	On the opposite floor, Sky saw the figures of them when they went out. Standing at the window, his eyes followed Rose's figure all the time, with some expectation in his eyes.
	He looked at Rose, but he did not dare to go forward. He laughed at his own timidity.
	His hands clenched the window edge, the palm was cut by the window edge but he didn't feel any pain.
	He didn't know how to face Rose. He didn't have the courage to meet her and he wasn't ready.
	Rose took her daughter out for a walk for half an hour, and then they got home. When the door closed, he could see nothing.
	Rose, of course, did not know that someone was watching her.
	Back home, Rose helped her grandfather to collect the things that had been hung out to dry. After chatting for a while, she took Doris to wash and go to bed.
	Rose leaned against the bed, looking sideways at Doris and reading her daughter a bedtime story, while Doris lay flat with her panda doll in her arms and listened to her mother's gentle voice.
	"Well, that's the end of the story." Rose lay down, held Doris in her arms. "Baby, close your eyes and go to sleep."
	Doris still opened her eyes wide after she listened to the story. "Mom, I can't sleep."
	"Why can't you sleep?" Rose asked.
	"I... I miss Dad again." Doris pouted her pink little mouth. "Mom, don't you miss Dad at all?"
	Rose felt the tears welling up in her eyes as Doris mentioned this.
	She suppressed her upset in the heart and closed her eyes without answering Doris.
	"Mom, Dad must miss us, too. Your cell phone is broken and Dad can't call us. He's going to be very anxious. I think we should call Dad." Doris said to herself, but she didn't get a response. "Mom..."
	She turned her small head and looked at Rose, who was asleep with her eyes closed. She called her twice, but still got no response.
	"Mom, are you asleep?" Doris's eyes were filled with loss.
	Seeing that her mom didn't respond to her, Doris closed her eyes gradually. Rose opened her eyes when she heard the even and soft breathing sound.
	Looking at Doris's lovely sleeping face, her eyes filled with pain and sadness.
	She felt sad for what she did for Doris and for Bright.
	Rose leaned over and kissed Doris between her eyes, tears wetting her long eyelashes.
	"Dad..." Doris called Bright in her sleep. Then she rolled over and put her little hands around Rose's neck.
	Rose did not sleep well that night. She had too many thoughts on her mind.
	In the dream, she held on to Bright and begged, "Honey, I'm sorry. Please forgive me..."
	Bright's eyes were cold and fierce. "Rose, I will never forgive you. I will never forgive you in my life. I'm not the tool you need to save other men! I will never forget the shame you have brought to me!"
	Bright shook off her hand so violently that Rose stumbled and fell to the ground.
	Bright turned and walked away, never looking back.
	Rose looked at his retreating figure, tears streaming down her face. She said sadly, "Honey, don't..."
	She reached out to catch him but failed.
	She gritted her teeth to stand up and ran after him, but out of nowhere a big van came straight by and hit her.
	She felt she was being held high and thrown to the floor heavily. Her bones were broken as she lay on the ground, blood spat out from her mouth, and the ground was full of blood...
	Sophie appeared in front of her with a haughty, mocking smile. "Rose, this is what you get for cheating and exploiting others! You deserve it! You'll go to hell!"
Chapter 278 I Was Surprised to Meet You
	"Ah..." Rose woke up with a start.
	When she opened her eyes, her fair forehead was covered with sweat, her chest heaved and her breathing was heavy.
	Rose looked out of the window. It was already dawn.
	She sat up, feeling frightened. The dream was so real that it made her feel terrible when she woke up, as if she were still trapped in the same nightmare.
	Bright wouldn't forgive her... She knew that no man wouldn't give her a chance, let alone Bright.
	She felt timid to face him more and more.
	Rose looked at Doris beside her. She opened her eyes, too. The black and white eyes stared at her, "Mom, did you have a nightmare?"
	"Baby, did I wake you? I'm sorry." Rose took two deep breaths to calm herself down.
	"Don't be afraid, Mom. Doris and Daddy are here, we'll protect you." Doris stood up and hugged Rose, and gently patted her on the back. "It's just a dream, don't be afraid..."
	Rose hugged Doris and said, "Mom is not afraid with you here."
	And then Rose and Doris got up. Grandpa had warmed the breakfast in the wok.
	There were steamed buns, millet gruel, dried radish... The smell of the food aroused their appetite.
	Rose and Doris ate contentedly and cleaned up after the meal.
	"Mom, let's go find grandpa." Doris helped her mother to dry the dishes.
	"Good." Rose nodded. "Let's help Grandpa plant the vegetables."
	"We are good children who love working."
	Rose and Doris went out to find Grandpa in the fields and helped him plant vegetables.
	Rose kept herself busy so that she wouldn't think about the things she didn't want to think about or face.
	She spent the days like this for several days. When she was busy and tired, she would have a foot bath after diner and then went to bed. Only in this way could she have a good sleep and didn't have nightmare.
	On this day, some news was spread across the village, "Have you heard about it? There is a handsome young man from the big city at Ms. Fatty's. I heard he's rich... and very generous."
	"Why do the rich people in the big city like us in the backcountry? The girls here are not as good-looking as those in the city. I don't know what they are looking for..."
	"You don't understand their mind. Although we are poor in the countryside, the air is fresh and the meat and vegetables are healthy. When the people are tired of living in the big city, they could come here to relax..."
	"Arya is ready to go to the Ms. Fatty's to ask for the marriage for her daughter when she heard the news."
	"Would the rich man hit on her daughter?"
	"She is jealous that Ms. Bell's daughter married in a big city and got a lot of bride price. She was really obsessed with money."
	Doris, who was playing around, also heard this. She ran to those gossipy aunts and inquired, "Ms. Flower, where does Ms. Fatty's live?"
	"Aren't you a city dweller, little Doris? Why are you interested in the city comer?"
	"Ms. Flower, I am just curious, and want to see whether Arya could succeed."
	"How naughty you are..." Ms. Flower tapped the end of her nose, "Come on, I'll take you there. I am going to stop by."
	"Thank you, Ms. Flower. You are the kindest and most beautiful woman of the whole village. You're prettier than that Ciara. Don't steal her thunder when you get there." Doris bragged.
	Hearing this, Ms. Flower felt sweet and pleased.
	She took Doris and went to Ms. Fatty's home. At that time, Arya stopped Sky at Ms. Fatty's, saying, "Did you get married? Would you like to see my daughter? This is my daughter Ciara. You will love it."
	Sky did not expect that people in the village would be so open to talk about marriage the first time they met.
	"I'm married," he said, not even looking at the photograph in her hand.
	Arya was lost when she heard that the man was married, but she didn't give up, "Do you have some friends that are single? You can introduce to my daughter. I will thank you very much."
	"No." Sky got tired of being asked, "Please get out of the way, I'm leaving."
	Sky did not have the courage to see Rose, and he had been staying here for several days, so he had to go back to work.
	After refusing her, Sky carried a bag and walked over her, who chased after him, "Oh, don't leave. We haven't finished talking."
	"Arya, don't embarrass him." The fat woman couldn't stand it and dissuaded her.
	She didn't expect that the news of Sky's living in her family would spread out, and it was known by Arya. So, she came here to stop Sky, trying to marry her daughter to him.
	Sky paused at the door and even took a step back.
	Arya thought Sky changed his mind. "I knew you would change your mind, see..."
	At this time, she saw Ms. Flower holding Doris into the yard and felt displeased. "Ms. Flower, I grab the chance first. Don't get in the way."
	"Arya, even without me, you can't succeed." Ms. Flower looked at her with disdain, and then she looked at Sky, "The man from the city in indeed handsome."
	"Ms. Flower, you have agreed not to grab Ciara's man!"
	"I didn't."
	"How could you do this! I came here first!"
	"What's the use you came here first? Ciara is not here. I arrive first."
	"You..."
	"Stop arguing, both of you. He's married." It was little Doris, who had been watching Sky, and said, "You have no chance."
	"Kid, don't talk nonsense." Arya didn't take her words to heart and said, "You are not going to find a man for your Mom, right?"
	"My Mom has my Dad." Doris gave Arya a sharp look that made her tremble and she did not dare to say anything.
	"Doris." Sky called Doris, who was angry.
	"Uncle, what are you doing here?" Doris always thought that the man from the big city was her father, but to her surprise, it was Sky.
	"Uncle?"
	Several people were shocked that they should know each other, and they were relatives.
	"I..." Sky did not know how to answer her.
	"You're not coming to see my mother, are you?" Doris guessed it right.
	Sky's heart beat fast and looked into Doris' innocent eyes, but he lied, "I just came out to relax. I was surprised at meeting you."
Chapter 279 I'm here to See You
	"Oh. That is indeed a coincidence." Doris did not doubt it as Sky did not have any reason to look for them. "Are you alone? Isn't my aunt with you?"
	Doris didn't know much story about them. She just felt that her aunt and uncle didn't like her Mom.
	"No." Sky shook his head. In front of everyone, he could not say that he and Sophie had already divorced.
	"My mother and I are here to find Grandpa. We have been here for more than a week." Although Doris didn't understand some of the things that happened between adults, she thought that Sky wasn't really a bad guy.
	But Sophie... she thought she was a bad person. That was her intuition.
	"Are you leaving?" Doris saw that he was carrying a backpack and a bag.
	"Yes. I've been out for several days. I still have work to do, so I have to go back." Sky looked at Doris and thought that his life was saved by the umbilical cord blood of the little girl. He felt that this fate narrowed the distance between them and made him feel that she was very kind.
	"Are you not going to see my mother before you leave?" Doris asked him.
	"I... No." Sky put down the black bag in his hand and squatted down in front of Doris. "May I hug you?"
	"Huh?" Doris felt surprised for a moment.
	"Just want to hug you." said Sky.
	"Yes. Go ahead, then." Doris agreed and took a step forward.
	Sky reached out his long arm and held Doris in his arms. He felt the feeling of holding this small girl in his arms.
	The empty cold embrace was filled with this warm little Doris. There was a very fulfilling feeling, which made him very happy.
	That was how it felt when you had a child. It was sweet and warm.
	Doris did not move and allowed Sky to hold her until he released her.
	He looked at Doris with a gentle, indulgent look. He caressed her hair gently, and wore a warm smile.
	"Thank you." Sky looked at her big black and white eyes and thanked her in his heart for saving him.
	"You're welcome." Doris shook her head. "I don't like my aunt as I don't think she's a good person, but I don't think my uncle is like her."
	"In fact, I am not a good person, because I once hurt a person, very deeply." Sky sounded guilty, and he looked regretful.
	"Now that you know you're wrong, go and make up for it. Ask for forgiveness." Doris suggested.
	"Will she forgive me?" Sky looked at Doris's innocent face.
	"My mother says that as long as you sincerely apologize, the other person will feel your sincerity and forgive you. Even if you can't be forgiven, you've done your best and didn't feel regret." Doris tried to cheer Sky up like a little adult.
	Sky laughed as he listened to her milky voice cheering him up. Child's world was the purest and simplest, but he was no longer young, and had become sophisticated and hypocritical.
	How he wished time could go back to the past, back to the days when he felt carefree and could hold Rose's hand to do everything they wanted.
	But time never ticked back. It was fair to anyone, but cruel.
	Sky's eyes were gradually filled with bitterness. Everything was gone, and the past was the past.
	"Uncle, are you crying?" Doris put up her hand and touched the corner of his eye.
	"Sand has fallen into my eyes." Sky blinked his eyes twice, forcing the tears back, but his eyes were still red, "I have to go now."
	Sky got up again, picked up the bag beside him and walked past Doris.
	Doris just quietly watched Sky's back until he walked out of the door.
	Ms. Flower took Doris by her hand and asked, "Is he really your uncle?"
	"Of course. His wife is my mother's sister." Doris deliberately said, "Some people's dreams have gone bust."
	Arya knew Doris was talking about her. She twitched her lips, unable to say anything, and then left in anger.
	"Your aunt should be very beautiful. Look how beautiful your mother is."
	"My mother is the beauty for sure, but my aunt is far away from my mother." Doris said proudly. Mother was always the most beautiful one in the eyes of children.
	"Ms. Flower, let's go." Doris held on to her. "Ms. Flower, you are so beautiful. You could find a nice girl in the future."
	"How sweet you are." Ms. Flower and Doris went out of Ms. Fatty's.
	They didn't go far before they saw Rose coming, and Sky stood still.
	Rose saw Doris was missing, so she asked the villagers who were talking together just now. She knew that Doris was brought to Ms. Fatty's home by Ms. Flower, so she came over and unexpectedly, she met Sky who had just walked out.
	Rose was shocked She did not expect to bump into Sky here.
	Sky originally wanted to see Rose, but he did not dare to see her, so he hid from her. Unexpectedly, he met her here.
	They met each other by chance, and other of them were in astonishment.
	They stood in the field path, a few meters away from each other. They just looked at each other silently.
	When Doris saw Rose, she let go of her hand and ran up to Rose, "Mom."
	"Why are you running around. You worried me." Rose wrapped her arms around her daughter's shoulders.
	"I am with Ms. Flower. You can rest assured." Doris got along well with the villagers during her stay here. She was very popular and everyone liked her.
	Rose touched her head. "You should tell Mom before you went anywhere."
	"I see." Doris looked at Sky, "Mom, I met Uncle here, so he is a single urban man. Arya wanted to marry her daughter Ciara to Uncle."
	"Children shouldn't mind these businesses. Besides, it is his freedom." Rose whispered to Doris, then looked at Sky, "Why are you here? You are for relaxing or for travel?"
	Rose was very generous and took the initiative to say hello to Sky.
	"I..." Sky was still hesitating about whether to say what was in his heart. He looked at the light smile on Rose's face. There were mixed feelings in her eyes, but it seemed that she had let go of the past and move on. This was what a mature person should like. "I am looking for you, Rose."
Chapter 280 I Don't Need Your Thanks
	Sky finally summoned up the courage to speak out the purpose of being here. He was here to find Rose.
	The soft wind brought the words "I am looking for you, Rose." to Rose, who still kept her smile, "What did Mr. Tanner look for me for? But please call me Miss Linder."
	The dear name of Rose was no longer suitable for him to address, so Rose corrected him.
	"There's something I want to ask you, and there is something I want to say to you." Sky looked serious. But his eyes got tender as he looked at Rose, not as cold and gloomy as before.
	"I don't think there's anything else we can say." Rose ignored the tenderness in his eyes and kept the distance they should have.
	"Rose, just spare some time with me." Sky fought for the chance after being rejected.
	"Let's start by calling me Miss Linder." Rose insisted.
	"Fine." Sky could only compromise, "This is not a good place to talk. Can we go to another place?"
	"Come with me." Rose led Doris back.
	Doris looked back at Sky, "Uncle, hurry up."
	Although Sky used to be ice-cold towards Rose, Doris thought it was not as bad as Sophie's attitude, and she had a special feeling towards Sky, a kind of cordial feeling, a little similar to her father, but not her father.
	In Doris's heart, there was no substitute for Bright.
	Sky nodded at her, and then quickened his pace to close the distance between them.
	Doris looked up at Rose and said, "Mom, is my Uncle going with us to my great-grandfather's?"
	"You're going to annoy your brother Dougie by talking too much." Rose touched the tip of her nose with her finger.
	Doris closed her mouth and stopped talking.
	In fact, they had no place to go, so Rose had to take Sky to her grandfather's.
	Grandfather, who had just come out to see if Rose had found Doris, not only saw Rose and Doris return, but also saw a man following them.
	"Grandfather." Doris let go of Rose's hand and ran to Grandpa.
	Rose and Sky arrived at the door one by one, and Grandfather looked at Sky up and down.
	Sky greeted him and said first, "Grandpa, I haven't seen you for many years. You are still so energetic."
	"Are you..." Grandfather looked at him carefully, thinking.
	"I'm Sky. I came to you with Rose nine years ago during the summer vacation. Do you remember?" Sky wanted to remind Grandpa of the past.
	Grandfather suddenly recalled that. "I remember that summer you came with Rose. At that time, her grandmother was still alive. She loved to eat fried luffa, and she cooked it for you every day."
	His eyes darkened at the mention of grandma.
	"Yeah, Grandma is now..." Sky also found grandpa was lost, and there was a bad feeling in the heart.
	"She was dead for three years." Grandpa signed, caressing Doris's hair, "She didn't have the luck to Rose and you get married and have a kid." he said.
	Rose's face fell, "Grandpa, he and I are not what you think we are."
	"Grandpa, my mother and Uncle didn't get married and they didn't have kids." Doris also corrected Grandpa's statements.
	A trace of shock flashed by Grandfather's eyes, and looked at Rose and Sky. "You... You're not married? Doris is not your child either?"
	Although Rose, aged 16, and Sky, aged 18, didn't confirm their relationship at that time, they had secretly fallen in love with each other. Moreover, the elders could see that their relationship was very intimate, which was beyond the ordinary childhood friendship, and they were more like lovers.
	Grandfather naturally could see through their mind. He thought they would get married and gave birth to a child and then lived a happy life. But he didn't expect that things turned out like this.
	"Grandpa, of course I am not my Uncle's child. My father is Bright." Doris looked smug and proud when spoke of her father.
	Grandpa was disappointed again. The exciting light in his eyes had dimmed. Looking at Rose and Sky, he shook his head helplessly.
	Rose's face showed no expression, while Sky's eyes fell on Rose's face, and then withdrew his gaze in two seconds.
	"What did you call him?" Grandpa asked Doris, pointing to Sky.
	"I call him Uncle." repeated Doris.
	"What's going on? Grandpa felt a little confused.
	"His wife is my mother's younger sister, who is also your granddaughter, so Uncle is your grandson-in-law." Doris smiled brightly.
	"Grandpa, I'm sorry." Sky was ashamed.
	"You haven't done me anything wrong. This is between you guys. I'm too old to worry about it." My grandfather took Doris by the hand, looking sulky. "Doris, let's go in."
	Grandfather took Doris into the house, while Rose and Sky were still standing by the door.
	When Rose saw her grandfather taking Doris away, she said, "What are you going to ask me?"
	"I'm sorry, Rose." Sky looked at her clear eyes, and apologized sincerely.
	"What do you mean?" Rose wondered why he had suddenly come here to apologize.
	"I know all about it." Sky's throat stiffened, each word poked himself very painful, "I have known the truth five years ago. You gave birth to Doris and saved me with umbilical cord blood, but I was misled by Sophie and misunderstood you, hurt you, betrayed you... I'm sorry, Rose."
	"I know it is too late, but it's better than never. Rose, I am such a fool to know, until recently, that you sacrificed so much for me... Rose, will you forgive me?"
	Listening to what Sky said, Rose was petrified to the spot.
	She didn't want to let Sky know the truth, nor did she need his apology. But how did he know that?
	Sophie couldn't have told him. She wouldn't have pushed herself into the abyss, so who would it be?
	"I'm not the one who saved you." Rose denied it. She just wanted to say goodbye to what happened five years ago and did not want to remember it again.
	"Rose, you can't fool me." Sky took down the backpack, took out a file bag from inside and handed it to her, "It's very clear here. The umbilical cord blood was what you gave Sophie to save me!"
	Rose did not take the file. She knew she couldn't escape it. "Well, what if I saved you? I don't need you to thank me."
Chapter 281 Stop Bothering Me Again
	Rose felt calm without any mood swings. It seemed as if she had had nothing to do with it.
	And even the pain vanished that she was betrayed and hurt after she decided to sell herself and tried all her efforts to save Sky's life five years ago.
	"Rose...I know I did something hurtful to you and I failed to understand your efforts and to trust you absolutely. I was deceived by Sophie. I'm a fool..."
	"Rose, I know I'm not the one who deserves your forgiveness, as neither do I forgive myself. But I still want to say that at the moment when I know the truth, I've already made my decision to do everything to make up my mistakes and your sacrifice as well."
	"Rose, I still want to insist on it even if you may refuse..."
	Staring at Rose's detached face, Sky was feeling a grab on his heart, and such piercing pain gave him no way to breathe. He said, "Rose, please give me a chance to atone for my wrong deeds. I just want a chance and comfort myself."
	"Mr. Tanner, just let it go. I don't care it anymore, so I think this chance is unnecessary. And you shouldn't stay here. You'd better go back." It was beyond Rose' expectation that Sky would come from afar to explain to her.
	"I won't." Sky suddenly became as self-willed as a kid, "I won't leave without your agreement."
	"Mr. Tanner, it was of my own will to save your life and no one forced me to do that. And it's because I had so much confidence in other people that I received nothing but Sophie's betrayal and this was none of your business. As I said, just let it go. I don't care anything about it anymore, so you don't have to worry about it either. Our relationship was cut long ago." Rose always kept a distance with the man.
	Sky still persistently strove to get close to her. Rose's emotionless words stabbed into his heart like a knife. Was there really no chance for them to get back together?
	"But after I know the truth, those memories of our past keep lingering on my mind."
	"If you can't really get these things out of your mind, then you can just consider me as the kind of woman who you think I should be, and those who will leave you alone when you in lethal danger. Perhaps it may make you feel much more relieved." Rose would rather make herself bad than get entangled in the past with him.
	It made no sense for them to think about what happened five years ago. The time had passed and everything had changed. Nothing could be discussed.
	"Rose..." Sky was so surprised, "You'd rather choose to continue my hatred to you than give me a chance to make up for you? You really hate me that much?"
	"I don't hate you." Rose told him the truth in sincerity, "Actually I did feel resentful, unresigned and heartbroken at the very beginning...but it's been five years since then and everything has gone. And you can see as well that I have a happy and satisfactory family and I am now living in such a happy life that I can't spare any time to think about those things."
	"Rose, it's I that ruined our happiness." Sky was eaten up by regrets and said, "We should have had a happy life if Sophie had not dug a pit for us."
	"There is no 'if', so stop being persistent, Mr. Tanner. Just live our own happy lives." Rose persuaded.
	"There is no chance for me and Sophie getting back together after I know the truth that she deliberately intrigued you and schemed against me five years ago...she made me lose my lover...how can I lead a happy life with her? She owes me my happiness!" Sky became a little bit emotional and completely showed his hatred to Sophie.
	"She got me into such mess and I will never ever forgive her! So I will divorce her once the right time comes! I will absolutely get this shameless and vicious woman out of being my wife!"
	Sky gnashed his teeth in hatred when mentioning Sophie.
	Rose just dropped her eyes, showing her long and brush-like eyelashes, "I can understand what you're feeling at this moment, but time is the best cure. As time passes by, you will realize that all love and hate will turn out to be nothing important. On the other hand, these are your matters. You don't have to tell me and I don't want to know either."
	Sky fixed his eyes on her and frowned, wondering that Rose had grown up and become more mature and rational. She was no longer the little girl who could see nothing but him anymore and her peace and emotionlessness was a clear proof of her getting away from him...Even if they are standing face to face now, he still couldn't feel the little girl once he had been with.
	Feeling heartbroken and sad, Sky desired to capture the girl who was fading away, but he could do nothing but indulge himself in overwhelming frustration and sadness.
	"Rose..." Sky sounded tremblingly with redness appearing on the rim of his eyes.
	His bitter look reminded Rose of the time when he had been hospitalized and she would rush to the hospital to visit him as long as she was available.
	And he would hold her hands tightly and asked her, "Rose, I'm getting sick like this now. Would you leave me alone?"
	"No, never." Rose answered in a smile.
	"Am I too selfish? If I die, you can choose to leave me." Sky was in his dismay at that moment.
	"You won't. Sky, trust me. I will save your life." Rose promised to him and held his hands as hard as she could and said, "You will be fine and you promise to marry me, so keep your words, or I'll never forgive you."
	"I love you, Rose." Sky's eyes were brimming with tears.
	Rose held his hand up and asked him, "Sky Tanner, wilt thou have this woman Rose Linder to be thy wedded wife and marry her? Wilt thou love her, take care of her, respect her, accept her and be faithful to her for better for worse, for richer for poorer, or for any others so long as you both shall live?"
	Sky looked at Rose who was also gazing at him with warmth and great expectation, and answered, "Yes, I will."
	And then he asked, "Rose Linder, wilt thou to have this man Sky Tanner to be thy wedded husband and marry him? Wilt thou love him, take care of him, respect him, accept him and be faithful to him for better for worse, for richer for poorer, or for any others so long as you both shall live?"
	"Yes, I will." Rose's eyes were glistening in tears at the moment of her answer.
	They didn't break up for diseases or life and death which, on the contrary, made them approach closer to each other. Ironically, they did because of lack of trust.
	Rose trusted too much in her sister and Sky didn't give Rose the slightest trust.
	They were too young to have a happy ending and both of them were victims.
	And they once had been in love with each other and broken up with grace and dignity, and that's what the relationship that had gone all about.
	"Mr. Tanner, do you really want to make anything up for me?" Rose asked.
	"As long as in my power, I will do it. No matter what will be waiting for me ahead, even if it will be at the cost of my life."
	"Fine. If this is what you want, then live your own life and stop bothering me again."
Chapter 282 Don't Make Fruitless Efforts
	What could be seen in Rose's eyes now was indifference and determination and she didn't want to accept any of Sky's kindness at all. Even if she had once been his little spoony girl, her resolve stayed still.
	She'd seen through everything to let all the past and missed gone. There was nothing to regret or lament, as it wouldn't make any difference to do that.
	They were supposed to keep such status and distance and it would be better for both of them.
	After observing the earnestness in Rose' eyes and listening to the determination in her words, Sky clearly felt that his faint hope was fading away, being anxious and painful.
	"Rose, why? I just want a chance to make up for you? Is it that hard?" Sky still tried hard to ask for a chance, while she still stood aloof, which made her request unacceptable for him.
	"I've already asked you to get out of my life and this is the acceptance that I've given to you." Rose, again, stressed her thought, "And stop making any fruitless efforts."
	"Perhaps it makes no sense for you, but for me, it does." Sky remained stubborn to insist on his idea, "You're my lifesaver and I should return with much favor. If it were not for your sacrifice, I would not be as healthy as I am. You give this life to me."
	"Though I can't do what you ask, I will try my best not to bother you. But I won't give up what I'm supposed to do. Your rejection doesn't represent my returns. Rose, those things that are meaningless for you are my reason to live on."
	Sky's clear words of sincerity showed his firm determination, despite her rejection.
	He would only do what he needed to do silently to make up for her.
	Rose was annoyed and slightly frowned at him, "Mr. Tanner, why? You don't owe me anything. You should remember that you also saved my life when we were young, so I did the same to you five years ago to thank you for your kind deeds."
	"So we've been even a long time ago and don't owe each other. You don't need to be stressful to have such thought. That's what I want to say and I have no more words for you, so Mr. Tanner, behave yourself."
	"Rose, I—" Sky was interrupted by someone who said, "Who are you?"
	Sky looked at the person who dressed up as a local. Because of his farming in the fields under the exposure to the weather, the man looked suntanned, with his special image of a rough and strong farmer.
	"Rose, this is one of the chickens I have raised. I captured one for you and Mr. Wilfred." Rose had no idea how many times Dudley Jonsen had come to the Young Family.
	In the last few days, he would always make some excuses to look for her, while she found no chemistry between them.
	"Dudley, we also have some here, so just keep it for yourself." Rose found it really hard to resist his passionate reception.
	"Mine is different from Mr. Wilfred's. No need to treat me with politeness." Dudley carried the chicken and showed it to Rose, "Just take it."
	"I don't, but we still have some here..." Dudley interrupted Rose again, "Mr. Wilfred is getting older and you look so thin and weak and you even need to take care of a little child...You don't know how to kill the chicken. I'll help you do that before I leave."
	"Dudley, don't bother." But he still did it on his own way in disregard of her rejection.
	He passed by Rose and Sky, pushed the door and went in.
	Rose frowned, following him to enter the house. Sky noticed her displeasure and followed as well.
	Dudley took the chicken to the manual well and told Rose who was following him, "Rose, take a cook chopper and a basin, and a kettle of boiled water as well."
	"Just put the chicken there and I can kill it myself." Sky voluntarily offered himself, wondering to help Rose to solve the problem.
	His words were doubted by the other two and they simultaneously asked him in reply, "Can you?"
	But Rose regretted asking the question and realized Sky's kindness to help her turn Dudley away.
	Indeed, she disliked Dudley very much, not because of his identification of a villager but of her intuition.
	After being informed that she would come back here, to put it mildly, Dudley came to visit her every day. Actually, he was just a stalker.
	He always showed his affection to her in his words indirectly. As he didn't make it clear, Rose could not flatter herself to turn him down.
	She also made it clear to him that she was married and had a daughter, but he seemed to care about nothing and didn't believe what she said, as he didn't see her husband.
	It really drove her crazy. Even if being a woman of culture, she really wanted to kick him out of this world.
	"It's easy." Sky passed his backpack and club bag to Rose and said, "Help me take these."
	Rose took the bags and looked at Sky who was putting off his coat, unbuttoning the sleeves and showing his strong forearms. However, his forearms were not as strong and dark as Dudley's, making Sky a toy boy in front of him.
	Actually in Dudley's eyes, Sky was indeed a toy boy, and that was why he was scornful of this weak man.
	"Look at you, pretty fair-skinned. And you are even in this white shirt. Do you city-dweller really know how to kill a chicken? I really want to see." Dudley was sneering, being ready to enjoy a play.
	Rose looked at Sky worriedly and what he was wearing was out of place, let alone his noble and outstanding figure. It was really hard to imagine such a man to hold up a cook chopper to kill a chicken...
	"You haven't seen me do it, of course you don't know I can. I will show you today." Sky observed her worry in her eyes.
	Rose thought Sky was pretending to be competent, but she couldn't expose his thought and said, "Wait for a second, I fetch you an apron to protect you from the blood."
	Rose turned around to the house, putting his bags on the bench in the living room.
	And then she came back with an apron, together with Wilfred and Doris.
	"Dudley, he's my granddaughter's husband, be nice to him." Wilfred was on Sky's side, "The supper has not been prepared, so we may not invite you to stay here. And you'd better take this chicken back in case that your mom is looking for you."
	"Mr. Wilfred, then I can kill this chicken to make a good dish and we can enjoy together." Dudley responded quickly.
Chapter 283 To Prove with Action
	"We have these foods," Wilfred said with a smile. "Thank you for your kindness. But take it back to your mother, lest your mother should say you gave it to outsiders than gave her. Besides, your mother feeds the chicken, doesn't she? Does she know you brought it to my house?"
	When he heard this, Dudley became flustered. "Wilfred," Dudley said, "My mother's things are mine, too. What's the difference?"
	"But you can't keep it from your mother, can you? Take it back to your mother." Wilfred picked the chicken up. "Come on, I'll walk you to the door."
	Dudley looked at Rose and wanted her to say something to keep him. Rose understood his mind, but she said, "Dudley, thank you, and good bye."
	Rose smiled and waved to him.
	At this time, Sky stood behind Rose, keeping close to her. He also smiled at Dudley and said, "Thank you and good bye."
	Dudley was deeply jealous when he looked at Sky and Rose standing together.
	"Mr. Wilfred, just stay home. Let Rose walk me home." Dudley had been "evicted" by them, so he had to leave, but he had something to say to Rose, and he made such an excuse.
	"Well, I will send you back, then." Rose agreed to walk Dudley back. It was not a big deal.
	But she pointed to the chicken in Grandpa's hand. "You'll have to take it yourself."
	Grandfather held out the chicken to Dudley, who took it, and felt somewhat frustrated.
	Dudley carried the chicken just as he had come, but not as happy as he had come.
	Rose sent Dudley to the door, while Sky was a little worried and also followed Rose, but kept a few steps away from them. His eyes were on Rose, while staring at Dudley's every move, afraid that he would do something to Rose.
	At the door, Rose was standing inside the door and Dudley was standing outside. They were separated by a threshold.
	"Good-bye, Dudley." Rose put her hand on the door, about to close it.
	Dudley propped against the door. "Rose, is he your husband?"
	Rose did not answer. She did not because she didn't know whether she should tell the truth or lie to him.
	If she told the truth, then Dudley would feel that there was hope and he would continue to pester her.
	But if she lied, she was using Sky to deceive others. She had just said she didn't need Sky's help, and now she was going to take advantage of him.
	Rose was upset... So, she could only keep quiet.
	"I just heard Mr. Wilfred say the man is his grandson-in-law." Dudley did not get Rose's answer and said to himself, "Rose, I am not blaming you, but I know you want to marry a man who is more handsome and stronger than me. But look at him, he looks just like a boy. Can he do farm work? He can't help Mr. Wilfred at all. I'm anxious for you because you are going to plant rice."
	"Dudley, we'll work this out ourselves. Now that you have seen who you want to see, dispel your thoughts." Rose didn't want to reveal his mind.
	Dudley beamed again and he lowered his voice a little. "Rose, I want to discuss something with you. Look at your delicate skin... It makes me distressed to think of you doing work. Why don't you divorce him? I'll marry you. I promise I will give you happiness. I won't let you do any housework from now on."
	Rose's face fell, "Dudley," she said, "Don't talk nonsense."
	"I..." Dudley was a little embarrassed, but he defended himself, "Rose, you see, since you came back, I have come to see you every day, and I gave you whatever delicious at home. I have volunteered to help you with any work in the field. I treat you so well, can't you feel it? I really like you, and I don't mind if you've married and have a child. I just want to marry you and love you..."
	"Dudley, stop!" Rose snapped, then softened her tone, "The kindness you gave me isn't what I want. I'll take it as if you didn't say anything. Just go home."
	Rose turned her face away from him.
	Dudley sighed and turned to go. As a result, he saw a strong man standing behind him not far away. The cold aura made him shudder abruptly, and sent the chill down his spine.
	The tall and stately man approached him with a steady step, and his clear voice was heard, "You can pretend that he didn't say anything, and I can't pretend that I didn't hear anything."
	Rose also looked at the man, her pure pupils reflected the handsome face of this man.
	She was here to calm herself, forcing herself not to contact or think about him. She thought she had done a good job.
	But when she saw him again, the whole week of staying here was like she had only stayed here for a moment, and it was of no avail for her not to think about him.
	His appearance instantly disintegrated all her reason, making her emotions rich and alive.
	Even her breath began to quicken and her heart beat faster.
	He just had this magic, like a magnet to draw people's attention.
	"What... What are you doing here?" Rose's throat stiffened slightly.
	"I have to deal it with him before I have a talk with you." Bright looked at Dudley. Although the latter was very strong, he did not have the confidence at all because Bright's aura was too strong, "Who did you say you are going to marry?"
	"I... I..." Dudley was so frightened by Bright's sharp look that he stammered and could not speak.
	"She is my wife. You have no chance to marry her, not only in this life, but also in the next life, or even in the next after the next. So, don't dream about my woman anymore!"
	Dudley opened his eyes wide and said, "You're Rose's husband? And who is that man?"
	"That man?" Bright frowned and looked at Rose.
	Rose left the door ajar, so she just blocked Sky who was standing in the courtyard, and Bright didn't see him.
	"Dudley, he really is my husband." Rose had to confirm it herself. She did not want to get Sky involved.
	"It seems that you did not believe what she said. Then I'll have to prove it with my actions." Bright pulled Rose closer, lowered his head, and gave her a possessive kiss.
Chapter 284 I Will Take Care of My Wife
	Bright's kiss fell on Rose's soft lips. Rose had no way to escape from Bright. His handsome face dilated in her pupils and she felt her lips hot.
	Bright asserted his ownership right in front of Dudley in order to make sure that only Rose's husband could do it to her.
	Rose did not want to be kissed in front of others. She wanted to push him away, but he held her tighter.
	His lips were hot, like a burning flame, and the hot temperature needed her to melt.
	His kiss was so crazy and domineering, as if to put his yearning for her in the whole week into the kiss, and Rose was indulged in his gentle kiss.
	Rose could not think of anything else under his hot tenderness.
	Separated for more than a week, she realized that she had been missing him so much.
	Just at this moment, she forgot her worry and followed her heart, enjoying this wonderful moment.
	Even after he left her lips, she could feel his taste on the tip of her tongue.
	"Want to listen to a story?" Bright looked sideways at Dudley, who was already dumbfounded.
	Dudley was awakened by the sound of his voice. He gulped and nodded as if hypnotized.
	"At the time I was only 6 years old, my father gave a toy, which can be disassembled into a variety of autobots, and it can become remote-control toy when it was installed battery. I like it very much. But one day, someone else spotted it. He wanted to rob me of my toys. But what is mine is mine, and no one is allowed to covet my things."
	"I told him there was a price to pay for robbing me, but he was four years older than me and didn't believe that a six-year-old child like me could do anything to a ten-year-old one."
	"He still wanted to rob my toy, and I showed no weakness. I broke his nose, broke his ribs, and beat him until he screamed for mercy... I've been learning all kinds of self-defense since I was two and a half years old, and melee attack is one of them. He underestimated my ability."
	"Now I naturally will not be so easily bullied, and the person who wants to compete with me has only one end--to live is worse than to die!"
	Dudley was so scared by Bright's story that he oozed with cold sweat and froze to the spot.
	"I... I didn't mean that." He immediately explained the situation, "I just see that the Rose's family doesn't have anyone to help her, so I offer my help. Don't... Don't get me wrong."
	"Never appear in front of me again." Bright warned him.
	"I..."
	"Go away!" Bright thought he was patient enough. He would have beaten him if it was before.
	"I... I'll get away now." Dudley did not dare to have any wicked thoughts about Rose and ran away with the chicken.
	Dudley fell twice, but quickly picked himself up and continued to run, and soon he was out of sight.
	Looking at Dudley, Rose could not help but sympathize with him, "Although Dudley has such mind, he is not a bad person. Have you gone too far to frighten him like this?"
	Although she was tired of Dudley pestering her all the time, he still had a good heart.
	Bright didn't do anything wrong, of course. No one would want his wife to be missed by someone else.
	"He dares to flirt with my wife in front of me and encourage my wife to divorce and remarry him. It is utterly unpardonable to me. I have shown him my utmost tolerance." Bright spoke as if he were benevolent.
	"You really broke someone's nose and ribs over a toy when you were six?" Rose wondered how such a young child could have such power.
	"I did break his bridge, but I have shown my mercy, otherwise his ribs must have been broken." Bright looked down at her. "Don't divert the subject! I have to discuss something with you today!"
	"About what?" Rose caught the look in his eyes and knew it was over. "About the divorce?"
	"I will decide what to discuss." Bright's face turned blue when he heard she mentioned divorce. Now he wanted to strangle her.
	He gripped her wrist and pushed open the door.
	As a result, Bright saw Sky standing in the courtyard. He was wearing a white shirt and beige casual pants. His sleeves were rolled up lightly, his black hair soft, and his eyebrows elegant like stars. He looked like a composed gentleman.
	Sky also saw Bright, who was as handsome and powerful as before, but he was so cold and attractive that no one could move their eyes away from him.
	The two men looked at each other, seemingly gentle and polite, but actually, they were going against each other, and unwilling to be outdone.
	Rose felt headache when she saw the two men competing with each other.
	In fact, she wanted to prevent Bright from entering the house because she was afraid that he would find Sky at home. Although she didn't do anything wrong, she was actually afraid he would misunderstand it.
	"What are you doing here?" Bright pulled Rose over and got close to Sky.
	The two of them standing in this courtyard was really eye-catching.
	"I don't need Mr. Lee's permission to come to Grandpa's house." Sky raised a smile, "I am grandfather's grandson-in-law, and I am not the first time to come here. But this is the first time for Mr. Lee to come here, so let me know if you have anything you don't know."
	Sky justified being here and he seemed to be the host of the house, while Bright was the guest.
	"No need." Bright raised his head slightly. "My wife is here. If I have any needs, she'll handle it and will take care of me. And I'm also a grandson-in-law of grandfather, and I am the elder one while you are the younger. You should know how to respect the senior, Mr. Tanner."
	As for the status Bright naturally overcame Sky and he was very happy.
	Sky was not angry, and he still had the smile on the face, "Mr. Lee, just enjoy yourself. Grandpa is cooking. I'm going to see what I can do."
	And then he turned away and headed for the kitchen.
	After he watched Sky leaving, Bright looked sideways at Rose, "Why is he here? Tell the truth."
	"He has feet and he's free to go wherever he wants. I didn't expect him to be here anymore than I expected you to be here." Rose had never thought that both Bright and Sky would come to the backcountry.
	If the village head knew that the noble man of City J and City H were in his village, he might be very happy.
Chapter 285 Mind Acts upon Mind
	Bright was very displeased by Rose's "perfunctory" attitude. He squinted at Rose for one second, two seconds, three seconds...
	Rose felt uncomfortable, and when she tried to get away from him, she was held tight to her waist by him, "Do you think that's a good reason or do you think I'm easy to be fooled?"
	"Rose, is it so hard to tell the truth? Sophie has talked about what has happened five years ago, and you wouldn't even tell me that I am Doris's real father until I do a paternity test!"
	"You also said you would make it up for me, but the result was that you left me a divorce agreement and then disappeared with my daughter... Rose, my patience is wearing thin. If you don't tell me the truth, I'll ask him. Anyway, I'll know what I want to know."
	Bright released his hand and Rose felt the strength disappear from her waist.
	Bright stopped looking at her and walked to the back room. Rose stood still and hesitated for two seconds. "Bright, I'll tell you."
	She didn't want to know what Sky's answer would be, but it was better for her to say it than for Sky.
	Bright stopped walking and looked back, looking at her calmly.
	Rose stepped forward, her fingers clutching at her pants. "I can tell you, but not until after dinner."
	"Why?" Bright eyebrows raised his eyebrows.
	"There is no reason. That's it." Rose lowered her eyelids and walked past him.
	Bright let her go. He did not press her any further and followed her at a leisurely pace.
	Doris's eyes lit up when she saw Bright, and she ran up to him eagerly and said, "Daddy."
	Bright was also very happy when he saw Doris. He bent down to Doris as she came running towards him. "My girl, do you miss Daddy?"
	"Yes, I miss you very, very much." Doris put her arms around Bright's neck.
	"How much did you miss me?" Bright pinched her little nose.
	Doris hugged Bright and kissed him on the cheek with her pink little mouth. "Just like this."
	Bright, amused by Doris's quirkiness, said, "Then why didn't you call me?"
	"I wanted to call you, but Mom's cell phone fell into the water and broke." Doris looked sad, "And grandfather doesn't have a cell phone. I can't remember the number so I can't use the landline."
	"So I kept praying for my father to come to me and my mother. I had a dream about you last night, but I didn't expect my father to come today. Dad must have felt my wish, right? There is an old saying that the mind something... mind..."
	"Mind acts upon mind." Bright said.
	"Yes, yes, that's it. Dad is so great! Were you a straight-A student before?" Doris looked at Bright with adoration.
	"Not bad." Bright wasn't too proud. "You are my daughter, of course you are excellent, too." he said. "You have all my good genes."
	"Doris, time for dinner." Rose called to her.
	By this time, dishes and bowls had been set on the table in the main room, and Rose was setting chopsticks.
	"Dad, let's have dinner in the main room." Doris wanted to get down.
	"I take you there." Bright walked over with Doris in his arms.
	Grandpa and Sky came out of the kitchen and went to the main room. Grandpa looked at Rose with puzzled eyes when he saw a strange man in the house and held Doris in his arms.
	"Grandpa, this is my father." Doris introduced Bright to grandpa, "Dad, this is Grandpa. You must go after Mom and call him Grandpa."
	Bright seated Doris on a stool and then said respectfully, "Nice to meet you, Grandpa. I am Bright, Rose's husband, Doris's father and your grandson-in-law."
	"So you are Doris's father." Grandfather looked carefully at Doris and then at Bright, and found that they were really alike. "Doris looks like you," he said.
	"Sure enough." Bright was proud of that.
	"This is your first visit to the country, right?" Grandpa could see that Bright was a noble living in the city just like Sky. His bearing and temperament showed his unusual status.
	"Yes, but I will come here again... I will come here often in the future. I just hope Grandpa won't mind it." Bright was eloquent, and said sincerely.
	"Of course not. Welcome to come here often." Grandpa called to Bright, afraid of slighting him, "Bright, I'll call you Bright. Take your seat. And Sky, you too."
	"You too, Grandpa." Both Bright and Sky respected the elders.
	When Grandpa saw that they were not going to sit down, he had to sit down himself, then both of them and Rose seated themselves.
	Rose and Bright sat on both sides of Doris, while Bright and Sky sat on grandfather's left and right.
	"It is the first time Bright came here. Just make yourself at home. Sky, you too. There is nothing to entertain you, and these are some simple dishes." Grandpa looked at the dishes on the table and felt he hadn't treated them well.
	"We'll eat whatever you eat, Grandpa." Sky comforted him.
	"Grandpa, there is meat and vegetables here, and wine is a good match with the dishes." Bright looked at Grandpa, "Do you drink?"
	Grandfather nodded, "I don't have any hobbies, except work and a drink to relieve my fatigue."
	"Then I'll have a drink with you tonight." Bright turned to Rose and said, "Rose, go and get the wine."
	"I made that wine myself. Would you drink it?" Grandfather pointed to the wine on a cabinet in the corner of the main room.
	The glass bottle was filled with red dates, wolfberries and ginseng, and the liquor had turned yellow.
	"Any wine will do." Bright said.
	Rose went to get the wine. She took two glasses and handed them to Bright. Bright put one glass in front of Grandpa while the other one in his hand.
	He looked at Sky and smiled, "Sky, we rarely stay together. Since we've come here, how about we accompany grandpa to drink?"
	"Of course I'd love to." Sky did not expect that Bright would change his address in front of grandfather.
	Bright gave the glass of wine to Sky and then asked Rose to get another one.
	Bright and Sky toasted to Grandpa and then they drank first.
	Grandfather was delighted, and took a sip. "This house hasn't been this lively since your grandmother left. She'll be happy to see them. Both of her granddaughters are married, and she has such good grandsons-in-law. It's such a delight to have a drink with you."
Chapter 286 No One Will Be Waiting for You like A Fool
	Grandpa had mixed feelings that he survived and lived such a happy life, but his wife had left him and could not enjoy the happiness of the family.
	"Grandpa, Rose and I will come to visit you every year and keep you company. Let me toast." Bright raised his glass again and emptied it in one gulp.
	"Dad, and me." Doris was angry at being forgotten by Bright.
	Bright felt sorry and caressed Doris's head, "I'm sorry. Of course you have to be with us."
	"You only have Mom in your eye. I am nobody. Dad, you are biased." Doris saw through Bright, "You love Mom more than me."
	"Doris, don't talk nonsense." Rose warned Doris with reproachful gaze not to go too far, but her face still flushed with shyness.
	Sky was here, and it was inappropriate for kids to say this.
	"You are wronging me. I love mother but I love you more." Bright looked up at Rose, whose skin was slightly red and very pretty. "If you don't believe me, ask Mom."
	Rose stared at Bright, who was still making troubles, but that look was more like coquetry in the eyes of both Bright and Sky.
	Seeing that the family of three was so lovely and sweet, Sky felt his heart painful, which made him almost unbearable.
	He could only squeeze hard his knee with both hands under the table, so as to let the physical pain shared the pain in his heart.
	He kept fantasizing that if his faith in Rose five years ago had been strong enough, if he had not listened to Sophie, he would have lived a happy life with Rose, and they would have a daughter as lovely as Doris. And then they would have come to see her grandfather every year, and they would have been happy for ever.
	But the reality was that Rose was in love with another man. He was just a passer-by, and he felt himself excluded from their world.
	He could only look at them talking and laughing, and he could only bear his regret alone.
	Sky's heart felt extremely painful. He carried the wine and finished it in one gulp.
	As the wine went through his throat, he felt a burning sensation in his throat, but it still couldn't match the pain of his heart.
	How he wished the drink would make him drunk, but his mind became clearer and he heard Doris's childish voice.
	"Is that so, Mom? Doris did ask Rose.
	"How could I know what's on your Dad's mind?" Rose put the food into Doris's bowl. "Eat your dinner and stop talking."
	"Mom, are you trying to stop me from talking by stuffing food in my mouth?" Doris asked.
	"No speaking when you are eating; no talking when you are sleeping. Haven't you known it?" Rose urged Doris, "Eat quickly."
	Bright touched the glass and said to Rose, "Sky has finished his drink. Fill it up for him."
	"You'd better cut down on the wine." Rose answered him.
	"Are you not confident of my drinking capacity?" Bright smiled, "I'll do it myself. I'm finished anyway."
	"I'll do it." Sky actually volunteered to refill the wine.
	"Sky, take that glass bottle to get the wine, so you don't need to run around like this." Grandpa said.
	Sky then took the glass container to take the wine as Grandpa told him. He first filled it for Grandpa, then for Bright, and finally himself.
	Rose felt headache when she saw the three of them drinking so much wine. They had already drunk a couple of drinks before they even had a bite.
	Rose picked up the soup bowl and handed it to Grandpa, "Grandpa, drinking before eating is bad for your health. You'd better have some soup and dishes before you drink."
	"Don't drink too much. No one could take care of you when you are drunk." Rose reminded Bright and Sky.
	Bright leaned over a little. "You're my wife. You will care about me."
	Rose didn't want to talk to him and had dinner. "I'll take care of Doris, and you take care of yourself."
	"It's all right for Sky to take care of himself, but it is not right that you don't take care of me." Bright looked at Grandpa and put a piece of ribs in his bowl. "Grandpa, don't you think so?"
	"Bright, don't worry. Rose will take care of you. You came here for the first time, and of course she will take good care of you." Grandpa said to Bright.
	Rose dissatisfied, "Grandpa, you are my own grandfather. Why are you standing by him?"
	"He's my grandson-in-law, not a stranger." Grandpa picked up the ribs and put them into his mouth. He ate them happily.
	"Grandpa, he bought you off with a rib." Rose stood up and gave her grandfather several pieces. "I will give you a few more pieces, alright?"
	"Great." Grandpa was happy. He had never been so happy before.
	Sky, like an outsider, looked at them laughing and talking, while he drank alone, feeling very lonely.
	Sky was not a good drinker. He didn't know how much he had drunk. Now he felt a burning sensation in the stomach.
	He jumped to his feet, pushed aside the stool, and hurried out of the main room.
	It was dark outside. When he ran out, it was barely visible.
	"What's the matter with my Uncle?" Doris looked at her parents and Grandpa.
	"Rose, go to see what's wrong with Sky." Grandpa said.
	Rose was also a little worried. Sky was much weaker after a serious illness. She was afraid that after he drank so much, it would do harm to his health.
	But as Rose was about to get up, Bright stopped her and said, "I will go and see it. It's more convenient for men to deal with this. Stay here with Doris and Grandpa."
	"Bright." Rose called to him.
	"Don't worry." Bright got up and left.
	He went out of the main room, went to the courtyard, and saw a faint yellow light in the corner of the room.
	He went right to the corner, where the bathroom was, and Sky bent over, vomiting. Then there was the sound of a flush.
	"Are you all right?" Bright looked at his thin figure.
	Sky unscrewed the faucet in the bathroom, picked up water and poured it on his face. He stood up straight and wiped the water stains on his mouth with his hands. "Thank you, Mr. Lee, for your concern."
	"If you can't bear it, why do you drink so much?" Bright's stern face was softened by the warm light, but her eyes were clear and sharp. "Five years ago, there was a silly girl who sacrificed her innocence to save your life by giving birth to a child for you. Five years later, no one is waiting for you in the same place. Take good care of yourself, Sky."
Chapter 287 He Was Unwilling to Let Go
	Sky's pale face became even paler after hearing what Bright said.
	He stared at Bright, not avoiding his sharp gaze.
	He sounded like he knew all about what happened five years ago.
	Rose wanted to have Bright's child to save him.
	He knew it, but it was too late. He was full of guilt and regret for Rose.
	But Rose did not give him a chance to make up for it, so he felt uneasy.
	"It is true that no one will wait where they are, but I will try my best to catch up with her." Sky made no secret of his thoughts on Rose in front of Bright.
	"You'll never catch up, bro." Bright smiled, "She married me."
	"Then what? If she's not happy, I won't leave her alone." Sky asked him, "Are you the one who can give her happiness?"
	"If I can't, can you?" Bright said lightly, "Five years ago, you hurt her and abandoned her. Now you are shouting in front of me that you won't leave her alone? When she was forced out of City H and went to City Y with a baby, where were you?"
	"You might be in love with Mrs. Tanner and hate her, didn't you? What's the point of saying this to me now? Remember that you gave up her first. The moment you gave up her, you will never be eligible to have her again. Besides, as she is my wife, you have no right to her at all."
	"Sky, I advise you to go back and live a good life with your Mrs. Tanner. Rose can only be Mrs. Lee in this life. You had better let her go."
	Sky's face turned red when Bright scolded him, "Yes, I did hurt her, but now it's not too late for me to know the truth. No matter she is Rose or Mrs. Lee, I will be grateful to her. Even if you are Bright, you can't stop my determination."
	"Even if it costs the Tanner Group?" Bright said coldly.
	"I have to deal with this alone. You don't have to threaten me with the Tanner Group. They have nothing to do with this business. Whatever you do, just target at me." Sky was proud and unyielding.
	"It's no fun to target at you alone. And who says it has nothing to do with the Tanner Group?" Bright sneered, "This has something to do with everyone in the Lee family. You went away because you think she's going to damage the reputation and image of the Lee family and the Tanner Group!"
	Sky was speechless by his rebuke. Although he had the heart to make up for the fault, the damage had been caused forever.
	"I just want to make it up to her." He looked sad.
	"She's my wife. I will treat her well. I don't need Mr. Tanner to worry about her anymore." Bright said, "She never wanted you to repay her for saving your life. The best way to make up for it is to stop bothering her. Remember that."
	Bright finished and turned to leave. Sky stared at Bright's back and couldn't help wondering why he and Rose had said the same thing.
	But he didn't want to take it. Besides, he heard Rose mention divorce when Bright just came here.
	If their marriage had been as happy and loving as it looked like, why would Rose have talked about the divorce.
	He didn't care who wanted a divorce. What he cared about was if Rose was happy. If she divorced, he would pursue her again regardless of everything.
	"It's not up to you to decide." Sky shouted at his back way.
	"She'll say the same if you ask her." Bright did not look back.
	"No, you don't understand Rose. What does it mean for her to be able to do this for me? Don't you understand? She valued my life above her own, or she would not make this sacrifice. And in the hospital, she and I had promised to be with each other for life. As soon as I get well, we would get married. I won't forget it, and neither will she." Sky mentioned how deeply they loved each other.
	"I don't know why Rose married you, and I don't want to know, but I know it wasn't for love. Now I just want to make up for what we have missed."
	Bright's face finally darkened and his eyes looked cold.
	Not out of love? Maybe.
	Before that, he had really wanted to let go of her, and gave her freedom and happiness, thinking that he would be fine if she could live a good life.
	But then he reviewed the marriage and decided that even if she didn't love him, he didn't want to let go of her.
	He wanted to give Doris a complete home, and he wanted to trade his sincerity for her love.
	He believed that he could do it, and that he could give her happiness.
	"Mr. Tanner, you seem to forget that you are still married, and Rose is married. Your wife is her sister. How can you say such things without any sense of shame?" Bright suddenly looked down on Sky. "I don't think you deserve to stand with her anymore, let alone give her happiness."
	"The minute I knew the truth, my marriage to Sophie was dead. She's pregnant now and I can't divorce her. But when the time came, I will be free. And I don't think Rose wants to be tied to a loveless marriage." Sky was expecting, "I think God will take pity on me and her and give us a chance."
	"Mr. Tanner, you're thinking too much." Bright took him back to reality. "Rose and I are going to be together for the rest of our lives. You can prepare to be alone. Don't forget that marriage requires commitment and loyalty besides love. Moreover, Rose's character did not allow her to do something against her morality and conscience."
	"And the important thing is that we have a child. So, it's not me that binds her to the marriage, it's the child, the duty, and the loyalty. Do you have these?"
	"A marriage without love is immoral." Sky contradicted Bright, thinking that he was in the way and didn't want to let go of Rose. "Doris is only five years old, and children at this age usually follow their mothers. I can treat Doris as my own child just like you, to give her a father's love and accompany her to grow up. If you can do it, so can I."
	"Well..." Bright chortled, "If that time comes, do you think I'll give the baby to you?"
	"Why not? Doris is Rose's biological daughter! Why do you have to keep her your side? It's not a gentleman of you to threaten Rose with a child!" Sky was angry.
	"I never think I am a gentleman, but I won't let go of anyone or anything that belongs to me!" Bright's eyes were sharp, "Doris is Rose's own daughter, but she's also my own daughter! Would I give my child to another man to raise for me? It's ridiculous!"
Chapter 288 The Enemy of Love Is the Savior of His Life
	From Sky's words, Bright had guessed that he only knew that Rose saved his life by giving birth to the baby, but he didn't know who the baby's real father was.
	It seemed that Rose did not tell him that Doris' real father was him.
	In Bright's opinion, Rose did not want to hurt Sky so deep, and still cared about his feelings, but he was jealous in her heart. He wanted to let Sky know all the truth, including the child's birth history.
	As expected, Sky was shocked when he heard Bright say that Doris was his own daughter. Such shock was deeply frozen in his eyes, and he couldn't believe it for a long time.
	"What did you say?" Sky felt his voice was croaked.
	"I said Doris is my own daughter, Rose and I's own daughter." Bright again said it out very clearly. "So of course my daughter and my wife would be with me."
	Sky couldn't hide the pain and chagrin in his eyes, "You are lying to me! I don't believe you!"
	"Why should I lie to you? What do I gain by lying to you?" Bright asked him.
	"You were the one Rose had a child with five years ago, and you got married three years ago. How could it be such a coincidence?" Sky couldn't believe it.
	"Well, I don't know what I can do if you don't believe that, but what I'm trying to say is that this is what has happened. Rose and I are meant to be with each other. God brings our family together, and no one is going to take them away from me." Bright said with his eyes cold.
	"What the God brings you together! Shit!" Sky was so anxious that he swore and could not calm down. "You must have planned all of this. You found Rose and married her after she gave birth to the child. In fact, you already knew that Doris is your daughter, didn't you?"
	"If I had known Doris was my daughter, I would have stood up for her and protected our child when you dumped her five years ago, instead of letting her be bullied and forced away." Bright gently clenched his fists behind him, repressing his anger.
	"I regret that I didn't know Doris is my own daughter earlier. I didn't raise her since she was a baby, and I didn't give her the love she deserved from a young age, nor did I let her have a complete family! And you, the Lee family, have something to do with it."
	"I won't believe anything you say!" Sky still held on to the last glimmer of hope. He would not believe what anyone said until Rose had said it herself.
	"If you don't believe me, let's hear what Rose would say." Bright turned around and saw Rose stood not from them.
	Grandpa saw that they had not come back, so he asked her to see what had happened.
	She was also worried about the situation of Bright and Sky getting together alone. After all, their relationship was not harmonious and they didn't like each other.
	Sure enough, as soon as he came, he heard two men were arguing.
	Rose looked at two men in the dim light.
	"How long have you been here?" Bright's eyes were clear. "You've heard everything, right? Come and help Mr. Tanner out, or he'll think I'm lying."
	Rose took a few steps forward, and rested her eyes on Sky.
	Sky's eyes met Rose's, and he was still suspicious.
	It was not that he couldn't accept Doris. It was that he couldn't accept Doris's real father was Bright!
	He was saved by Doris, who carried on his blood, and his survival was half credited to Bright.
	He was in Bright's debt, and he didn't want to be in his debt!
	The three of them were really reunited. They were all his benefactors. He really had no chance to make up for Rose.
	If Bright were not Doris's real father, he would have the courage to try, but if he were, he wouldn't break up a family.
	Sky was entangled when he looked at Rose. He felt that his hands were trembling and his throat was stiff with tension. He was afraid to know the answer from Rose.
	He felt that his heart would be broken.
	He had felt the pain Rose felt, the feeling of being "stabbed" by someone he loved.
	"Sky, Doris' real father is Bright." Rose could only tell the truth.
	"How could it be?" Sky breathed heavily. "Isn't there anyone else?"
	"No." Rose answered Sky calmly, which was in obvious contrast to his anxiety.
	"Then don't save me. It would be better to let me die than to let me know the truth and owe him a debt." Sky was kind of giving up on himself.
	His rival in love was also his savior, and only Bright's blood type bone marrow matched his.
	How ironic!
	God played such a great joke with him!
	Sky had a feeling of desperation.
	"No one is stopping you from going to die." Bright sneered at his cowardice.
	"Well, I'll give you my life back!" Sky was stimulated by Bright.
	Rose glared at Bright, who was still making troubles, and then stopped Sky.
	"The Lee family only has you, and your parents harbor high hopes for you. Besides, Miss May is in poor health. It is she who begged me to save you. She would rather lose ten years of her life or exchange her life for yours!" Rose remembered how May once held her hand and begged her to save Sky when she fell ill." You are the only son she has. She can't bear to lose you!"
	She had not wanted to mention that May once begged her when his life was at risk, but things had come to this point and she had to do so.
	She just hoped he could cherish his life for the sake of his mother.
	"So you made such a ridiculous decision and let me lose you!" Sky clutched his shirt collar.
	"Sky, I was the one who made the decision, so don't blame Auntie. Cherish your life for your parents and love yourself. They can't afford to lose you again. Just cherish your life and live a new life." Rose tried her best to persuade him not to compete with Bright.
	Sky lowered his head slightly, and he looked gloomy.
	Rose, seeing that he seemed to have calmed down, turned to go back to the main room.
	Bright followed her and questioned, "How could you be so cruel to me while you are so gentle to your old lover?"
Chapter 289 Mrs. Lee's Expectation
	Listening to what he just said, Rose frowned and said, "Can you stop being so vexatious?"
	"It's not fair! I'm not supposed to be treated like this as a husband while you are so nice to your old flame! I don't even have the right to fight for the benefits I deserve to own, do I?" Bright said reasonably.
	In a word, he was jealous.
	Rose wanted to ignore him and said, "Can you just finish the meal with grandpa? He will notice something wrong if you guys keep doing this."
	"Sure, I can. But you can's just temporize this, Rose!" Bright brushed through her in a trot and said, "Let's talk about this after the meal!"
	Rose sighed helplessly. Bright was like a rebellious child to her.
	Bright went back to the house and held the cup again.
	Rose gazed at him, who was drinking and talking with grandpa like nothing had happened.
	Sky came back and sat down soon afterward, with sweat on her face.
	Grandpa looked at the pale Sky and said worriedly, "Are you all right, Sky?"
	"Don't worry grandpa, I'm fine," Sky said with a light smile, "But I'm afraid I can't drink with you now."
	"He has drunk too much, " Bright said.
	Grandpa replied, "Don't worry, I'm grateful for your attitude. Don't push yourself too hard."
	Then, Bright and grandpa continued their drink. Rose was just having the meal silently and took a glance occasionally. And Sky, having no appetite for any dish on the table, took a few bites on the poached cabbage had some soup.
	After the meal, both grandpa and Bright were drunk. Rose was busying in tidying up the table and Sky was helping her.
	Bright was sitting in the yard and chatting with grandpa. Seeing Rose and Sky were so busy, he felt a little bit jealous.
	Grandpa needed his company, but he stood up and left eventually.
	He went into the kitchen, looked at Sky, and said, "Grandpa wants your accompany."
	Sky raised his eyes and glanced at Bright casually.
	"These chores should be left to me and Rose, for we are a couple and we work more efficiently," Bright said, "Or you just want to accompany with my wife instead of grandpa?"
	Sky couldn't outargue him, and Rose also said, "Just go and stay with grandpa."
	Sky nodded and left after cleaning his hands.
	Bright leaned on the counter, watching Rose, and said, "Your words are louder than mine."
	Rose didn't answer him and just kept washing dishes.
	"Why don't you answer me?" Bright felt upset about her indifference.
	"Don't you see I'm busying?" Rose lowered her eyelids.
	"Your hands are busy, but your mouth is free," Bright frowned unpleasantly.
	"Can you stop fussing around?" Rose felt helpless.
	"I'm not fussing," Bright said seriously, "I'm asking you questions seriously and I hope you can answer me now."
	"It's not the Q&A time," Rose placed the washed dishes into a basin of water and said, "Can you please let me do my job. The time is pretty late now and I need to coax Doris to sleep after this."
	"If you are drunk, just take a rest. We can talk about this when you are sober, all right?"
	Bright felt unpleasant and left.
	Rose was puzzled when she noticed that he left, but soon she resumed doing the chores.
	Rose cleaned the kitchen and dining hall and then filled the water jars with boiled water.
	Then she said to grandpa, "Grandpa, I have prepared some hot water for you. You can wash your face, have a foot bath, and then go to bed early."
	"OK," grandpa stood up.
	Sky supported him and said to Rose, "You can take a rest. I'm here with grandpa."
	Rose nodded and went into the room on her left to ask Doris to take a shower and go to bed.
	Once she got in the room, she saw Doris was already sleeping on the bed and Bright was next to her putting back the storybook in his hand.
	It turned out that he left for coaxing Doris to sleep.
	"You can take a shower now," Rose said, "I can take care of Doris."
	"My clothes are in the car," Bright got up from the bed, "Come with me."
	Rose didn't realize that he drove here. The road in the countryside wasn't as broad and even as the roads in the city, and thus it must be hard for him to drive to here all along.
	"Can't you do it on your own? Don't tell me you are afraid of the darkness," Rose quipped.
	"My car can only be parked around the dam close to the office of the village committee, and I can't find it especially at night without streetlights," Bright grabbed her hand and dragged her out.
	And the scene was witnessed by Sky.
	So many questions came into his mind. What were they going to do at night? Would Bright do something bad to Rose? Should he follow and see whether he could help?
	After hesitation, he decided to leave it alone. After all, they were the real couple.
	He went back to stay with grandpa until he finished the foot bath and went to bed.
	Rose and Bright approached the dam and saw a Cayenne was staying right there. It blended into the night like a predator hidden in the dark, as elegant as its owner Bright.
	Bright opened the door and gently pushed Rose into the backseat, and then he squeezed in, which made Rose had to back off.
	"You said we went here for getting the clothes! What are you doing!" Rose's heartbeat fastened as Bright closed the door.
	"Nobody is here. Don't you think this is a perfect place for…?" Bright smiled evilly.
	His ease formed a contrast with her tension.
	"Don't be silly, Bright!" Rose moved back, but her back had already reached the closed door.
	Bright leaned forward, with only a few inches to her face. When he opened his mouth, the smell of wine spread out, making her feel tipsy.
	"Just chatting. That's not silly."
	Rose was so embarrassed when she knew she had made the wrong guess.
	But his statement was also inclined to create association with something else, so it was not completely her fault.
	"Does Mrs. Lee expect me to unleash my lust?" Bright raised his eyebrows.
	"Of course not!" said the Rose.
	Bright ignored her rejection completely and moved his face closer, "So, as you wish, Mrs. Lee."
Chapter 290 How Dare You Propose Divorce
	Watching Bright's handsome face was getting closer, Rose's eyes were widely opened, "I didn't mean that, for sure."
	She put her hands on his chest, trying to stop him.
	But Bright dealt with it easily by grabbing her arms with one hand.
	He was kissing her lips and fondling her, trying to make up those days without intimacy.
	He conquered her and tasted her without mercy.
	Rose couldn't breathe because of his continuous kissing. She felt that all the oxygen was taken by him, and she could only survive with his breath.
	Bright was taking advantage. Her fair skin was spurring Bright, making him unable to restrain himself from being calm and ignoring her beauty.
	He wanted to occupy all of her. Rose made some moves of denial, but in Bright's eyes, she was welcoming him by acting in denial.
	After all of these physical contacts, they slept with each other.
	Rose felt her body was boiling like lava.
	She was lying on the backseat, and Bright was lying on her. They were both tired, especially Rose, who didn't want to say a word or move a finger.
	"Are you satisfied, Mrs. Lee?" Bright said pantingly.
	"Bright, you are so bad," Rose said in a sobbing tone.
	She didn't mean it at all, but he still did it regardless of her opposition. Was that what they called sex in a car?
	Was she, Rose Linder, so shameless to accept this?
	It was the first time that she had sex with a man in such a place.
	But Bright was so relaxed like nothing had happened. He held Rose and said softly, "I miss you, you know? That's why I can't help doing it. You know I always fail in self-restraint when you are around."
	"Stop making an excuse, Bright. You are just a bastard," Rose pushed him away and said, "Get off me!"
	Bright didn't move and said, "But you did enjoy this, right?"
	"You…" Rose stared at him and shout, "Divorce! I want a divorce!"
	Bright became grim immediately, and his eyes sharpened as well. He grabbed her thin wrist and said, "Rose Linder, five years ago, you stole my child just for saving that man, and now you want a divorce for him? Don't you dare to have a divorce and then marry Sky!"
	"I have never thought about living with him! Don't get someone else involved in the thing between us!" Rose was struggling to free her wrist, "I just want the life back then!"
	"Did I pamper you insomuch that you just left a piece of the divorce settlement and disappeared?" Bright stood up and dragged her up, "Whether you can get a divorce is not up to you! You owe me an explanation. You own me a child… What right have you to ask for a divorce!"
	Confronted with his queries, Rose lowered her eyes and curled her lips, avoiding his eye contact.
	"It took me five years to know that Doris was my biological daughter. Doris and I knew each other but didn't recognize our relationship. When we finally recognized that, you left me and brought her with you… I searched the whole world for you, but when I found you, you were living with your old flame!"
	"So where is my compensation you promised? You have abandoned me, took my daughter away, left a divorce settlement, and destroyed the family, is that my compensation? Doris has been living a childhood without her dad for five years, and you want it to be longer?"
	"Don't be so selfish, Rose! You can't have the final say on anything! If I want the custody of Doris, I can get it easily! If you really want a divorce, I may agree. If you want Doris with you, no way!"
	Bright stared at her and talked tough over this heartless woman. He gave her all of him, and that was how she treated him in return!
	He evened had the intent to stroke her to death!
	Rose stopped struggling and raised her tearful eyes, "Doris is brought up by me. She is mine."
	"She is your daughter, but not yours, and her life shouldn't be designed by you!" Bright looked at her coldly, "She is also my daughter, the child of the Lee family. Do you think you can take her away from me? Even if I agree, my father won't."
	Rose had foreseen this kind of situation. She knew the Lees would take Doris away if they knew her identity, and therefore she concealed the truth until now.
	She was afraid that one day they would know the truth, and now here it was.
	"Yes, I took advantage of you, but I wouldn't know that we would be a couple two years later, let alone having affection during the years. I keep Doris's identity from you because I'm worried that you will contend with me for her. You can always get what you want because you are Bright Lee, but I have no family except her," Rose said with wet eyes.
	"I'm sorry for hiding her identity from you, and I'm not good enough to be your wife and feel guilty around you. So I decided to leave you as a punishment for myself."
	"You are not punishing you, you are punishing me!" Bright was helpless, "Even if you deserve the punishment, I should be the one to sentence you."
	"And if you really feel sorry for me, you should make amend by being nice to me, instead of running away and letting me search for you all around."
	"I have never asked you to find me," Rose grumbled.
	"How could I not be anxious if you kept hanging up my calls?" Bright said, "How dare Sky covet my wife. I won't let him run away from this."
	"Just leave him alone," Rose begged him.
	"Why do you protect him?"
	"He did take partial responsibility for the incident, but Sophie was the one to mostly blame for. He was a victim just like me and you shouldn't make his situation harder," Rose wore the coat and fixed her hair.
	"I have already told him that I won't live with him again and I don't need his compensation. You can be relieved now."
	"How can I be relieved when he keeps thinking about you?" Bright put his long legs on the storage box in a lazy and sexy pose, "And I think you should thank Sophie, whose trick exposed that he was a man of coward rather than of masculine."
	"So you are so masculine, right?"
	"Haven't I proved that?"
	"Shut up!"
Chapter 291 Pay Back With Your Whole Life
	Rose was staring at Bright and felt ashamed.
	But Bright thought it was banter and didn't care about it.
	"You didn't feel it or what?" Bright put his hand on the button of his shirt, "I can let you feel it one more time."
	"Stop being playful, Bright!" Rose blushed with shame.
	She was just conquered by his kiss and became submissive to him. She didn't realize that she would be so eager for him.
	She didn't regard herself as a lewd woman, but she became lustful once he touched her, which making her ashamed.
	Bright pinched her jaw and blew out heat on her face, "From now on, you are not allowed to propose a divorce."
	"So all I can do is wait for your proposal?" Rose felt bad about this. She didn't want to be the one that was subjected to someone and could be banished anytime.
	"Except death, nothing can tear us apart," Bright declared, "Rose, you owe me so much that you have to pay back with your whole life. Just be content with being Mrs. Lee and don't disappear with your daughter again, or I will lock you up and treat you like a toy for a month when I find you!"
	He was not threatening or joking, he was for real.
	Rose felt her leg weakened.
	This was the claim of Bright, that nobody could be Mrs. Lee except her.
	Rose blinked but didn't say anything.
	Why did he do so much for her?
	Though she could felt his affection for her, she didn't sure that it was only about love or it was her hallucination.
	Her heartbeat fastened when she thought about this.
	But Bright thought she was unwilling to do so, "Rose, are you going to slip away? It was my child you stole! Without me, you wouldn't have such a cute and smart daughter. Without her, Sky would have died! Think about how many benefits you have got from it!"
	"I know," Rose said calmly.
	She did owe him and feel guilty about him. If this was the compensation he wanted, she would do this for him.
	And Doris had been missing her father for a long time. Now she was pretty fond of the reunited family. She had been separated from her father for five years, and it would be too cruel for her to leave her father again.
	For the child, she should stay and be a good Mrs. Lee.
	"Good to see you being cooperative," Bright complimented her in satisfaction.
	The only thing he was thinking about was to keep Rose around him and to give Doris an intact family.
	They were both the people he loved.
	"Can we go back now?" Rose said.
	"Sure," Bright let go of her. He had got the answer he wanted from her anyway.
	Bright readjusted his clothes and got off the car.
	He stood by the door and reached out his hand to Rose gently, trying to help her out.
	Rose felt shy to refuse him, so she held his hand and went off the car slowly.
	Bright went to the back of his car, opened the trunk, grabbed a traveling bag, and handed it to Rose around him, "Take it."
	"Can't you take it yourself?" Rose wondered.
	"I have something else to take," Bright brought boxes of gifts from the trunk, like tea, wine, some food for the elderly, and so on.
	"This is my first time to visit my grandpa-in-law. He may be unconcerned about something material, but I need to show my concern for him, right?" Bright closed the trunk and locked the car with lots of bags in his hands.
	Rose felt he was really a considerate person, always taking good care of the people around her.
	Bright and Rose went back to grandpa's house and saw Sky sitting in the yard alone.
	He heard the sound of opening the door and saw Bright and Rose as well.
	Sky stood up, looked at Rose, and said, "Grandpa has fallen asleep."
	Bright ignored him and put those things down in the living room.
	He turned his head to Rose and said, "I get into the room first. When you are in, we can go to sleep."
	Then he glanced at Sky, obviously trying to irritate him.
	Rose felt helpless in mind. Sometimes Bright was like an immature child, and she was his favorite toy that nobody could take it away from him.
	"You hear me, my dear?" Bright asked her persistently.
	"I hear you," Rose said to calm him down.
	"Hurry up, my patient is wearing thin," Bright urged impatiently.
	Rose looked at Sky and said, "Thank you. Why don't you go to sleep?"
	Sky put his hands in the pocket, looked at the night sky, and said, " I haven't seen so many beautiful stars for a long time. I want to admire them as long as I can since they will be unavailable for me when I'm back to the city."
	"You can see the stars on the top of Mount Maple," Rose suggested, "It's late now, you should get some rest. You can sleep in the room next to grandpa's."
	"Yeah," he nodded.
	"I should go. Good night," Rose turned around and was about to leave.
	"Rose…" Sky said after a hesitation.
	Rose turned back and looked at him, "Yes?"
	"I…Nothing. Good night," Sky said with a smile.
	In fact, he wanted to tell her that he would go back to the city tomorrow morning. He could scarcely bear to leave her, but all he could do was hide it deep down to his mind and hoped he could be less painful one day.
	Once Rose got in the room, Bright held her immediately and smelt the aroma from her, "What takes you so long?"
	"Just a small talk," Rose didn't think they had talked so long at all.
	"You can take a shower and then sleep in the room in the west of the house," Rose handed the traveling bag to him.
	"I want to sleep by your side tonight," Bright didn't want to sleep alone.
	"The bed is not as big as the one in our home. It will be so crowded to have three people on it," Rose moved away from his arms gently, "That's not good for Doris."
	"With Doris here, I won't do anything strenuous to you. And that was why I asked you to go out with me to express my deep feelings for you," Bright patted the side of the bed, "I only take a little space and won't squeeze you."
	It reminded Rose of the situation in the car and her face flushed immediately, "Stop teasing me!"
Chapter 292 All About Rose
	Bright looked at her earnestly, "Sure, I stop."
	Rose felt he meant it seriously, but she couldn't trust him since he had never been serious about such kinds of things.
	"Take a shower," Rose said in brevity.
	"Yes, sir," Bright said and kissed her on the face.
	Rose glanced at him bashfully, while he was overjoyed.
	He opened the bag and took out the pajamas, and then Rose led him to the bathroom. In the countryside, the water heaters were mostly electric.
	"Sorry, that' all we can get here," Rose thought that he had never been to the countryside before.
	He was born with a silver spoon and had the best living conditions. How would he experience the poverty of the countryside?
	Suddenly, Rose couldn't help but feel appreciated, and soon it turned into a sense of guilt.
	The various emotions in her mind made her love him more.
	She finally realized that it was because of her that he would come here. She was sure that Bright pampered her because he loved her deeply, such a delicate man wouldn't have done so many things that demeaned himself in such a place otherwise.
	She ran away from him because she felt she had made mistakes and was too ashamed to face him, but now he came from miles away to search for her.
	He was not asking for a divorce. He was asking her to live with him for the rest of her life.
	It would be so easy for him to find a wife, but he chose her. She believed he was not retaliating against her but really wanted to live with her.
	Rose thought she was so wrong.
	From where could she find such a good man, and why would she want to push him away?
	She reproached herself for not satisfied and determined that she would find a chance to reward him.
	Bright put his clothes away and was about to close the door, but then he noticed that Rose was staring at him.
	Before he could say something, Rose went into his open arms, held his waist, and put her face on his chest.
	Bright though she was over-enthusiastic but felt joyful about it.
	"Now that you want to hug me so much, why don't you take a shower with me?" Bright said.
	"You wish," Rose disengaged from his embrace, "You go first. Call me if you need anything, I will be waiting outside."
	"If we do this together, we can save some water and energy," Bright held her arm and invited her honestly.
	"Don't be silly, Bright," Rose said slowly, "Stop wasting time. I can't take a bath until you finish."
	Bright stopped and turned on the shower faucet. Rose helped him to close the door.
	When he finished and left, Rose went into the bathroom. When they were ready to sleep, it had passed 10 p.m.
	They didn't know it had been so late, but they did feel pretty exhausted.
	Rose laid down beside Doris, and Bright held her in his arms. It was a happy family of three.
	Bright was content, "It feels good to sleep with my wife. Do you know how tough the days were without you?"
	"We have a kid here," Rose pulled up the quilt for Doris.
	"She has fallen asleep already," Bright tightened the embrace. He felt calm and relaxed smelling her aroma.
	This was the deepest sleep Bright had had in recent time. His wife was his best sleeping pill.
	When he awoke it was 6 in the morning, while Rose and Doris were still in the dream.
	Bright pulled out the arm pressed by Rose slowly and carefully and got off the bed without any noise. Then he changed the clothes and left the room.
	On his way to the bathroom to wash up, he found the light on the kitchen was on. When he finished the washing he went into the kitchen and saw grandpa was preparing breakfast.
	He was busying all along and saw Bright coming in, "Why don't you get more sleep? It is only 6 a.m. …Is that because you can't get used to the environment here? I'm so sorry for making you felt uncomfortable in the courtyard."
	There was a sense of blame and loneliness with grandpa.
	"No, grandpa, I sleep very well. It is my habit to jog in the early morning," Bright said wearing sportswear, "You can ask Rose if you don't believe me. I do this every day unless I'm too sick to get up early."
	"Okay, so I won't bother you. When you come back you can have breakfast," grandpa said happily, "Go ahead, and be safe."
	After handleing about the cooking, grandpa was going to add more firewoods into the stove. Seeing him bustled around in the kitchen, Bright said, "Let me help you."
	"Don't worry, I can handle this myself," grandpa was putting firewoods into the stove, and his wrinkled face was lit up by the orange fire, "You should go to jog."
	"Let me light the fire," Bright walked to the stove instead of walking away. He didn't want grandpa to work so hard.
	"Do you know how to light the fire, Mr. Lee?" Sky got in and heard what Bright just said. He came here because of the same reason as Bright.
	From Sky's perspective, Bright might have seen this kind of wood-fired stove for the first time.
	"There is always a first time in our life. I don't know how to light the fire, but I can watch and learn. What's the problem?" Bright said calmly.
	"It seems easy to light a fire, but in fact, it is a tricky job. But an excellent man like you can master it quickly," Sky praised him.
	"I don't think excellence and the mastery of lighting a fire are correlated, but I would like to give it a try," Bright helped grandpa up, "Let me do this, grandpa."
	"But… The ashes are going to stain your clothes," he was hesitating whether he should let Bright do this in his first visit.
	"Don't push yourself too hard, I can do this," Sky approached the stove and crouched down.
	"Can you do this?" Bright didn't believe Sky since he was also high-fed.
	"When I was 18, I came to visit grandpa with Rose and learned it in the summer vacation," Sky watched the fire in the stove, "You can go jogging now. I can take care of this."
	Grandpa nodded and said, "Yeah, you can go. Don't worry, I got Sky with me."
	Bright nodded at grandpa and left the kitchen.
	When Bright was gone, grandpa asked Sky, "Is there any issue between you and Bright?"
	"No, grandpa. We are fine," Sky said with a light smile and didn't tell the truth.
	"Do you think grandpa is too old and stupid to notice the hostile between you and him, especially when you were drinking at the night yesterday?" grandpa sighed, "Is it about Rose?"
Chapter 293 I Just Want to Be His Good Wife
	Sky was stumped by grandpa's incisive question.
	His smile faded away. It seemed that he was not willing to answer such a question, with his head lowered.
	Through Sky's expression, grandpa knew he was right. After hesitating for a while, he said, "What was going on between you and Rose? How could you marry Sophie and Rose marry Bright?"
	Grandpa was not gossipy, but because it was related to his two granddaughters, especially Rose, he had to make it clear.
	"It will be fine if you are unwilling to tell. I can understand." Grandpa continued to explain, "I don't mean to pry into your privacy. I am just caring about you."
	Sky put a small stick into the stove, watching it burn and said, "It was all because of me…"
	He briefly told grandpa what had happened five years ago and what was going on now.
	"Grandpa, what should I do?" Sky was so painful, "It was I that betrayed Rose at the beginning. I am so bitching that she was still on my mind and I wanted to get her back. However, she had already been married."
	Frowning, grandpa said, "What a pity! Maybe you are not destined to be a couple. Now that you have all found your partner, no matter what happened and how deeply you loved each other before, you can't go back. After all, it is immoral to break her family."
	"I know it is immoral, so I can only restrain myself." Sky looked straight at grandpa, "To be honest, I think Rose married Bright because she wanted to give Doris an intact family. It is all for responsibility but not for love."
	"There is no happiness in a marriage without love. Trapped in such a hell, won't she be painful? In addition, I don't think she doesn't love me anymore as we have loved each other so deeply."
	Sky had always recalled their good old days. Their meeting each time was full of ardent anticipation, while separation was full of sorrow. They had spent their youth together. How could they forget such a pure affection?
	"In my opinion, they are not like what you said. There is love for Rose in the eyes of Bright." Grandpa drew a conclusion through observations yesterday.
	"But, grandpa, I have heard Rose talking about divorce with him." Sky insisted, "If there is no problem, how would they talk about this?"
	"Their marriage is their business. No matter if they divorce or not, we don't have the rights to interfere in. Therefore, Sky, don't torture yourself. Free her and yourself, so that you can go ahead." Grandpa persuaded him not to think about the past, "Let it go. We should look forward."
	"Grandpa, I am afraid that… I can't pretend nothing happened and just look forward when I knew the truth at that time." Sky clenched his fists and said, "Don't worry. I won't break their marriage. If Rose initiates a divorce, I will chase her again. If she insists, I will stand behind her in silence and spend the rest of my life paying her back, even if it means losing my own life."
	Hearing that, grandpa was embarrassed. After all, Sky and Bright were both his grandsons-in-law and he liked them both.
	In his eyes, Bright was cultured with high EQ, who was worthy of Rose's reliance. And Sky was as good as him, but was not that lucky.
	"I don't want you to lose your life. Just live well." Rose stood at the kitchen door, serious.
	Grandpa looked at Rose. Sky stood up behind the stove, "Rose…"
	"I paid a lot to save your life five years ago. How can you throw it away easily? What do you regard my efforts as? If I knew you would be like this, I would not have saved your ass!" Rose scolded him, "Sky, life is precious. Cherish it."
	"Rose, I know you still love me, right?" Sky stepped forward, slowed down when it was only two steps away from her, approached carefully and opened his arms trying to embrace her.
	Rose backed away, which meant rejection. Sky froze with his arms stopping in mid-air. She said, "There is only friendship between us without love. I only have Bright in my mind and I just want to be his good wife."
	This was her goal and rule set by herself. She owed Bright too much. She should bravely confront and solve the problem.
	She would be Bright's backer, letting him not worry about her. When getting home, he could have a warm dinner.
	She wanted to give Bright a warm family which belonged to them only.
	Sky put down his hand, with the light disappearing from his eyes.
	This was the first time she had expressed her firm love for Bright.
	Sky really couldn't accept that she had loved another man. He clenched his fists and teeth.
	"Rose, I just want to protect you as you did. This is my wish." Sky lowered his head and left.
	Grandpa looked at Sky leaving and then his gaze shifted to Rose who looked indifferent.
	"Grandpa, do you think I am so cruel? I have to be! I can't give him any illusions because I don't love him anymore." Rose said peacefully, "I have Bright and Doris. What I should do is cherish them."
	"You are right. It is only because he cannot accept the fact within a short time. We should give him time and space." Grandpa was understanding, "Don't blame yourself. Nobody can help him, except himself."
	When they were still talking, Sky came out with his suitcase and backpack. Grandpa stopped him, "What are you doing, Sky? It is time for breakfast."
	"Grandpa, I have decided to leave today. When you want to see me in the H City, I will be with you for sure." Sky turned his head and stared at grandpa.
	"Come on! Have breakfast first! How can you leave hungry?" Grandpa walked out of the kitchen and came up to him, "Have breakfast with me. Come on."
Chapter 294 If I Were Him, I Would Have Gone Earlier
	Sky looked at grandpa, but he still refused, "Grandpa, I have reserved a taxi last night. I am in a hurry. I am so sorry."
	Grandpa could understand what he was thinking about and it took time to get out of the sorrow. Grandpa said, "Wait a minute."
	Grandpa hurried back to the kitchen, opened the pot and put several steamed buns into a clean bag. Then, he came up to Sky and handed him the bag.
	"Remember to eat them. Don't get hungry!" Grandpa tapped his hand.
	"Thank you." Sky carried the bag gratefully, "Grandpa, take care and see you!"
	"See you and good luck, Sky."
	Grandpa saw him to the door. Sky bowed to grandpa and left reluctantly.
	Grandpa waved to him and looked after him. Until he disappeared at the corner, grandpa stood there for a moment with tears in his eyes.
	Rose came up, "Grandpa!"
	"Okay. I understand." Grandpa comforted Rose, "Bright is a good man and deserves your love. As for Sky, he will have his own fate. Cherish what you have now. Don't push away someone you love as he did, or you will regret."
	Rose was silent. Nothing was more important than being understood by grandpa.
	"Okay, I got it." Rose had changed her opinion, "I will cherish this marriage and also Bright."
	Rose looked up. What she saw was only Bright running back down the country road.
	Grandpa felt relieved, turned around and left.
	Rose was still seeing him approaching at the door until he came up to her.
	Bright was sweaty and sweat poured down his forehead.
	"You must be tired." Rose smiled.
	"I am not familiar with this place, so I just ran nearby. It doesn't matter." Bright caught her hand and walked into the courtyard.
	Rose got him his towel, "Dry your sweat."
	Bright took the towel and wiped his forehead and neck.
	"Sky has left." Rose initiated the talk.
	"Oh?" Bright didn't stop wiping. It seemed that he was not surprised at the news.
	"Why aren't you astonished?" Seeing him so quiet, Rose wondered why he was not excited by the departure of the rival.
	Maybe he was just pretending to be calm. After all, he was so mellow, but his heart might be bursting with joy.
	"If I were him, I would have gone sooner than now." He put the towel away, "I don't want to watch others show affection. It is too embarrassing! Why bother?"
	Rose didn't reply and walked into the bedroom to wake up Doris.
	Bright helped grandpa bring the breakfast down to the lobby, set chopsticks and pour the porridge into several bowls.
	Grandpa, Rose and Doris sat down to have breakfast.
	After breakfast, grandpa went to work in the fields and Rose tidied up the table and kitchen.
	When Bright was playing with Doris in the courtyard, he got a phone call and returned to the lobby.
	Then, someone was knocking at the door. It was so loud and urgent that it seemed there was something happening.
	Doris ran to open the door. It was a woman in her fifties, who looked fierce.
	Seeing the door opened, she shouted, "Come out! Rose."
	She kept shouting and walked into the courtyard. In the meanwhile, Rose finished cleaning up and came out of the kitchen. When seeing her, Rose said, "Ms. Loris, are you looking for me?"
	"Rose, you are a city dweller, right? Do you think Dudley is a fool? So you tricked him into coming here every day and bringing something to you? He nearly emptied the house for you!" Loris accused her angrily.
	Rose explained, "I have given back all the things to him and I didn't take anything."
	"How can I believe you? Do you have any idea how much those things are worth?" Loris raised her eyebrows, looking unconvinced.
	"How much do you want?" Bright ended the call early and went over to Rose, staring at Loris.
	Though his stare was peaceful, Loris still felt shocked.
	Swallowing, Loris pretended to be calm and asked, "Who are you?"
	"I am her husband!" Bright put his arms around Rose' s shoulder and held Doris, "This is our daughter."
	Loris was shocked and angry, shouting, "How dare you! You have got married, so why did you seduce my poor Dudley? Shame on you! Fuck you!"
	"Mind your words!" Bright restrained himself from quarrelling with her, "Go back and ask your son!"
	"Do you think he can be bullied easily?" Loris put her hands on her waist and said, "Let me tell you! I won't leave until you compensate us!"
	"This is enough!" Bright generously handed her a wad of cash.
	Looking at the red cash, Loris calmed down immediately. There was a smile on her face, with her hands reaching for the money.
	Bright took back the money in a flash and Loris didn't even touch it. He said discontentedly, "What do you mean?"
	He continued, "If you want to take the money, say sorry to my wife first!"
	"Fine!" She agreed for the sake of the money. She looked at Rose and said, "I am so sorry. I was just talking nonsense. As you know, I was uneducated, so please don't take it to heart."
	Her attitude changed so fast!
	Rose smiled, "Never mind!"
	Bright gave her the money. Loris smiled more happily. Bright said, "It has been over. If I hear you talk nonsense later, I will let you pay me back double the money! Is that clear?"
	"Get it! I won't say a word!" Loris was so happy that she began counting the money.
	She glanced at them halfway through the count and put the money into her bag, "I will just go back and pretend I haven't been here today."
	She was greedy and calculative, but it would be easy to deal with her.
	"You have given her a lot, right?" Rose knew it was large when seeing the wad of money.
	"Problems that can be solved with money are not problems." He couldn't care less about the money, as long as things could be solved easily.
	Rose was about to say something and the door was opened in a hurry.
Chapter 295 He Is My Husband
	Flower rushed into the courtyard, not looking well.
	When she came up to Rose, she was fully attracted by handsome Bright and froze.
	Seeing that, Rose asked her, "What's the rush, Flower?"
	"Rose, bad news! Mr. Wilfred fainted." She looked back and gasped.
	"What?" Rose thought she had misheard, "How come?"
	"I don't know. He just fainted in a sudden." Flower shook her head, "Let's get moving!"
	Rose went out in great anxiety. Bright caught her hand and said, "Don't worry. I am here."
	"Well!" Rose was comforted by the words. She looked at Flower and said, "Please help me look after Doris."
	"Okay." Flower held Doris and saw them leave.
	After a while, Flower asked Doris, crouching down, "Doris, who is that man?"
	"He is my father." Doris said proudly.
	"Your uncle is handsome, but your father is more handsome. Why are those handsome men all married?" Flower cupped her face disappointedly, looking at Doris's eyes.
	"Because they are popular!" Doris's answer was brilliant. "So you should have taken the initiative."
	Flower was upset, "My life is hopeless."
	Doris raised her chin with one finger and observed carefully, "I think you are so young and beautiful. Many men are fond of women like you."
	Flower was 22 years old. After graduating from college, she worked at the grassroots level, so she preferred coming back to her hometown.
	"Twenty-two is considered as an old woman here." Flower sighed, "You see. Here are women at my age being the mother of two children. Though I have been fixed up with many boys, most of them didn't get along well with me."
	"Why don't you seek a job in the city? There will be more chances." Doris suggested, "With your education background and personality, it is not difficult to get one."
	"I have just come back here to work. I can't leave now. If I have chance to work in the city, I will visit you." Flower held her hand and said, "At that time, you need to show me around."
	"A piece of cake." Doris patted her chest.
	Flower tapped the tip of her nose.
	On the other side, Bright and Rose reached the field in no time and saw grandpa carried to the roadside by the villagers.
	"Thank god you are here! Look at him, Rose." A warm-hearted villager said.
	Bright looked at him carefully and crouched down to see if he was still breathing and beating. After general inspection, Rose asked, "How is grandpa?"
	"He is still breathing and beating. Carry him home first." Bright said, "Put him on my back."
	"Rose, who is he? Is he capable? Let Dudley do it." In their eyes, Bright was not as strong as Dudley.
	"Thank you guys for your help. Now that we are here, we can take care of our own events." Bright clearly showed his identity and attitude.
	The public knew that he was a member of the Young family from his words.
	"He is my husband." Rose introduced Bright to the public liberally.
	They realized and looked at Dudley with sympathy and also irony.
	Rose continued, "Don't worry. He is a man who always keeps fit. No one here is more capable than him."
	Someone said, "I saw a man running in the field this morning. He seemed to be her husband."
	"Rose looks like a city dweller. Since Joy married into the city, relatives of the Young family have been all city dwellers. She can be regarded as the best of us. However, it was a pity that Green was too young…"
	"You can't say this in front of Mr. Wilfred, or he will be annoyed."
	…
	Rose didn't care what they said and helped Bright carry grandpa home.
	Bright put grandpa on the bed. Rose filled a bucket of water and wiped the mud off his body.
	In a moment a doctor came to give grandpa a diagnosis, but there was no any result. He just said Mr. Wilfred was safe temporarily and suggested them take him to the city and do a sound check.
	Rose sent the doctor away. Flower asked her, "Is Mr. Wilfred fine? What's the matter?"
	"He is fine now, but we need to take him to do a check in the city." Rose appreciated her concern, "Thanks for calling the doctor."
	"Life is the most important. Others will also do as I did." Flower smiled, "Great. Then I am leaving."
	"Okay."
	After Flower left, Doris said, "Mom, when he woke up, let's take him to an urban hospital for a check. We must cure him."
	"Great!" Rose touched her hair and said, "He is so stubborn that we need you to persuade him to go with us."
	"No problem!"
	"Rose, Doris, he is awake!" shouted Bright.
	Rose and Doris entered the room immediately. Mr. Wilfred had already been awake and Bright helped him sit up, placing a pillow behind his back.
	"Why am I here?" asked Mr. Wilfred.
	"Grandpa, you fainted in the field. How are you feeling now?" Bright gave him a cup of water, "Have a drink first."
	Mr. Wilfred took the cup and drank, trying to recall what had happened. He smiled, "I am so old that a little can tire me out."
	"No! You are ill and the doctor suggests you go to the city for a check." Doris lay by the bed and explained mildly, "Let's go. After the check you will get well as before."
	"Little Doris, it is because I am too old. It will be good to take a rest. Don't waste your money and I will stay here." Mr. Wilfred refused her suggestion.
	Rose predicted the result earlier, "Grandpa, you must listen to the doctor!"
	"Grandpa, if you are ill, let's go to see a doctor. If you are fine, let's go on a tour." Bright persuaded him, "We are afraid that you are not able to stay here alone. If you are checked all right, we will bring you here."
Chapter 296 He Can Solve It with Money
	Doris reached out to take Wilfred's hand and shook it lightly. She pouted, "Great-grandfather, Dad is right. We'll be worried about you. Just come back to the city with us. I'm already used to your cooking. I cannot eat well without you. Great-grandfather..."
	Wilfred couldn't resist Doris' cute look and childish words. He softened and looked at Doris, "But great-grandfather can't leave this family. I want to stay here with your great-grandmother."
	"It's spring now. I have to farm. If I leave, the fields will be deserted. I only know how to farm. So, I'm afraid I'll trouble you a lot if I go to the city with you. So, I will not go. I will be fine and take care of myself."
	Wilfred stretched out his wrinkled and dry hand and touched the top of Doris' head, his eyes full of love.
	"Grandpa, your health is more important. Don't be so stubborn." Rose felt sad when she saw how stubborn her grandfather was, "We cannot just go back and leave you here. If you do not go with us, then we will stay with you here all the time."
	Rose held Doris' shoulder and made such a decision.
	"Yes, Mom and I will stay with you." Doris nodded heavily.
	"This won't do. You have to go to school and your Mom has to take care of your Dad. How can you guys stay here all the time?" Wilfred shook his head, "You don't have to worry about me."
	"Grandpa, if you don't want us to worry, then come back with me." Rose also insisted.
	"Grandpa, are you afraid that there will be no one to farm?" Bright knew that Wilfred worried about his fields and did not want to see them deserted in spring, "I'll find a way to farm. Then you should go back to the city with me, okay?"
	Wilfred looked at Bright in confusion, "You don't want to do it for me, do you? You can't do this..."
	"Grandpa, it's true that I'm not good at this. I'm not going to mindlessly parade my ability either. But I can solve it." Bright looked to Rose, "Take good care of Grandpa, and I'll go to get it done."
	Bright said to Wilfred again and was afraid of him backtracking, "Grandpa, then it is decided."
	"Bright, I really don't want to go." Wilfred showed a sign of embarrassment.
	Bright's eyes were dark and calm. He said sincerely, "Grandpa, although Rose and I got married, we have not yet held the wedding. I am also preparing for a wedding. Our parents will meet for dinner recently to discuss this. As Rose's grandfather, how can you be absent?"
	Rose was a little surprised that Bright would say this. She glanced at Bright and did not interrupt him, just listening to him.
	"You are an elder and relative that she cares about. I don't think either you or she would want to miss such an important event. Once you missed it, it would be a regret forever. Grandma has gone. But I think she also wants you to go to the wedding to bless us on her behalf. Don't you think so?"
	Bright's words were pertinent and heartfelt. Wilfred indeed had no more reason to refuse.
	He definitely wanted to attend his granddaughter's wedding and see her happy. But...
	"I'll think about it again." Grandpa finally relented.
	Bright nodded, "Then I will wait for Grandpa's good news."
	After saying that, he went out. Seeing Bright leave, Rose asked Doris to play in the yard for a while, "Great-grandfather and mom have a secret to share."
	Doris was sensible enough to go out.
	Rose sat on the edge of the bed and looked at Wilfred, saying, "Grandpa, why don't you want to go? Is it because of my mother?"
	Wilfred paused for a moment, and then his face was gloomy, "I really don't want to see your mother. Your grandmother and I can't forgive her for her selfishness! She doesn't want to see me either. So why bother?"
	"Grandpa, I understand your feelings. It's okay if you don't want to see her. We can never see her." Rose also knew that what her mother had done had let her grandparents down. So, they were not on good terms, "We can go to City J, not City H."
	"City J?" Wilfred was puzzled.
	"Bright is from City J." Rose explained, "So we can go back to City J."
	Wilfred's face softened, but he still did not say anything.
	He wanted to get off the bed, "I am going to see what Bright is doing."
	"Grandpa, he'll deal with it. Don't worry." Rose said, "You just fainted and need to rest."
	At Rose's insistence, Wilfred took an extra hour's rest. Then, Rose took Doris to the field with him. They only saw that Bright stood there and there was someone who were registering something with their books, while the villagers were all lined up there.
	Rose and Wilfred didn't know what Bright was doing. So, they walked to him. Bright also saw them and came over to hold Wilfred.
	Wilfred watched those who registered went to his field, ripped the seedlings and bundled them, and carried them to the field. The people over there started to transplant rice seedlings. Everything was in order.
	"What are they doing?" Wilfred said.
	"Grandpa, don't worry. I will not waste your seedlings and will not let your field deserted." Bright did not tell Wilfred, "Rose, you should let grandpa rest at home."
	Wilfred, however, did not leave and just watched them here. The people in the village were farming. Soon, some people finished their tasks and went to the place where they registered just now to report their names. Then, there was another person to give money to them. These who received the money left.
	When someone passed by Wilfred after taking the money, he said, "Mr. Wilfred, your granddaughter-in-law is really nice."
	"Yes. I am willing to help you for such things in the future." Another person said.
	As Wilfred watched the people who had taken the money go back to their fields to farm, he asked Bright, "This is what you came up with?"
	"Buy labor with money." Bright admitted, "I think this is the best way."
	"But you work hard to earn the money... I cannot watch you waste it like this." Wilfred felt sorry, "The money could buy so much food."
	"Grandpa, don't say this. These seedlings can also produce a lot of food." Bright didn't want Wilfred to know about such a solution.
	After all, he was a businessman. The easiest way he chose was to solve it with money.
	It was okay even if it would cost more money. Because there would be less trouble.
	"And they will help you take care of your farm until you come back. You can also feel free to go to the city with us and do not have to worry about it." Bright had saved Wilfred from his worries.
	Seeing that Bright had already arranged it, Wilfred had even less reason to refuse. He agreed, "Before I go, I want to go and say goodbye to your grandmother."
	"OK. We'd like to meet grandmother too, so that she can know me and Doris," Bright said gladly.
Chapter 297 This Is 'Live Together and DieTogether'
	The next morning, Wilfred got ready to go see his wife. Rose plucked flowers, and they went to visit her grandmother's grave.
	Her grandmother's grave was on a hill. The grass was green and trees were lush. When they stood there, they could overlook the landscape and the view was quite good.
	Wilfred put the fruits and pastries he brought in front of the grave, "Honey, these are all your favorite foods. Just enjoy them."
	Rose offered a bouquet of flowers to her grandmother. The white and yellow wildflowers were beautiful.
	Bright lit the candles. He held the incense and visited grandmother's grave with Rose and Doris.
	Bright put the incense in place. Rose looked at the words on the tombstone, her eyes slightly moist, "Grandma, we are here to see you."
	Rose held Bright in one hand and Doris in the other, "Grandma, this is Bright, my husband, and Doris, my daughter. Don't worry. Bright is good to me. I am very happy now. You can see it in heaven. Please keep my Grandpa healthy. "
	"Great-grandma, I'm Doris, your great-granddaughter. Although I have never met you, I think you must be very gentle and loving. Great-grandma, please bless me to grow up safely. Bless my mom and dad and our family, and keep great-grandfather living a long life. I love you." Doris was cute.
	Bright touched Doris' head and said to Grandma's grave, "Grandma, don't worry. I will take good care of Grandpa, Rose and Doris. As long as I'm with them, I won't allow anyone to bully them."
	"I'm sorry I've never met you. But you must be as gentle and loving as Doris said just now...."
	After they all finished, Wilfred went forward and caressed the tombstone with his dry hand, as if he was caressing his wife, his eyes full of affection.
	Rose was touched by the love of her grandparents. Once they fell in love, they would be together for the rest of their lives. Even if one party was gone first, the other one would keep loving and live in endless yearning. He did not want to leave his lover and hoped to live here for a lifetime until he died and was buried with his lover.
	This was 'live together and die together'.
	"Honey, I've promised to go to the city with Rose and Bright. So, I may not be able to visit you or keep you company for a while. Rose and Bright will get married. I'll be there with your blessings and attend their wedding."
	"Honey, take good care of yourself during this time. After I come back, I will see the clouds on this sky, see the trees on this mountain with you... until I also close my eyes. Then, I can accompany you all the time."
	Wilfred said and the longing in his eyes was more intense.
	Rose was also moved by their feelings, her eyes red.
	Bright reached out and put his arm around her shoulders, letting her lean against him.
	Wilfred talked to his wife for a long time ...
	After visiting Grandma, Bright and Rose put all the luggage in the trunk of the Cayenne and then helped Wilfred get into the car.
	When Ms. Flower, who worked in the village committee, saw them, she came over and pulled Rose, "Rose, you're leaving?"
	"Yes. Grandpa fainted. I have to take him to the city for a checkup." Rose was a little worried about Wilfred's condition.
	"Don't worry too much. Mr. Wilfred is so nice and will be rewarded." Ms. Flower comforted Rose. Doris tugged at Ms. Flower's clothes, "Ms. Flower, have you forgotten about me?"
	"How could I forget you, Doris? You have to remember me after you go back." Ms. Flower picked up Doris in her arms.
	"Then please give me your cell phone number. I can call you when I go back. We can also become WeChat friend." Doris spread her palm at Ms. Flower.
	Ms. Flower put down Doris and hurried to the office to find a pen and paper to write down her number, "Remember to contact me when you get back. I'll look for you when I go to City Y."
	"Ms. Flower, we don't live in City Y, but City H, or City J." Doris put the note away, "But I'll definitely contact you when I get back. Remember to come see me. That's our agreement."
	"Just don't forget me." Ms. Flower habitually nudged the tip of her nose.
	After everything was ready, Bright saw them who were saying goodbye, "Ready?"
	"Ms. Flower, we're leaving."
	"Mr. Wilfred, Doris, Rose, Bright, goodbye." Ms. Flower waved at them.
	Bright nodded lightly in return. Then, he got into the car and started it, and left the village.
	Bright drove the car directly to the airport. Someone came to meet them and gave Bright the tickets they had booked. Then, they left City Y by plane.
	Their destination was City H. After all, Bright still had work to do in City H. Rose was afraid that Wilfred would be unhappy. So, she explained to him.
	"Grandpa, we still have something to deal with in City H. After dealing with it, we will go to City H. You won't meet my mom as long as you don't want to." Rose promised.
	"It's okay. We'll see each other at the wedding anyway." Wilfred seemed to let go and didn't want to embarrass Rose.
	They arrived at City H. A driver picked them up after they went out of the airport.
	The driver took them to Asgard Lake Community. Wilfred knew Bright's family was well off when he saw the villa.
	The decoration inside was very elegant, simple and generous. It was very tasteful.
	Bright had hired a servant to take care of Wilfred. The bedroom on the first floor was spacious and well-lit.
	Bright had arranged all this early. Rose could see how careful and considerate he was.
	"Grandpa, you must be tired from the bumpy ride. I'll help you go inside and rest for a while, and then call you for dinner." Rose helped Wilfred, "You can see if you like the bedroom or not."
	Wilfred went into the bedroom and saw that out the floor-to-ceiling window was a beautiful garden.
	Every day when people woke up, they could see the greenery and would feel happy.
	"Grandpa, do you like it?"
	"Yes, it is so great." Wilfred sat down on the soft bed and looked at the bright flowers, "Rose, Bright must be very rich, right? It's really aggravating for him to live in the countryside."
	"Grandpa, don't mind." Rose said, "Bright doesn't mind."
	"But I do. It's such a big gap." Wilfred sighed softly, "No wonder your mother wanted to marry your father by all means."
	"Grandpa, that's all in the past. Don't think about it anymore." Rose offered a glass of water for Wilfred.
	"Rose, that's a life ... I can't forget it even if I want to." Wilfred took the water and drank. He was depressed, "Those past ... do you want to know those past about your mother?"
Chapter 298 Timid
	Rose did not answer and remained silent. Because she did not care at all about her mother's past and was not curious.
	She had also heard a few words. But she didn't know why her mother married her father.
	Wilfred didn't care whether Rose would answer this question, but said, "Those things had been going on for decades. It all happened when your parents were young. I should not talk to you. After all, she is your mother. In the heart of the child, mother should be gentle and beautiful. I shouldn't ruin her image in front of you."
	"No, Grandpa. You are wrong. She was never one of those nice mothers. She is your daughter, and I don't want to ruin her image in front of you." Rose didn't tell Wilfred about what happened between her and her parents.
	"As you said, your mother is not a nice daughter either." Wilfred sighed heavily, "Your grandmother and I have been harmless and honest in our lives. But we have a daughter who even despises human life. Your mother killed a man to be with your father. I don't know if she will have nightmares when she sleeps."
	"Grandpa, my mother is strong and living a happy life now. You don't have to worry that she won't be able to sleep." Rose felt that people like her parents never had any conscience. That was why they weren't afraid of anything. All they cared about was money and power, and profit.
	Wilfred gently let out a long sigh of relief and stared at Rose.
	"Grandpa, don't think too much about it. Get some rest. I'm going to pack and will come to call you for dinner later." Rose then got up and left.
	She went out of Wilfred's bedroom and walked to the living room. Bright and Doris were gone.
	"Mrs. Lee, Mr. Lee has taken Doris upstairs." Ms. Phillis, who was hired to take care of Wilfred, said.
	"Thank you." Rose responded politely, then held the stair railing and went upstairs.
	When Rose went up to the second floor and headed towards the bedroom, she saw Bright coming out of Doris' room.
	Bright also caught a glimpse of her and walked towards her. He took her hand in his hand, "Doris got sleepy as soon as she arrived home and just fell asleep."
	"..." Rose thought Doris was still excited when they were going home in the car, "It'll be time for dinner in a few minutes."
	"It's good for her to get a half-hour nap. Besides, she fell asleep quickly." Bright pushed open the door to the room and pulled her into the bedroom.
	He asked Rose, "Are you tired?"
	"I'm okay." His concern made Rose feel his care for her in details, "Would you like to go take a shower and change your clothes first?"
	"That is what I want." Bright pinched her chin, "The one who knows me is Mrs. Lee."
	"Hey, stop it." Rose reached out to pull his hand off her chin. But Bright pinched it tightly and didn't have any intention of letting go.
	Being pinched, Rose had no choice but to look up to meet his eyes. His eyes were bright and very charming.
	"Don't you have to take a shower?" why was he seducing her now?
	"Come with me." Bright's voice was extremely hoarse.
	"I still have to pack. You go first." Rose felt her face hot, "I'll get your pajamas."
	Rose tried to break free of him. He let go in return.
	"It's not time to go to bed now. So, I do not need pajamas." Bright then walked to the bathroom.
	Rose watched Bright enter the bathroom, looked away and saw the suitcase and bags that he had carried up. She pushed them into the dressing room, then flattened and opened them, sorted out the clothes inside and hung them up, or folded them and put them in the drawer.
	She was so focused on packing. While hanging her clothes, she was hugged by Bright who had just bathed. It was not until then that she realized that she fell into his strong and broad chest.
	She almost cried out in surprise. But when she realized that the only man who could hold her so intimately in this room was Bright, she calmed down.
	The fresh smell of his shower and his own unique scent wrapped her tightly, which was familiar to her.
	"You had me scared." Rose's heart was thumping rapidly.
	"Are you so timid?" Bright turned her around to face him.
	Rose realized that his upper body was exposed. There was only a white bath towel around his waist. She felt that it would fall down if he moved a little too much.
	His upper body was well-muscled with beautiful lines. People could not take their eyes off him.
	Rose didn't know why she couldn't help but stare at his body.
	Maybe it was because people all liked to appreciate beautiful people or things.
	"Have you seen enough?" Bright grinned. Before Rose could react, he had pressed her lightly against the prongs of the closet.
	"Yes..." Rose naturally answered his question.
	Bright smiled more deeply, his eyes full of teasing.
	Rose answered before she realized that she had just been led off by Bright.
	She was a bit annoyed, bit her lip, and glared at Bright. But Bright's gaze became gentle and soft again. Since he had just bathed, his eyes were extra black and bright. His gaze was so soft that it attracted others' attention.
	Rose almost indulged in such a gentle and charming gaze.
	She was attracted by his gaze, and her eyes gradually became vague ...
	In her clear eyes, his handsome face magnified. Until Bright kissed her, Rose felt that she could not resist his kiss at all. She couldn't think about anything but kissing him.
	She couldn't avoid. She could only put her hands around his neck and respond to his passion.
	Bright stepped forward, almost forcing her to sit on the closet.
	He held her with both hands and placed her on the drawer, continued to kiss her.
	The passionate kiss almost caused her to lose her breath. Bright had to breathe into her. Until he was satisfied and content with the kiss, he finally let her go.
	She regained her breath and already blushed with shyness.
	Rose reached out and pushed him, but failed to move him, "Grandpa still is here. Can't you be more patient?"
	"Grandpa lives on the first floor. He won't go up to the second floor. Besides, it's our bedroom." Bright nudged the tip of her nose, "Do you think Grandpa has no manners?"
	"That's not what I meant." Rose explained.
	"Then you're agreeing with me. Why don't we have another..." Bright smiled mischievously.
	"Bad guy." Rose reached out to hit him. But to her surprise, she accidentally dropped his bath towel.
	She cried out.
Chapter 299 Inspection Results
	Rose made hometown food for dinner, hoping that Wilfred could enjoy it.
	Bright personally took the treasured wine to drink with Wilfred. But Rose stopped him, "Grandpa has to go to the hospital tomorrow for a checkup. He'd better not drink tonight."
	"Grandpa, well..." Bright stopped and turned to Wilfred, "Rose is so strict. We'd better not drink now. When the test is done and everything is okay, we can have a drink."
	"I am going to check up tomorrow?" Wilfred looked at Rose in surprise.
	"Grandpa, your health is very important. The sooner the checkup the better. Then, I can feel at ease." Rose's face was serious and she would not allow protest.
	"Bright and I drink the wine tonight. Then, I will go to the hospital the day after tomorrow for physical examination. It doesn't matter to be a day late." Wilfred tried to persuade Rose.
	"Grandpa, you really can't drink tonight. I've made an appointment with a doctor for you. So, you can just eat now." Rose took the wine away from Bright's hand, "I'll put the wine away for you. When the test is done and the doctor says it's okay, you can have a drink, okay?"
	Rose winked at Bright. Bright saw his wife's wink and persuaded Wilfred, "Grandpa, Rose is right. Your health is more important. We can make an appointment for a drink later."
	"OK." Wilfred didn't want to embarrass Bright. So he looked up at Rose, "Let's eat."
	"Grandpa, I'll give you a bowl of tofu carp soup, which can offer calcium and nutritious." Rose said as she picked up the bowl.
	Bright took the bowl in Rose's hand gallantly, "I'll give Grandpa soup."
	Rose glared at him. But Bright just smiled, not caring at all.
	He handed the soup to Wilfred, while Wilfred thanked him.
	"Grandpa, just help yourself here. Don't be so polite, or it will make us feel that there is anything we did wrong." Bright treated Rose's relatives as his own from the bottom of his heart. He was not as tough as he was at work. He was so easy-going now, which even made others think that it was not like him.
	"OK." Wilfred smiled and nodded, then took a sip of the soup. He tasted the soup and said, "This soup is very delicious."
	Bright quickly replied, "Of course it is fresh and delicious. After all, it is made by Rose, whose cooking is no worse than that of a chef in a five-star hotel, or even better."
	Doris held the bowl and said, "Dad, you're not only a hen-pecked husband but also an ass-kisser."
	Bright became serious and tried to explain for himself, "Doris, you don't understand. This is my love for your mother."
	"Alright..." Doris just pursed her lips and smiled.
	Rose glanced at Bright, who was a little embarrassed in front of his daughter, and smiled. Then, she looked down to eat.
	Bright offered Doris a chicken wing, "Eat your favorite chicken wing."
	After dinner, Rose and Bright took Wilfred and Doris to the opposite seaside park for a walk. They walked back and forth along the curved seaside trail.
	Rose took care of Wilfred until he slept, while Bright took care of Doris.
	It was 9:30 when they returned to their room. After a shower, Rose and Bright lay down on the bed. Bright held Rose in his arms, "Are you worried about Grandpa's illness?"
	"I'm a little uneasy until I get the inspection results." Rose frowned.
	"Grandpa will be fine. Do not scare yourself. Now, the medical science is so advanced. Many diseases can be cured." Bright entwined his fingers with hers, "I will find the best doctor. I'm here. Don't worry."
	"Alright." Rose gently put her other hand around his shoulder, and leaned herself against him at ease.
	It was really reassuring to have Bright there.
	"Sleep." Bright caressed her back with other hand, slowly and gently.
	Early the next morning, Bright took Doris to kindergarten while Rose took Wilfred to the hospital.
	Because Bright had made an appointment with a doctor in his hometown, they could have a smooth examination today, with fast speed and good service.
	"Grandpa, are you tired?" Rose took a cup of hot water and gave it to Wilfred, "Drink some water and rest. We'll get some examination reports for the doctor later."
	Grandpa took the cup of water and drank two sips, sighing, "I am too old to stand it."
	When Rose got all the examination reports and showed them to the doctor, the doctor, who was about fifty years old, only frowned slightly and looked at Rose again.
	"Dr. Gray, let me know if there is anything wrong." Rose clenched her fists, beginning to feel alarm.
	Dr. Gray habitually pushed the glasses on the bridge of his nose and then said, "According to the results of the examination, it is initially judged that the old man has a tumor in his brain, which is now about 25mm in size. The tumor pressed on the brain nerve and caused him to faint."
	"Tumor?" hearing this, Rose became serious and shocked, "Dr. Gray, what should we do then?"
	"The best way is to do surgery to remove it. Otherwise, with this situation going on, he may be blind and unable to move." Dr. Gray advised, but also informed the risks.
	"..." Rose frowned tightly, "What is the success rate of the surgery?"
	"After all, your grandfather is already more than seventy years old. The operation risk is higher. So, I am not sure now and have to study it before replying you." Dr. Gray looked at Rose who had a sad face, "But there is also the possibility of having a relapse after removing the brain tumor. Once having a relapse... He is so old and may not even survive the operation..."
	"I know, doctor. I'll think about it." Rose held back her tears, but her eyes were already uncontrollably red, "Please don't tell my grandfather about this. I don't want him to feel bad."
	"Well, I understand." Dr. Gray nodded, "With your grandfather's current situation, I think the sooner he is hospitalized the better. At least, it can reduce his pain. In the future, he will faint more frequently..."
	"OK. Then I'll arrange for hospitalization first."
	Rose pursed her lips tightly, and her long, slender eyelashes were full of tiny drops of tears.
	She kept taking deep breaths, adjusted her emotions, and suppressed the sadness that raged in her heart. She tried not to let it spread to the tip of her nose and eyes.
	Dr. Gray handed her the prescribed hospitalization form, "Go and do the procedure."
	"Thank you, Dr. Gray." Rose then picked up the form and went for the admission procedure.
Chapter 300 Who Is This Woman?
	Rose adjusted her emotions, left the doctor's office, and walked to the rest area not far away.
	When Wilfred saw Rose coming, he asked, "How is it? There should be nothing wrong with me, right? Can we go home now? I can have a nice drink with Bright tonight."
	Hearing her grandfather's light tone, Rose was sad inside, "Grandpa, the doctor hasn't found out exactly what's wrong with you. We can't go home yet and have to stay in the hospital for observation."
	"We can't go home? I need to be hospitalized?" The smile on Wilfred's face was gone. His face sank, "Must I be hospitalized and lie on the bed all day? Rose, even if I am not sick, I will feel unwell if I always lie on the bed."
	"Grandpa, we should listen to the doctor and wait for the results. As long as we get it, we can be released." Rose knew that Wilfred was used to working for many years. So, it was really difficult for him to lie still and not move all the time.
	"How long will it take?" Wilfred asked.
	"It shouldn't take long. I'll push the doctor. Grandpa, don't worry." Rose was also not sure. But what she had to do now was to persuade Wilfred first, "Grandpa, Grandma is gone. You are the only relative I have now."
	Rose reached out to take Wilfred's arm and then gently rested her head on his shoulder. She was as intimate as when she was a child.
	"Grandpa, how can I answer to Grandma if I don't take good care of you? Please listen to the doctor. Grandma would also want you to listen to the doctor if she was there. I will be with you."
	Wilfred looked sideways at Rose, who was leaning on his shoulder, and reached out to pat her head, "Okay, you win."
	Hearing this, Rose smiled, while her eyes were full of sadness.
	"I'll go do the hospitalization procedures then." Rose took a deep breath, then got up with a smile, "Wait for me here."
	"OK." Wilfred smiled and nodded.
	Rose felt that she could not hold back her tears in front of Wilfred anymore. So, she hurried to step away. When she reached the corner, she could no longer hold back her tears.
	Fearing she would make a sound, Rose reached out to cover her mouth and turned away.
	The next second, Rose felt someone hug her from behind and smelled the familiar smell.
	"What happened?" the gentle and melodious voice hit her soft heart.
	Rose turned around and threw herself into his arms, crying even heavily.
	Bright didn't say anything and just let her vent her emotions. When Rose calmed down, he asked, "What's wrong with Grandpa?"
	"Dr. Gray said it's a brain tumor..." she repeated what Dr. Gray said to her and then looked up from his arms, her eyes watery and charming, "Why are you here?"
	"I came after a meeting. There was nothing important to deal with anyway." Bright said lightly, "I knew you would cry. What if Grandpa saw you like this?"
	"I didn't cry in front of him." Rose bit her lip.
	"But your eyes are red." Bright raised his hand and touched her eyes, "It is not the time to cry now. I will find a way. If it can't be cured at home, we'll go abroad to find a better brain doctor. Trust me and leave it to me."
	Rose had an innate trust in Bright. As long as he had promised something, he would do it.
	She believed Bright could do it and good people like Grandpa would be rewarded.
	"I'll go for the admission procedure. You stay with Grandpa." Bright took the admission slip from her hand.
	Rose took two breaths and nodded.
	Bright was very efficient. After all, he was a big man with a high social status and did everything easily.
	Wilfred was admitted to a VIP room, so that he would not be disturbed and could recuperate at ease.
	Rose wanted to stay with Wilfred personally. Bright had no objection and was just afraid she would be too tired.
	Wilfred didn't agree with her being here all the time. He thought he was a man after all. So, after discussion, Rose came to stay with him during the day and asked a nurse to look after him at night.
	On the second day of Wilfred's hospitalization, Rose brought chicken porridge early in the morning, as well as some dishes. Wilfred like them.
	In the morning, Wilfred had a drip and Rose was with him.
	Then, Rose got a call from Matthew, "I know you're back. Do you feel better after travelling?"
	"Mr. Matthew, thanks for your concern." Rose was a bit surprised when she received a phone call from Matthew, "What can I do for you?"
	"Rose, you still have your position in the company. The company also needs you. The project of Beach Hotel can't do without you. I hope you can come back and continue to work with us." Matthew invited sincerely.
	Rose looked down and was silent for a moment.
	"Is there any difficulty? Mr. Bright will not restrain your freedom of work, right?" Matthew joked.
	"Mr. Matthew, thank you for the sincere invitation. But I'm sorry I can't come back. Please don't wait for me." Rose didn't want to occupy that position.
	"Did something happen?" Matthew was keen, "Rose, although we are colleagues, I already consider you as a friend privately. You can talk to me if something happened."
	Rose hesitated for a moment, but finally said the reason, "My grandfather is sick and needs to be taken care of. I want to spend more time with him."
	"Okay, I understand. I hope your grandfather will be lucky and recover soon." Matthew said a few more words and then hung up.
	In the afternoon, Matthew came to the hospital to visit Wilfred after work, carrying nutritious food, fruits, and flowers.
	"Why are you here?" Rose saw this and got up to greet him.
	"I stop by to visit Mr. Wilfred." Matthew put down the fruit.
	"What about Wyatt? Didn't you pick him up?" Rose knew Matthew always picked up Wyatt as soon as he got off work. But today, he came here alone.
	"My mom came to my place. She went to pick up Wyatt." Matthew smiled.
	"You can relax a bit after your mom came here to help you." Rose put the flowers in the vase.
	Matthew did not answer and just smiled bitterly a little.
	Rose did not ask more questions, but introduced to Wilfred, "Grandpa, this is Matthew, my former boss and friend."
	"Mr. Wilfred, how are you?" Matthew said.
	"Hi Mr. Matthew, thank you for taking care of Rose."
	"We are colleagues. Don't mention it."
	After chatting for a while, Rose saw that it was getting late and said, "Let's go. I'll treat you to dinner."
	Matthew hesitated for a moment before agreeing.
	They said goodbye to Wilfred and went to a restaurant. They had just ordered food and were chatting when a woman suddenly appeared and splashed a glass of lemonade on Rose's face.
	"Matthew, who is this woman?"
Chapter 301 I Can Sue You for Libeling Me
	Rose was caught off guard by being splashed with water. Her hair got wet and the lemonade dripped down her chin, which made her look embarrassed.
	Matthew was also panicked. He hurriedly grabbed a tissue to wipe Rose's face and said, "Rose, sorry..."
	"It has nothing to do with you. I'll clean it myself." She took the tissue from him and wiped the water stain herself.
	"Matthew, what's wrong with Velina? You've been avoiding her because of this woman?" The middle-aged woman who splashed water on Rose scolded Matthew, insulted Rose, and even gave Rose a hateful glare.
	Matthew felt a headache. His face froze and he suppressed his anger. "Mom, she's not a coquette. She's my colleague and friend."
	"Friends? A friend who can have dinner with a man as she likes? A friend who still pesters you when she knows that you have a fiancée? What is she if she is not a coquette?" Madam Sue said justly, "And you haven't come home for a whole week, apparently to hide from me and Velina. And now you are having dinner with another woman. What do you mean?"
	Madam Sue's arrogance drew the guests' attention, and they were watching at them.
	"It's unreasonable! So unreasonable!" Matthew was angry, "How don't I know that I have a fiancée?"
	"Matthew, there's no point in denying it." Madam Sue pushed a beautiful girl standing beside her in front of Matthew, "Velina is your fiancée."
	Velina looked at Matthew, who looked sullen, and said weakly, "Matthew, I..."
	"Do I agree that she is my fiancée?" Matthew stared at Velina sharply. "I have made these things very clear in private. This is a public place and I don't want to embarrass anyone, especially an unmarried girl. If you don't mind, Mom, I'll say it again in front of everyone."
	Velina took two steps back, standing behind Madam Sue, looking so aggrieved that she almost cried.
	"Velina, don't be afraid. I'm here with him. You are the daughter-in-law I like. No one can enter the Sue Family except you, especially those shameless coquettes!" What Madam Sue meant was Rose.
	"Mom, I said she is not a coquette. She is my friend. Please apologize to her!" Matthew was speechless and ashamed of his mother's behavior.
	"What did you say? I'm your mother, and you're asking me to apologize to her? Why!" Madam Sue was unconvinced.
	"Because you just splashed water on me for no reason." After sorting out herself, Rose stood up, with strong aura.
	"You seduce my son, so that he didn't go home for a week, and you destroyed his marriage with Velina. I am kind enough to you to just splash water on you!" Madam Sue was completely unreasonable, "I haven't slapped you!"
	"Mom, that's enough!" Matthew was so angry that his chest heaved up and down. "Go home now, or you'll never see Wyatt and me!"
	"You threatened me?" Madam Sue gnawed her teeth, "Are you still my son?"
	"Mother, you haven't changed at all. I can't bear it anymore! My life is in my control, and even if you are my mother, you have no right to interfere!" Matthew replied forcefully, "Now go back and pack your things and leave tomorrow in the morning, or don't blame me for being rude to you."
	"You..." Madam Sue was speechless, and her eyes were red.
	"Godmother, listen to Matthew and go home." Velina held Madam Sue's arm and said, "Don't anger Matthew again. It will hurt your relationship."
	"Silly girl, which is more important, my relationship with Matthew or your innocence? You have already slept together, and he should be responsible for you!" Madam Sue told the truth in front of the public.
	Matthew furrowed his brows and bit his lips tightly. He didn't expect to meet his mother when he had dinner with Rose, and he didn't expect such a very unpleasant thing would happen.
	Rose also looked at Matthew in surprise. Matthew was not such a man in her mind. After a few seconds, the shock disappeared from her eyes.
	"Mr. Sue, I have to go now." Rose decided that she should not get involved in the affairs of their family.
	Rose started to go, but Madam Sue stopped her and didn't let her leave. "What's the matter? Are you afraid or disappointed? Why leave in such a hurry?"
	"Madam Sue, please move aside."
	"As long as you ensure that you will stop pestering my son and apologize to Velina, I will let you go, or you admit that you are a coquette."
	Rose looked at Madam Sue and smiled gently, as if she was looking at a psycho.
	"Your calling me as a coquette is a slander on my reputation." Rose's smile was still soft, but her tone was strong, "It's you who should apologize," she said.
	"Hum! What a joke." Madam Sue sneered.
	"You don't want to apologize. That's fine. You might expect my lawyer's letter." Rose responded defiantly.
	The smile on Madam Sue's face did not reduce a bit, instead, her eyes were filled with contempt, "You think I'm afraid of you? The Sue family is not so easy to deal with. Let's wait and see."
	Madam Sue did not know Rose's identity, but Matthew did. He urged his mother, "Mom, I advise you to apologize. When the layer's letter comes, I'm afraid you'll regret."
	"What a joke." Madam Sue did not care about her son's kind reminder.
	"Then we'll see who makes the joke."
	"I'm sorry, Rose. You may go home now." Matthew stood in front of his mother and let Rose go first.
	Rose thanked him with her eyes and left gracefully.
	Madam Sue rebuked her son, "What the hell are you doing? You are collided with an outsider to bully your mother and Velina. You must be responsible for her!"
	Matthew didn't pay attention to her, and he didn't want to make a fool of himself in the public.
	"Mom, enjoy your last supper. From now on, you should take care of yourself." Matthew angrily picked up his suit jacket and strode away.
	"Matthew, stop!" Madam Sue cried, looking at his back, but he never stopped, and even left faster.
	Madam Sue felt a pain in her chest. Velina supported her and said, "Godmother, Matthew is really angry this time. Let's forget it. I don't want him to be responsible for me."
	"No, that can't be! I'm his mother and I have the final say."
	Matthew came out of the restaurant and hurried up to Rose. "I'll take you home."
	"No."
	"Rose, I apologize on behalf of my mother."
	"I know she's for your own good, but in the wrong way. Wyatt needs a mother, and you need someone to take care of you. The girl doesn't look bad. You might as well think about her." Rose spoke with sincerity.
	"That's not what my mother said. Why don't we have a talk in another place?" Matthew looked bitter.
Chapter 302 He Didn't Want to Make Do with His Marriage
	Rose looked at the bitterness in Matthew's eyes, and before she could say anything, Matthew said, "Well, I'd better send you home, so that Mr. Lee won't worry."
	"He's not in City H." After Bright took Rose to the hospital this morning, he went straight to the airport.
	"Is he back to City J? Or on business?" asked Matthew.
	"He went abroad." Rose looked at the neon in the distance. "He went abroad to find a brain specialist for my grandfather."
	Matthew was silent for a second. "Mr. Lee is so filial. Your grandfather would be fine."
	"Yes, Grandpa will be all right." Rose cheered herself up. "Come on, let's find somewhere else to have a chat."
	Matthew was a bit surprised, and Rose added, "I think of a place we could go."
	"Good." So they left together.
	Rose gave directions, Matthew drove the car. They parked the in the public parking lot and then walked down a quaint alley by the river to a beef noodle restaurant called Granny's Noodle House.
	"The beef noodles here are very delicious." Rose sat down at a wooden square table by the river, and Matthew sat down beside her.
	Rose asked Matthew for his advice and said to the owner, "Miss, two bowls of beef noodles; one is medium and the other is large."
	"Miss Linder, wait a minute." The owner was a middle-aged woman always wearing a smiling face.
	"It seems that you are a regular guest." Matthew said.
	"Well, my grandma used to bring me here for noodles, and I remember the taste all the time. This is the first time I have eaten noodles here." Rose gave a pair of chopsticks to Matthew. "Let's talk about you."
	Matthew took the chopsticks and put them away, hesitating Finally, he said, "I thought my mother came to see us because she missed her grandchild, but I didn't expect her to come with Velina."
	"That day she and Velina cooked a lot of dishes together. My mother opened the red wine. I did not drink much but I got dizzy, and then I fainted. When I woke up, I found myself and Velina lying on the same bed, with nothing on.
	My mother came in and saw us naked, and then she asked me to be responsible for Velina, who kept crying. I knew it very well that I had never touched Velina. How could I feel nothing if such a thing really happened? Besides, I'm not a bad drinker. How could I have the strength to do such a thing if I passed out?"
	"But my mother didn't listen to my explanation. She just wanted me to marry Velina. She even threatened me by jumping off the building. I would be responsible for what I have done, otherwise, I don't want to be at the mercy of anyone."
	"So I moved out of the house and went to a hotel, so my Mom couldn't find me, but they ran into me in a restaurant today. I'm really sorry for causing you so much trouble."
	Matthew spoke out all his feelings in his heart in one breath, and suddenly felt much lighter.
	"What about Wyatt?" Rose was worried.
	"I asked my assistant to take him to the hotel. He's accompanied, you can rest assured." Matthew sighed slightly.
	Two bowls of beef noodles have been served to them, "Miss Linder, sir, enjoy yourselves."
	Matthew looked worried. "If I had known my mother came to force me to marry Velina, I shouldn't have been so careless. I can't prove my innocence now. They won't believe anything I say."
	Rose mixed the noodles in the bowl. "I believe you are not such a person."
	"Really? You believe me?" Matthew's dark eyes flashed with light, and felt very moved. At least there was one person in the world who believed in him, and he felt it was worth it.
	"You have a good character. I believe in you as a friend." Rose affirmed again, "Just like you believed in me back then."
	Matthew believed in her character when others were gossiping about her.
	She believed in him now, as he had done before.
	"Thank you, Rose." Matthew raised the tea to toast to Rose.
	Rose picked up the glass and toasted back. "Have some noodles."
	Matthew took a big bite. "It is delicious."
	Rose smiled and ate her own noodles. When they had eaten enough, Rose took a sip of water. "Do you ever think that you need to reconstruct a family, you need someone to take care of you and Wyatt, and Wyatt needs a mother?"
	"I think Miss Velina is kind at heart. She was just incited by your mother, or maybe she loves you and wants to have a try. Can't you just give her a chance and give yourself a chance? Or are you going to stay single?"
	"Chance is for a woman who can catch my heart. I have to like that woman before I marry her. And if she loves me, she would be kind Wyatt." Matthew still had some expectations in his heart. "What's the point of getting married if I just make do it with it? I just don't want to make do with marriage."
	"You... Haven't you gotten over Wyatt's mother?" Rose asked tentatively, holding the cup.
	Matthew drank the water in one gulp and put it on the table. "I have moved on."
	"The you can start your new life. If you don't accept Miss Velina, you can try to meet someone else. It's not the best way to live with Wyatt alone." Rose advised Matthew.
	When you really forgot someone, you would never remember her or mention her.
	"I will try." Matthew pulled out his wallet to foot the bill.
	Rose did not scramble with him for the bill, then Matthew took Rose home.
	Nanny had already put Doris to sleep. Rose went to Doris's room, looked at Doris's sleeping face and kissed her on the face. Seeing her face similar to Bright's, she began to miss him.
	In the dead of night, miss became especially strong.
	The next morning, Rose took Doris to school and went to the hospital to be with her grandfather.
	She brought him wontons today, and he liked them very much. She cooked 30 pieces of wontons for grandpa, and he ate them all, not even leaving the soup.
	"Grandpa, take it slowly. If you like it, I will make another for you."
	"Do you remember your grandmother used to make this for us when you were little? It reminds me of your grandmother." Grandfather was a little sad. "Your grandmother has been out there alone for so many years. She must be lonely."
	Of course, Rose remembered that. When she was a child, her grandma made the wontons by herself, and she could eat a whole of 15 to 20 pieces.
	"Grandpa, I'll wash the dishes." Rose took the bucket to the bathroom to clean it, but she felt like a grain of sand in her eyes.
	It seemed that... there were other meanings in his words.
	When she washed the dishes, she was surprised to see a man.
Chapter 303 Our Goal Is the Same
	Sky, who was standing by her grandfather's hospital bed, also looked at Rose. Their eyes met for a second in the air, and Rose moved away from her sight and hid her surprise.
	Although she did not know how Sky knew about his grandfather's hospitalization, Sky was filial to visit her Grandpa.
	"I heard that Grandpa was ill, so I came to visit him." Sky explained.
	"Great." Rose said nothing more. "Have some chats. I'll wash the fruit."
	"Rose, I went to a meeting in your company and asked Matthew to let you come back and continue to work on the waterfront hotel project, since you were the lead designer at the beginning, but he told me that your grandfather was sick and you couldn't come back...
	He didn't say it on purpose, he just wanted to help you refuse me."
	Sky didn't want Rose to blame Matthew for something.
	"I'm not that stingy."
	Rose went on to wash the fruit.
	Sky looked at Rose's back and had mixed feelings.
	Grandpa stretched out his hand and pulled Sky, "Sky, sit down."
	"Grandpa, how are you?" Sky recovered and sat down and asked, "What's wrong?"
	"When you left, I fainted. Rose and Bright brought me to City H for tests, but the results haven't been out." Grandfather laughed and said, "I am an old bone now. It is normal to have some healthy problems. I know myself well, and it would be all right. They are too fussy and insisted that I should be hospitalized. Lying here every day with nothing to do makes me feel more upset than working. It's just like spending money and while getting into trouble..."
	Grandpa was complaining, but actually, he was showing off, showing off how nice his granddaughter and grandson-in-law were to him.
	Sky smiled, "Grandpa, Rose wants you to be good. When you get well, let's go to climb mountain together. The scenery on the mountain is wonderful."
	"Good." Grandfather nodded and said, "Sky, I did not regard you as an outsider. In my heart, you are my grandson just like Rose. I want you to smile more and be happy."
	"Grandpa, don't worry about me. You must get better soon." Sky knew that Grandpa wanted him to forget Rose and stop trapping himself in the past.
	"I will." Grandpa nodded, "I want to see Rose and Bright's wedding ceremony, and I want to see you find your happiness, so that I can go to see your grandmother with peace."
	"Grandpa, what are you talking about! When Rose came out with the washed apples, she heard what Grandpa said, which made her very sad. "Bright and I will ask the best doctor to cure you. You'll live for a long time. Grandpa, don't say that again."
	"Yes, the medical science is so advanced now. Just rest assured." Sky also comforted Grandfather, but he did not ignore Rose's sad eyes.
	"Well, well, I will live for a long time."
	Rose peeled the apple and cut it into pieces. Grandpa asked Sky to eat the apple.
	After a while, the nurse came to give Grandpa an intravenous drip. Sky got up and said goodbye to Grandpa, "Grandpa, I have to go back first. I will visit you when I am free."
	"Yes, thank you Sky."
	"Could you see me off?" Sky extended an invitation to Rose.
	Rose could not refuse. He was coming to see her grandfather after all, so she sent him to the hospital room.
	As soon as they got out of the ward, Sky asked her gravely, "What's wrong with Grandpa?"
	"It's none of your business." Rose looked away. She did not want to meet his eyes, afraid that she wouldn't hold on her emotions.
	"Rose Linder!" Sky called her by her full name, which he used to call her only when he was angry. "If there is a problem, we can solve it together. I also hope grandpa can get better. If our goal is the same, then tell me? One more person can figure out one more method, isn't it?"
	"If you don't tell me, I'll ask the doctor."
	"You have no right to know if you are not a relative." Rose said.
	"Grandpa said I am his grandson." Sky clenched his fist. "My grandfather's business is my business. I'll know everything in my own way."
	Sky finished and started to leave. Rose looked at his back and bit her lips, "Stop."
	Sky stopped, turned around and looked at her, waiting for her words.
	"He suffers from brain tumor, and the doctor said the only way is to remove it, but the risk is very high, but if he does not remove it, he will faint more and more frequently. It will compress his optic nerve and motor nerve, so he will lose his sight or be unable to move... If we take a conservative way, I'm afraid grandpa..." Rose could not continue.
	It was a cruel fact that she could not take with ease.
	She didn't want to lose her grandfather. She just wanted him to be alive.
	Sky frowned deeply and stretched out his hand to pat Rose's shoulder, but after a pause, he took it back and held it tight, "I will go to find the best doctor. Rest assured. Neither of us will lose grandpa. I have to go now. Take care of Grandpa."
	Sky strode away. Rose raised her hand and gently wiped the tears from her eyes. Then she ran after him again and said, "Sky, grandpa doesn't know his illness yet, so don't show it in front of him"
	"I see. Go back with Grandpa."
	"I'll walk you down. I have something for Dr. Gray."
	Rose sent Sky out of the inpatient department. After sending Sky away, she turned around and went to the outpatient building. Only a few meters away, she saw Sophie standing on the stairs.
	She might have seen her with Sky.
	She stood there, with her belly bulging, and a checklist in her hand. Her eyes fixed on Rose like two sharp swords that were about to cut her to pieces.
	Rose seemed not to see Sophie, and was going to go over her.
	"Rose, I'm not going to throw in the towel." Sophie said as Rose walked over her.
	"Sophie, now that you're a mother. Be nice, just for the sake of your child." Rose reminded her, "Is winning or losing more important to you than having a baby?"
	"Because of you, my child will be born fatherless and I lost my husband! Now it is more important for me to win. As long as I win, then I will get everything."
	"It can't go back to the way it was." Rose shattered her illusion, "and these are all what you have sowed. You are hoisted by your own petard. Sophie, take care of yourself."
	"Rose, don't be smug! You can't have what I don't have. I will show Sky that I am the one who loves him most." Sophie was still so stubborn "You're not going to take him away."
	"I don't want to waste time on you." Rose did not want to say much, and walked away.
	As soon as she left, Sophie crumpled the checklist into a ball of paper and was furious, which made her abdomen ache a bit.
Chapter 304 Either She or I Can Stay
	The more she thought, the more Sophie felt resentful, because Rose was to blame for her not being the Linder family's daughter and the daughter-in-law of the Tanner family. Her life and happiness had been ruined by Rose.
	So she hated her so much that she wanted to drink her blood, tear her bones apart, and eat her flesh.
	Why did she live so abjectly while Rose could be adored by millions?
	She had got married and had a kid, but why did she still hang on to Sky?
	She wouldn't let it go. She would never let it go.
	Sophie was so angry that she bit her lips white, and her lower abdomen twitched, and her eyebrows tightened.
	"Sophie, let's go back... Why do you look so pale? What's the matter with you?"
	"My... my abdomen hurt..." Sophie's face was bloodless and she grabbed Timothy's arm. "My abdomen..."
	"Sophie, what happened..." Timothy held her up.
	Sophie leaned on his shoulder, and her breath was weak.
	"Doctor, doctor, help..." Timothy shouted, holding Sophie in his arms. "Save our baby..."
	The footsteps were heard, and doctors and nurses quickly wheeled the lathe in. Timothy assisted the paramedic in lifting Sophie onto the bed, and then she was taken to the emergency room.
	"Sophie, don't worry. With the doctor and me here, you'll be fine." Timothy followed them, and held tightly Sophie's hand.
	Sophie was wheeled into the emergency room, while Timothy was kept outside. He held his hands against the metal door, feeling mad.
	He took two steps back, turned around, approached the emergency room door, but then backed away... He was so anxious.
	Although he had some doubts that the baby Sophie was carrying was not his, he was expecting the baby to be his.
	He was in his late thirties, approaching the forty years old. He hadn't settled his life after playing around with so many women for so many years. He was glad that he had the child, and it was the woman he loved who bore his child, so of course he would take it seriously.
	He accompanied Sophie to have the childbirth examination today. He had calculated that Sophie got pregnant after their first sex. He thought maybe this child was really his, so he put everything down, just wanted to live a good life with Sophie, and had a lovely child.
	He had never felt such a strong fear of loss before, and his desire for the child grew stronger.
	He crossed his hands together on his face and prayed that the baby would be fine and so would Sophie.
	The torment dragged on so slowly that every minute seemed to weigh on Timothy. It was as if a century had passed when the emergency room door happened.
	It was as if he were blind to the light, and his eyes were full of hope and light.
	"Doctor, how is she? Is the baby all right?" Timothy hurried forward to ask.
	Sophie was then pushed out, and his eyes were drawn as she was pushed into the elevator.
	"Fortunately, you have sent her here in time so that the child could be saved. The mother is in poor health, plus she got emotional, so there was a sign of abortion."
	"I have given her an injection to protect her fetus. Now she has to stay in hospital for a week and tried not to do any outdoor activities. If you want to keep the child, she couldn't be emotional again. What's more, she should strengthen nutritious diets, otherwise we can't do anything to it." The doctor also signed slightly, "You should take good care of your child and wife."
	"Yes, doctor, you are right." Timothy's smile deepened when he heard that the baby was fine. "You can rest assured that I will take care of her."
	"Great. You should be more careful in future." The doctor was pleased with Timothy's attitude.
	"Can I go and see her now?"
	"Go ahead."
	"Thank you, doctor."
	Timothy smiled like a child who had eaten candy and ran away happily.
	Timothy arrived in Sophie's room and saw her lying on the bed, her face as pale as paper and as pathetic as a fragile doll.
	She slowly opened her eyes and looked at Timothy, with worry in her eyes. "How... how about the child?"
	He stepped forward, sat in a chair by the bed, and took her hand gently. "The doctor said the baby is fine."
	Sophie just nodded, feeling relieved.
	"Sophie, the exam was all right, but all of a sudden your tummy hut. The doctor said you were being emotional. What was going on?" Timothy was worried.
	The thought of Rose's proud look angered her again, "Timothy, someone is trying to harm our child."
	"Who?" asked Timothy.
	"It's Rose. I bumped into her just now and she said something shape that stimulated me, so I had an abdominal pain." Sophie held his hand back. "Timothy, you said you'd listen to me once I have your baby, didn't you?"
	"Yes, as long as the baby is mine, I'll do anything you want me to." Timothy paused and said, "What do you want me to do? To deal with Rose?"
	He had already guessed Sophie's mind when she said so.
	"Sophie, it's not that I don't want to deal with her. It's just that we're not in a position to compete with her right now. If we come into conflict with her in this way, we will be doomed to fail."
	"You're afraid of her, aren't you?" "Sophie interrupted him excitedly, "She used to bully me and you didn't help me, and now she's trying to kill our baby! Can you just turn a blind eye to it?"
	"This time it's me, and next time it could be you. Do you think she'll let you go just because you didn't offend her? She and I grew up together, and I know her better than you do! Rose is a vicious woman, very vindictive. And now Bright backs her up now. Think how she treated you before."
	"Timothy, we can't just await out doom. We have to fight back. Not for anyone, but for the sake of our child!" Sophie incited Timothy, who was still hesitating.
	She took his hand on her bulging belly, letting him feel the baby inside. "This is your baby! If you can't protect it and me, then you are not a man!"
	"Sophie, calm down." Timothy soothed her. "I will protect you and your child, but I'm not sure what to do with Rose. I think there are other ways to work things out. For example, peaceful negotiations, I will negotiate with her, and we do not disturb each other in the future and to live a quiet life, is that all right?"
	When Sophie heard this, she looked angry and got rid of Timothy, "Do you think Rose is really going to let go of me?" Sophie asked. We live a cat and dog life! Either she or me can stay!"
Chapter 305 Her Life Is the Best Wedding Gift
	Sophie was indignant. Now the belief that supported her to live was to revenge Rose. Only by sending Rose to hell could she live a peaceful life.
	"Sophie, the doctor said you should stop being emotional or exited. It's not good for the baby." Timothy poured a glass of water for her. "Drink some water to calm down yourself."
	"In short, you just don't want to help me. It turns out that my child and I don't weigh much in your heart." Sophie looked coldly at the glass of water that Timothy offered her, but didn't reach for it.
	She raised her chin slightly, "Fine. It's fine that you don't help me! I'll find someone else to help me! Even if no one helps me, I can still do it myself! Do not blame me for aborting the child. I can't carry out my plan if I am pregnant. I won't get you involved this time. I'll do it myself."
	Sophie said, reaching for getting rid of the intravenous drip on the back of her left hand. "I'm going to abort the baby now. Even I want to give birth to this child, Rose won't let me do it."
	She said the cruel words while observing Timothy's reaction.
	When Timothy saw that she was about to pull off the needle, he grabbed her hand and hugged her. "Sophie, don't do that."
	"What do you want from me? I have been bullied by Rose like this, but you neither help me nor did you understand me, and even want to solve the problem peacefully. Do you think she and I can still get along peacefully after so many things happened? I don't want to depend on you, Timothy. I don't want to ask you for anything. I will depend on myself." Sophie struggled in his arms, trying to break free.
	Timothy hugged her tightly. "Sophie, can't we just stay together as a family? If you have to confront Rose or even Bright, I am afraid that you will suffer a loss. You know what Bright is up to. If something goes wrong with you, what should I do?"
	"I will suffer a loss? I am not afraid of death, let alone suffering a loss. So what if Bright's is scheming? We are in a civilized society ruled by law. So what if he is powerful? Can he kill me? Even if he could kill me, I would not regret it, for I have done nothing wrong with myself."
	Sophie was still unrepentant, and bent on revenge, "If you're afraid of death, you can stay away, I don't blame you, but don't you stop me! So, Timothy, let go of me!"
	She got stronger, and struggled harder.
	"Sophie..." Timothy whispered to her, "Tell me what do you want me to do."
	Sophie stopped struggling. "You're going to help me?"
	When Timothy saw that she had stopped struggling, he released her, then looked at her disbelieved eyes. "As long as you don't do the abortion, I'll do whatever you want."
	"Thank you, Timothy. I know you love me and the child. Our child needs your protection, so you are doing this to protect us. Don't feel pressured." Sophie's brow relaxed as her sadness cleared away.
	"It is my duty to protect you." Timothy held her face in his hands. "I said I would take care of you and I will do it. Sophie, marry me."
	Timothy didn't want anything anymore. He just wanted to have a home, a wife and children. With this, he would feel his life was perfect.
	Sophie's eyes flashed with surprise; her lips curved with a smile. "Timothy, are you proposing to me?"
	"Well. Sophie, you know I love you Although I have nothing now and I am no longer the second master of the Tanner family, I will treat you well and try my best to let you and our child live a good life and have a happy family. Sophie, we only have each other now, don't we?" After going through so many ups and downs, Timothy was no longer high above. He just wanted to be a normal man and lived a simple life.
	Sophie met his gaze. "Yeah, we only have each other, so Timothy, I'm counting on you."
	"So, you agree to marry me?" Timothy smiled.
	"Of course I'd like to, but my divorce procedure hasn't been finalized yet, so I'm going to finish the procedure when I can be discharged from the hospital, so you don't have to wait for me for so long. Although I do not ask you to give me any bride price, but you must give me a gift, don't you?" Sophie put her hands around Timothy's neck and smiled sweetly.
	Seeing that she had agreed, Timothy was delighted, "What do you want for a present? I will give you if I can."
	"I want Rose's life..." Sophie smiled, her soft red lips uttering the most vicious words. "This is the best wedding gift you can give me. Can you afford it?"
	Timothy was a little scared. "Sophie, I..."
	Sophie put her fingers to his lips. "I was kidding. See how scared you are. You're a big man. How could you be so timid?"
	Sophie clutched her mouth and began to laugh. Her laughter rang like silver bells across the room.
	Timothy looked at Sophie, who was like a little girl totally different from the vicious woman she was just now, and he was a little stunned.
	"I want you to tie up her to a safe place without anyone. I just want to teach her a lesson so as to vent my anger, otherwise I won't let it go. In addition, we are not as well-off as before. We need a lot of money to get married and raise a child. We have to get some money from Rose. She has bullied me for so many times, I can't let her off, right?" Sophie winked at Timothy with a childish look.
	Timothy was still as dull as if his soul had been attracted away by Sophie.
	Sophie looked at Timothy and patted him on the shoulder. "What are you doing? Are you listening to me?"
	"Yes, of course I am." Timothy nodded.
	"And what did I say?" Sophie tilted her head slightly, her eyes fixed on him.
	"You told me to give you a wedding present, and you asked me to tie up Rose, and you are going to teach her a lesson..." Timothy answered.
	"Can you do it?" Sophie looked forward to his answer.
	Timothy swallowed silently. "I... I promise I won't let you down."
	"Don't let me down, and don't let our child down. It's hoping Papa to earn the bread." Sophie lowered her head and touched her abdomen. "Baby, it's up to Dad this time. Let's cheer him up and wish him success."
	She looked up at Timothy and said, "The child has heard you say yes. It's rooting for you, so am I."
	After that, she turned Timothy's face and gave him an encouraging kiss.
	Timothy was a bit dizzy by Sophie's kissing, and he was somewhat incited.
	He put his arm around Sophie's waist and leaned over his head, asking for more. "One more kiss."
	"Don't press on me. The baby is looking at us. Don't play tricks..." Sophie nudged him, but it felt like she was trying to welcome him.
	"It is so little and it won't know anything. Just one more." Timothy begged her.
Chapter 306 I Won't Come Back Until You Miss Me
	Today was the third day after Bright left. After Rose came back from the hospital, she played games with Doris for a while and studied with her. After that, she put Doris to bed and read her a bedtime story.
	Rose went back to her bedroom and rubbed her neck, and then she took a bath.
	It was already ten o' clock when she lay back in bed. She gave Bright a video call.
	After a while, Bright picked it up. He was wearing a white shirt, which made him look more charming.
	Rose stared at him for a while and didn't collect herself until he coughed softly.
	"Am I bothering you?" Rose's cheeks were a little flushed.
	"No." Bright sat in the single sofa with one leg crossed.
	"When will you be back?" Rose felt that she missed him all the more when she was sleeping alone these days without him.
	"Do you miss me?" Bright smiled, slightly raised his eyebrows.
	"No." Rose denied it decisively.
	Bright was not angry, but his eyes were smiling. "Since you don't miss me, I will stay here for a period of time before I come back."
	"How long would it be?" She asked casually.
	"You want to know?" Bright seemed to be trying to keep her interested.
	"I don't really want to know." said Rose, not telling the truth.
	"Then I don't need to tell you." Bright curled his lips, with a gleam of cunning light in his eyes.
	He sat there with grace and ease like a cunning hunter, patiently waiting for prey to fall into his pit.
	Rose, on the other hand, looked like a kid compared to Bright. She couldn't keep her composure and said, "If you don't talk about it, I'll go to sleep now."
	"Really? Don't want to know it?" Bright asked her.
	"But you didn't tell you." Rose was complaining. "I'll listen if you tell me."
	"Well, listen." Bright looked deeply into her eyes through the screen of the phone and said word by word, "I will come back when you miss me."
	Rose's beautiful eyes widened.
	What did he mean by that? He would come back when she missed him, and if she didn't miss him, he wouldn't come back?
	He was forcing her to say something shy.
	Oh, it would embarrass her.
	Rose was a bit dissatisfied. She was not convinced, but she was too embarrassed to say.
	"Well, you can come back when you want to." Rose smiled mischievously. "I'm going to sleep."
	And then she hung up Bright's video call.
	She dropped the phone beside her bed, pulled the cover over herself, and closed her eyes to sleep.
	And then she opened her eyes again, leaned over, took her phone, and found Bright out. After two seconds of hesitation, she edited the text, "I miss you so much right now..." And then she sent it.
	She held the phone in her palm and pressed it against her chest. Her face got hot, and her heart raced, as if she were still a young girl.
	She took a deep breath, scolding herself in the heart, "Why am I feeling shy? I just didn't see him for three days. How could I miss him so much?"
	She did not know how she had the courage to decide to leave him and go to Grandpa's, much less how she spent that week. When now Bright was miles away from her did she realize how it felt to miss a person.
	It turned out that she had become unwittingly inseparable from him. He had become a part of her life.
	Rose admitted that she really missed him, and even loved him more than she had imagined.
	Her phone buzzed, and she got a message from Bright, "Darling, I miss you too. I really miss you. I will come back tonight at the soonest."
	Rose's nose went sore as she saw the messages on it, and then she smiled a big smile.
	Missing had bound them together, and it felt so good to have someone who missed her so much.
	Rose answered with good night and then went to sleep.
	That night, she had a dream that Bright came home, came back to her.
	And he brought back the world's leading experts in brain science who would cure grandpa's disease.
	And then they held a perfect grand wedding, romantic petals falling off the sky, and he promised to be with her for a whole life.
	In the dream everything went smooth and she was so happy.
	Rose didn't want to wake up, but she had to.
	Looking at the bright sky outside. The weather was very fine today.
	Rose did what she used to do today, spending time with her grandfather when she dropped Doris off at kindergarten.
	"Grandpa, I'll read you a book." Rose gave her grandfather books and newspapers to keep him from getting bored.
	"Rose, I haven't seen Bright for several days. Is he busy with work? Ask him to take a rest. Health is the greatest wealth." Grandpa worried that Bright was too busy with his work to care about his health.
	"Don't worry, Grandpa. He will take care of himself. He went on a business trip to M country these days, and will find some authoritative experts to cure your disease." Rose said.
	Grandfather tightened his eyebrows, "Rose, my illness... Why bother to go abroad to find doctors? If... I mean, if it can't be cured, we just leave it alone. I am old now and I have lived long enough. I don't want to cause you too much trouble."
	"Grandpa, why are you talking about? I told you that your disease is not a big problem, but if you want to do an operation, you should find a better doctor, isn't it? Bright and I will cure your disease, and you are going to get better." Rose stared at Grandpa. "Grandpa, let's work together."
	"Great." Grandfather nodded havily, not wanting to disappoint Rose.
	He knew that Rose valued family affection, and she didn't want to face the fact that he would leave the world one day. But he also didn't want to leave her.
	"Then let me read to you." Rose rearranged her mood and faced the difficulties and pressure with a positive mind.
	It was the end of another day. Grandfather's condition was a little worse today. Rose didn't go home until 11 o'clock.
	She was always careful when driving, but on her way back up to the mountain, she came across a broken branch lying in the middle of the road. She had no choice but to stop the car and ran to the front of the car to move the broken branch away.
	While she was moving the branch, she did not perceive someone was approaching her.
	Rose did not see the shadow in the dim light until the man came closer.
	Just as she was about to turn back, the man raised a stick and hit the back of her neck. Rose only felt a sharp pain and then fainted. She tried to look at the person before she passed out, but she could not see him clearly.
Chapter 307 Revenge Has Begun
	When the man saw that Rose was completely unconscious, he removed the broken branch from the road. He then turned Rose's car over to the curb, put it into gear, and let the car drive off the road and rolled down the ramp.
	He watched the car roll several times and hit a tree before he turned around.
	And then he tied Rose's hands behind her and tied up her feet, and put her into a van in the middle of the woods.
	Rose's hair was stuck to her face. He reached over and pushed it away. Then he put duct tape over her mouth and covered her eyes with a black cloth.
	When he was fully prepared, he drove away from the scene.
	He drove all the way down the road, and after a long time, he stopped at a quiet and deserted hut in the remote place.
	The man lifted Rose out of the car, kicked open the old, rusty iron door and took her inside. The hut was not big nor small.
	The house was made of brick and wood with a high roof. There were a lot of unused boxes and old machines in the room, which were covered with cobwebs and dust. It could be seen that the machines had been disused for some years.
	The man carried Rose to the middle of the room, where there was a post, and he tied her to the post.
	Rose was still unconscious, letting the man tie her up and her head drooped limply. Her long hair was loose, covering most of her face.
	The man was relieved when he had done all this. He took off his raincoat and sat down on a box.
	"Rose, I worked hard to get you today."
	Timothy had investigated that Bright was not around these days, and Rose either went to the hospital or went home, so he and Sophie could make this kidnapping plan. And it was a success.
	He took out his cell phone and made a phone call. "Sophie, I have tied Rose up in a warehouse that the Fan family has deserted for a long time. Rest assured. I am the only one who know the place and got the key."
	"Timothy, you did a great job. Thank you very much." Sophie said to Timothy, "Could you take some pictures of her and show them to me?"
	"Yes." Timothy agreed, and then took several pictures of tied Rose at different angles with his camera and sent them to Sophie.
	When she took the pictures, she was not satisfied, "They are so vague! The light is so dim, and the hair has covered her face. I couldn't see who she is. Take some other pictures, with bright lights and a clear face. Thank you. We'll have a lot of money and can live a happy, secure life soon."
	Timothy was coaxed into being a good boy by Sophie.
	He stepped forward and turned on the electric light facing the post, and its bright incandescent light cast a beam of light from above Rose, which made Rose look clear and bright.
	Timothy stepped forward, pulled Rose's hair back, so as to raise her head up. And then he moved the phone right in front of Rose and took several pictures.
	Sophie was satisfied when she saw Rose's face clearly. "Timothy, please stay with her and do whatever I tell you to do. I promise we'll be safe and sound and live a peaceful life for the rest of our lives."
	"Well, I believe you." Timothy had already trusted Sophie.
	Sophie kissed him on the phone before ending the conversation.
	The smile on her face faded, and then a look of malice rose in her eyes.
	She held the phone tightly, saying in her heart, "Rose, I will not let you go this time. I will take back what you have taken away from me!"
	Sophie quickly found Sky's WeChat and sent him the photos. But she was deleted by Sky.
	She was so angry that she could only call him, but Sky didn't answer her phone at all.
	There was nothing she could do, so she called the Tanner family. The phone rang in the middle of the night, and it sounded very harsh.
	An aunt got up and answered the phone, "This is The Tanner Family. Who is this?"
	"This is Sophie. I'm asking for Sky. Ask him to answer the phone and tell him it is about Rose."
	As soon as the aunt heard it was Sophie, she suddenly woke up and said, "Miss Linder, your call will not be forwarded. Bye."
	"Wait a minute..."
	Sophie hadn't finished, but the aunt had hung up.
	Sophie was so angry when the aunt hung up the phone. If she hadn't had to use her phone, she would have smashed it.
	She didn't expect that Sky could get rid of her so cleanly!
	She had loved him for so many years, and even became who she was today because of him, but he showed no mercy to her.
	All this was Rose's fault, so how could she let go of Rose!?
	Sophie didn't give up and called May.
	May, awakened by the phone, answered the call. "Sophie? Is that you?"
	"Mom. It's me." Sophie said with a cry.
	"Sophie, don't ever call me again, and don't ever call my Mom." May turned her down.
	Sophie's heart was cold now. She squeezed the phone, "OK, then tell Sky to answer my call. It is about Rose's life, or he will regret it for the rest of his life!"
	"Sophie, what did you do to Rose? Stop doing stupid things!" May had a bad hunch, "Sophie, She's your sister. You can't repeat the mistakes again and again."
	"When did she take me for her own sister?" Sophie sneered. "She's the best in your eyes. What have I done for all these years? If he cares about Rose, then ask him to answer my phone."
	"Sophie..." but Sophie had hung up the phone
	"What's the matter?" Sam asked, "Is that Sophie?"
	"Well, I don't know what she did to Rose. She wants Sky to answer her phone or Rose's life will be in danger." May frowned.
	Sam also looked grim, "Life matters. Call Sky."
	So May called Sky and told him what Sophie had said, "Sky, also don't be impulsive, don't be fooled. Sophie might be lying..."
	"Mom, I know." Sky's heart was clenched. "I'll check the situation first. Don't worry, and get some rest."
	Sky called Sophie and said, "What do you want me for?"
	"You'll know when you friend me." Sophie said.
	Sky quickly friended her.
	Then he received the photo forwarded by Sophie in his WeChat. Looking at the tied Rose, Sky's heart was like a stone sinking into the bottom of the lake.
Chapter 308 I Will Do Anything You Want Me to Do
	Sky's heart pained and he warned, "Sophie, what do you want? Release Rose!"
	"What if I don't let her go?" Sophie felt painful, but Sky only had Rose in his heart.
	"I'll tell you. If you dare touch Rose, I won't let you go!" Sky threatened.
	"Sky, you once said this for me, said to Rose for me! Why have you changed now and threatened me for her? Sky, do you know how much you have hurt me when you said that?" Sophie laughed wildly and loudly.
	It sounded very harsh to Sky, and he was worried about Sophie, so he was very anxious.
	"And you are not the only one who would not spare me. Anyway, no one cares about me. I was abandoned by parents, by my lover... I got nothing. Do you think I could be any worse off than I am now?"
	"What do you want? Say it and then let Rose go!" Sky suppressed his anxiety.
	"The more you care about her, the more I won't let her go!" Sophie bellowed.
	She was insanely jealous of Sky's care for Rose, but he was so cruel to her.
	Sky tightened his eyebrows, "Sophie, I'm the one who filed for divorce. It's between us, and it has nothing to do with Rose. Our marriage can't last anymore. Being together is torture for both of us. I just want to be free."
	"If you are angry, just vent it on me. Don't make things difficult for Rose. Besides, she's Bright's wife now. It won't do you any good to hurt her. It would be better to die if you offended Bright."
	"Sophie, stop it. Let Rose go. I can pretend this never happened and I won't tell anyone, including Bright." Sky tried hard to persuade Sophie, "As long as you listen to me, I will give you a sum of money, and you can leave a peaceful life."
	"I don't want any of that!" Sophie's voice was trembling slightly.
	"Well, tell me what you want, and I'll promise you anything I can do, if you let Rose go." Sky begged her, afraid that she would hurt Rose.
	"You'll promise me everything?" Sophie's choked voice added a touch of hope.
	"Yes, I'll promise you anything." That was his condition.
	"Well, I want you never to divorce me, I want everything in your name, and I want you to own the baby I'm carrying!" Sophie touched her belly, "I want you to love me like you used to! Can you do these?"
	"Yes," Sky did not hesitate and readily agreed, "as long as you let Rose go."
	Although he was extremely against Sophie, for Rose he was willing to do what he was most reluctant to do.
	Because his life was saved by Rose, without her there would be no Sky, so he would not hesitate to sacrifice everything for her.
	But it made Sophie feel strange. She thought that the reason why Sky agreed her conditions without hesitation was because of Rose, not because of herself. She was more clearly that Rose was really important to Sky, so much that he could sacrifice everything, even his happiness, for her.
	Sadness swept over her heart.
	"What if I don't let go of her?" Sophie asked him.
	"If you don't let go of her, I'll treat you the way you treat her, and return it double." Sky's tone was firm.
	Sophie clutched the phone, and feeling extremely painful. She didn't know what she could do to make herself less painful.
	"If you care about her so much, then I'll torment her. She'll suffer, and you'll feel heartbroken. And I, would be happy." Sophie laughed.
	"Sophie, where are you? I'll get you." Instead of provoking her, Sky softened his tone. "Sophie, I want to see you."
	Sophie was touched by his words, and her eyes were wet.
	"Sophie, are you listening? I want to see you, right now. Tell me where you are, and I'll come and find you." Sky did not hear her response and repeated it again.
	"Sky, are you finally going to see me?" Sophie smiled bitterly.
	"Yes, I want to see you." He affirmed.
	"But what if I don't want to see you anymore?" Sophie's tears quietly slipped out of her eyes, "Sky, you have broken my heart. I am no longer the Sophie who would listen to everything you said. The Sophie who once loved you to the extreme and was humble to the extreme has died!"
	"Sophie, it's alright. It's a relief for you, too. Not to love me is better than to love me." Sky said indifferently.
	Sophie closed her eyes slowly, tears streaming down her face like the floodgate had opened
	She bit her lips hard to stop herself from crying.
	"The conditions are still valid, but it doesn't mean I still love you. Sky, I just want you to live in pain." Sophie took a deep breath to control her emotions. "Someone will take you to my place soon. If you dare to play tricks, I will let Rose die right away!"
	"Fine." Sky said.
	After Sky finished talking with Sophie, he called Bright immediately, but Bright turned off the phone.
	He dialed again, but again to no avail. Then he found Bill's cell phone number and called it. Bill's phone was off as well.
	So, he could only send a text to Bright.
	Soon, someone picked him up. He was not allowed to carry any communication devices and was checked to see if there was anything hidden on his body.
	After checking, Sky was taken into a van, blindfolded and bound before the car drew away.
	After a long time, the car came to a quiet old residential area, which was under demolition, so there were no people living here.
	Sky was taken out of the car to upstairs, and was pushed into a room.
	Sky couldn't see anything and was pushed so hard that he knelt on the ground.
	Someone untied the black cloth on his eyes. When Sky opened his eyes, Sophie stood in front of him.
	Sophie dropped her eyes and looked down at him, making her look like a queen, while Sky was like a humble servitude kneeling at her feet.
	"Sky, how long haven't we met? We finally meet again." Sophie bent softly, smiling harmlessly as she did before. "I really like this way of meeting each other."
Chapter 309 She Is Finally Back
	But Sky didn't like it. For Rose and so as not to anger Sophie, he didn't say anything.
	"Now that we've met, what will it take for you to let her go?" Sky cared about Rose's safety.
	Sophie took out a contract and put it on the table, "As long as you sign it."
	Sophie winked at the strong man behind Sky, who came forward to untie Sky's hands.
	Once Sky's hands were free, he kneaded his wrists, which were bruised from the binding.
	Sophie also saw this. But even though she felt distressed, she could not show it.
	She had to not care about him at all, just like he didn't care about her. In this way, he couldn't use love as a weapon to hurt her.
	"Give me the contract." Sky took the contract Sophie handed and scanned through it, "Pen."
	Sophie gave him the pen. Sky took it, flipped to the last page, and was about to write his name.
	Sophie's throat moved. Her voice was a little hoarse, "Wait! Sky, you have to think it over. Is it worth it to do this for Rose? Even though she saved you, she is married! If they don't divorce, you'll never get her back!"
	"You don't need to remind me of that. She is my life saver. Even if I give her my life, I think it's worth it, not to mention these worldly things. And what's the difference between not being able to marry her and my being stuck in this marriage?"
	Sky looked up. His eyes were so black, making people a little breathless.
	"I’ll be happy if she is happy. If she is not, I will be with her and wait for her. If we can't be a couple, it's not bad to be friends and relatives. You, Sophie, will never know what love is!"
	"Sky, do you think you know love and you are great?" Sophie found it hard to breathe, "Do you think Rose will appreciate you for that?"
	"I don't care. What I want is for her to be safe and healthy. All I can do for her is watch over her." Sky didn't want to say any more and signed on the unequal contract without hesitation.
	Even if he would be penniless in the future and trapped in the marriage with Sophie forever, even if he could never be close to Rose again, he would not regret it. As long as she could live and be well, it was okay for him to watch over her from afar.
	"Done. Let Rose go now. You can come home with me. I will never divorce you and be with you forever. You will always be Mrs. Tanner, okay?" Sky handed the signed contract to Sophie.
	He stared into Sophie's eyes and was as calm as a ripple-free lake.
	He was more numb than calm.
	Anyway, things had come to this point and could not be worse.
	Sophie took the contract. What she lost was regained now, but why didn't she feel a bit happy?
	She couldn't tell Sky's emotion, as if he was just an obedient puppet who did everything he was told. Wasn't that wonderful? That was what she wanted. She should be happy.
	"Sophie, let's go home. You should let Rose go for the sake of our child." Sky pleaded with her once again, "Let's forget all the unhappiness and live our lives like we used to. We can give our child a happy family. Sophie, give me a chance and give yourself a chance. I'll do what I say."
	For the sake of Rose, Sky gave up all his insistence and principles, just to get her peace.
	Sky opened his arms to Sophie and welcomed Sophie's return with his embrace.
	"Sophie, come and hug."
	Sophie restrained well just now. But at this time, looking at the gentle embrace Sky opened for her, she could no longer restrain.
	The soreness and sadness were like the tide and surged through her, making her want to cry.
	She twisted her head sideways and looked down, but couldn't suppress her emotions.
	It reminded her that every time she got angry before, Sky would open his arms and tenderly said to her, "Come and hug."
	Sophie finally shed tears, and her mind was blank at this moment.
	"Sophie, isn't it good to go back to the old days?"
	Sophie looked back at Sky, who was as gentle and charming as eve. She couldn't help it anymore and threw herself into his arms.
	In his arms, she smelled a familiar scent, which fascinated her.
	"Sky, is this true?" Sophie asked with uncertainty.
	Happiness came so suddenly that she was really caught off guard, and even terrified.
	Sky tightened his arms and hugged Sophie, "Can this still be fake?"
	Sophie closed her eyes and felt this sudden sense of reality quietly. She was very careful not to lose such happiness.
	"I'll hug you like this every day from now on." Sky was also good at saying words of love.
	Hearing his words, Sophie softened. She calmed down and was as gentle and beautiful as she was before.
	"Now I'm yours. Let's go home." Sky took her hand. He was wearing white shirt and light-colored slacks. With gentle smile, he was as handsome and elegant as a noble prince.
	Sophie got what she wanted. She sealed the contract and handed it to the strong man, nodding.
	Even if the happiness was only an illusion, she did not care.
	"Ms. Linder, what about the other party…?" the strong man said.
	"I will deal with it." Sophie knew that this was her exchange with Sky. She was willing to take risks for the happiness.
	With that, Sky and Sophie left the run-down neighborhood and went back together in the van.
	But they did not go to the Tanner family's villa. Instead, they went to Sky's own apartment, which was located on the ground floor with a small garden and swimming pool and was beautiful.
	Sky led Sophie inside, "I've been living here recently. This will be our home from now on. It's too late today. Go take a shower and rest."
	"I am here. Call me if you need anything."
	"Okay." Sophie then went into the bathroom.
	The bathroom was large and fully equipped. Sophie touched the washbasin... This life was what she once had. Now, she was finally back.
	She stared at the large mirror, looked at herself, and smiled triumphantly.
	" Sophie, is back! I am Mrs. Tanner."
Chapter 310 Her Perfect Plan
	Sophie was very proud and had a sense of satisfaction and superiority.
	That feeling of scanting herself in food and clothes made her want to cry.
	Every day, she was immersed in pain. She also longed to be back and live a superior life.
	Sophie still felt that it was like a dream now. But she kept telling herself inside that she was really back.
	She came back with her own efforts. She was still Sky's wife.
	But if it were not for Rose, how would she have gone through so much and even been abandoned by the Linder family and the Tanner family!
	So, Rose should not have existed in this world long ago. She was too soft-hearted back then. She had thought that as long as Rose left City H, she would not pose a threat to her. If she had known it would be like this, she should have killed Rose in City Y.
	A look of sinister flashed across Sophie's face. She walked towards the shower and turned it on. Water fell with a crash.
	Then she took out the cell phone she had with her and called Timothy. When Timothy saw that it was her, he quickly picked it up, "Sophie, how are you doing there? What should we do next?"
	"I have not yet negotiated. You must guard there and not leave, watch Rose, otherwise we will have no leverage." Sophie coaxed Timothy.
	"It has been so long. Will he agree?" Timothy frowned, "It seems that he doesn't care so much about Rose, but more about the money."
	"He definitely will think it over. After all, once he agrees, he will have nothing." Sophie sighed.
	"Then what should we do? I'm afraid something will happen if we delay like this." Timothy looked at the time. It had been over an hour since he had kidnapped Rose here.
	If Rose's family found out she hadn't come home in the early morning, they would be suspicious. What if they called the police?
	He didn't want to go to jail, "Sophie, can you hurry up?"
	"I can't help it if he doesn't agree." Sophie was helpless, "Maybe we're not ruthless enough."
	"So what's to be done?" Timothy glanced at Rose, who was tied and hadn't awakened.
	At this time, Rose's head moved slightly. It seemed that she was waking up.
	Timothy immediately put on his hat and mask to hide his appearance from Rose.
	"She's waking up." Timothy lowered his voice.
	"Then you can be ruthless. Find some cardboard boxes and branches or something. Light them around Rose and pretend that you are going to burn her to death to force her. See if she can still insist." Sophie gave Timothy such an idea.
	"OK." Timothy listened to Sophie, "I'll send you photos when it's done."
	"Okay." Sophie then ended the call with Timothy.
	After waiting for a while, Timothy sent her the photos and Sophie smiled with satisfaction.
	She changed another number and dialed a number, "Is it the police? My lady has been kidnapped... Her name is Rose. The man wants money, or he will burn my lady to death. The place where the money is paid seems to be the forest on the other side of a mountain. Please go and find out if ... this news is true."
	After calling the police, Sophie was happy with her perfect plan.
	She stripped and stepped into the bathtub and took a comfortable soak.
	This was the life she should have, living like a princess.
	After washing, she changed into clean and soft pajamas and came out, while Sky was smoking at the balcony.
	Sophie walked over to him. When Sky saw Sophie, he extinguished his cigarette, "You're pregnant. The smell of smoke here is not good for you and the child."
	"It's okay." Listening to these tender and thoughtful words, Sophie was moved and soft.
	She went forward, opened her arms to hug Sky's waist, and leaned her head in his arms, "Sky, I'll be a good wife in the future as I once was."
	"OK." Sky just stroked her head, "It's late. Get some rest. I'm going to take a shower."
	Sky let go of her, helped her into bed, and covered her with the blanket, "Get some rest. It's good for the child."
	Sophie nodded, her eyes filled with fascination and tenderness for him.
	Sky just smiled gently and turned to go to the bathroom to take a shower.
	When he came out, he had a thin blanket in his hand. Sophie was surprised.
	"It is not convenient for you now. So, you sleep on the bed and I'll sleep on the sofa." Sky was thoughtful.
	"Why don't you stay with me?" Sophie was disappointed, "The bed is so big that it's enough for us to sleep together. Besides, I want you to stay with me."
	Sky hesitated, "Then you can't move around. Lie down."
	"Alright." Seeing that Sky agreed, Sophie put on a bright smile.
	She saw Sky walk to the right side of the bed, got on the bed, and lay down, "Okay. Let's sleep."
	Sophie moved to him and leaned. Sky said, "You promised me not to move around."
	"I want to lie in your arms." Sophie said and did so, "I'm not moving now."
	Sky didn't say anything else and let her sleep in his arms.
	Sophie closed her eyes and Sky turned off the lights, leaving the bedroom dark.
	At the same time, Timothy looked at the burning cardboard boxes in front of Rose and thought that he could make it this time.
	Rose was awakened by the heat and smoke of the fire. She opened her eyes to see nothing but flames and a man.
	"Who are you?" she asked directly.
	The man did not answer. In addition to the bright light over Rose's head, it was dark all around. Besides, he was wearing a hat and a mask and standing a little far away. So, no matter how hard she tried, she couldn't see who the man was.
	Rose struggled twice. She was tied too tightly and could not break free at all.
	"Who the hell are you? Why did you take me here?" Rose looked at the burning flames in front of her and felt the heat, which seemed to be able to dissolve people.
	She endured the uncomfortable burning sensation, "Whatever you want, I can give you. Please let me go. I promise I won't tell anyone about what happened today and will act as if nothing happened, okay?"
	She didn't want to die yet. She still wanted to raise Doris, take care of Grandpa and Bright... She owed Bright so much. The only thing she could do for him was be a good wife.
	"No way." The man finally spoke and lowered his voice a lot.
	Rose guessed that this man should be her acquaintance. He was afraid that she would tell his identity from his voice. So, he lowered his voice while speaking.
	And when she looked into his eye, he looked away and was guilty, not daring to meet her eyes.
	She looked at him narrowly. The more she looked at him, the more she thought he looked like someone she knew.
	It was Timothy...
Chapter 311 Don't Be Afraid of Anything with Him Around
	Rose was already sure of this answer inside. But she couldn't say it. If she said, she would be hurting herself.
	No kidnapper wanted to be recognized. Those who were recognized would usually kill the abductees. So, Rose pretended to know nothing.
	"I think you must not be a bad person. You must be in a difficult situation to do so in desperation, right? Do you want money? My husband is very rich. As long as you want and we can do, we will give you what you want."
	Rose guided Timothy cleverly, "Let's make a deal, okay? I'll give you as much money as you want. Then you can rest assured and we'll pretend that nothing has happened."
	"My husband is Bright. You should have heard of him. If he pursues it, you may go to jail. But if you let me go, nothing will happen. You also have parents, wife, and child. You don't want them to worry, do you?”
	"Especially your child, do you know how much this will affect him? He won't want to have a father who's a kidnapper. If you go to jail, it will be a shadow over his life. So, this is the best way."
	"I promise I'll do what I say. I also have a child. I understand your feeling. We'll do what's best for our children."
	Timothy remained silent. But he was a little hesitant inside.
	After all, Bright could offer much money which was enough for him and Sophie to spend in their lifetime. They could no longer worry about money in the future and even live well.
	In fact, he didn't want to go to jail for this. After all, he still wanted to see the child born. He wanted to be a father and raise the child.
	Besides, the charge of kidnapping and arson was serious. He could be in jail for ten years. With Bright's ability, he even might never be released.
	Rose's offer was really tempting.
	But Sophie would definitely not agree to let Rose go so easily. Timothy was hesitant and annoyed.
	"I'm going out for a cigarette." Timothy lowered the brim of his hat and turned to leave.
	Rose looked at his back as he left, knowing that he was hesitating.
	As long as she put in more effort, Timothy would be persuaded and then she would be saved.
	But the heat of the fire burned her so badly that her hair and clothes were wet with sweat.
	She struggled two more times, but still could not break free.
	A strong wind blew in from the broken window. It blew the pieces of paper that hadn't been burned all over the house, where there were some flammable items. In such dry weather, a little spark could turn into a sea of fire.
	Looking at the items that were ignited, Rose was shocked and widened her eyes.
	She froze for a moment before she began to try to scream for help.
	But her mouth was taped shut. She could not call for help. Her scream only became a whimper, and Timothy could not hear it at all.
	The fire was burning. Rose looked at the fire and could no longer be as calm as just now. She panicked.
	She was desperate and suffocated.
	Was she going to die here today?
	She still had too much to worry about...
	Her Grandpa's illness had not been cured. She was worried.
	Doris had not grown up. She was worried.
	As for Bright, they hadn't seen each other for a long time. She missed him so much.
	And at this time, she missed him even more.
	It was getting hotter and hotter. The fire was approaching and the smoke spread everywhere... Rose felt that she could not breathe and began to be dizzy and weak.
	She seemed to see a figure walking to her in a trance. It was not Timothy, but ... Bright.
	No, Bright was still in Country M now. She must be hallucinating because she was very eager to see him.
	"Rose, wake up. Don't sleep..." Bright's gentle voice sounded in her ear.
	He slapped Rose's face, trying to wake her up.
	Rose also made great efforts to open her eyes. It was the face she was familiar to and missed.
	She saw the anxiety and panic on his handsome face. Bright quickly untied the ropes tying her hands and feet and tore the tape off her mouth. Then, Rose could be free...
	But because she had been tied for too long, she fell limply once she was untied.
	Bright held her weak body. Rose fell into his arms and was held tightly in his embrace.
	Smelling the familiar scent of his body, she was relaxed and settled down.
	But she couldn't hold back her tears and cried heavily.
	Bright kissed her on the brow, "Rose, don't be afraid. I'm here."
	But when Rose heard this, she cried more heavily and even trembled.
	"Why are you crying more heavily?" he didn't say anything wrong.
	"I am just too happy. When I think of you, then you are here."
	With him around, she didn't have to be afraid of anything and could leave everything to him.
	Even if the sky fell down, he would support her. So, it was good to have him.
	"Honey..." Rose hugged Bright tightly.
	"Let's go out first and talk about it later." Bright picked up Rose.
	The roof began to collapse and dropped things. It would be terrible if they were hit.
	Bright was also nervous. He held Rose, observed carefully and dodged the fallen things, quickly rushing towards the door.
	The wooden frame on the roof of the door was burned and fell. Seeing that they were about to be hit, Bright threw Rose out with all his might in the nick of time.
	Rose fell on the grass outside the door. She was not seriously injured, just a little bruise.
	However, the doorway collapsed.
	With a loud noise, smoke was rising everywhere.
	Rose watched Bright buried in front of her. She couldn't believe her eyes and didn't dare to face such a cruel reality.
	"No…" Rose then screamed, "Bright!"
	She screamed miserably and bitterly. She struggled to get up, but fell down again. Then, she crawled forward inch by inch, "Bright, wait for me. I will get you out."
	When she just touched the burning wood, her fingers were burned. It hurt, but she gritted her teeth and did not say a word.
	She was about to go on when rescuers finally came forward to give help.
	Bill stopped her, "Ms. Rose, please take care of yourself first."
Chapter 312 She Will Stay with Him
	Rose broke away from Bill's hand on her shoulder, "I have to save him."
	"Ms. Rose, Mr. Bright has ordered me to take good care of you. I have to protect you." Bill looked at the fire and was also a little worried about Bright. But he had to listen to boss' order.
	"The fire is blazing. Let the professionals to give help. What we can do now is not to make trouble for them and take good care of ourselves. I believe Mr. Bright will be fine. Don't you have confidence in him?" Bill advised Rose, trying to get her to leave from here.
	Rose's eyes were filled with tears. She looked at such a terrible scene. How could she convince herself to be completely at ease?
	"Anyway, I'm not leaving. I will stay here." Rose refused to leave.
	Bill was in a dilemma, "Ms. Rose, do not do this. Mr. Bright does not want to see you like this."
	"Bill, don't say that again. I just want to stay with him." Rose only wanted to see Bright first, and then could feel at ease.
	"Then Ms. Rose, I am sorry." Bill put Bright's order first, "Guys, invite Ms. Rose to the car."
	As soon as Bill said this, two bodyguards in black suits came forward and stood behind Rose.
	Rose looked up at the two men, and then looked at Bill, "Bill, what do you want to do?"
	"Carry out Mr. Bright's orders and bring you to a safe place." Bill nodded at the two bodyguards, "I'll bear all the consequences."
	The two bodyguards then held Rose's shoulders so that she could not struggle. Rose was furious, "Let go of me!"
	"Sorry, Ms. Rose. We only do what Mr. Bright tells us to do." Bill looked at her injured finger, "Your injured finger needs to be treated. You cannot help here. Please wait in the car quietly."
	Rose was forcibly taken away by the bodyguards. She struggled, "Let go of me! Let go! You can't do this to me!"
	But no one listened to her. They took her away. Rose was in tears and worried about Bright, "Bright!"
	Rose screamed Bright's name with such determination and force that it tore through the dark sky and exhausted all the strength in her body.
	Rose fainted again because she was mentally and physically exhausted.
	Her only concern was for Bright now.
	"Mr. Bill, Ms. Rose fainted..."
	"Quickly take her to the hospital. Protect Ms. Rose and tell me if anything happens." Bill was unable to leave now and was worried about Bright.
	"Yes." The bodyguard did as he was told.
	Rose was taken to the hospital, while Bright's life was uncertain.
	Bill was nervous when he watched the rescuers go in and out of the fire.
	If anything happened to Bright, he also could not live.
	Bright's father wouldn't let him go, and Rose would... He began to pray inside that Bright would be okay.
	But he could not convince himself that nothing would happen in such a terrible situation.
	"Sir, how's it going now? Have you found Mr. Bright?" Bill stopped the rescue leader, Force White.
	"Yes. But Mr. Bright is crushed by the beam. We are thinking of ways. Don't worry." Force patted his shoulder.
	Bill felt as if he saw a glimmer of hope. Mr. Bright must be okay.
	After a long wait, Bright was rescued from the fire and carried out by the rescuers. He was dirty and dying, which was different from what he used to be.
	Besides, he got different injuries all over, which shocked Bill.
	In the past, Bill would never have thought that Bright would do this for a woman. But now, he was really shocked to see that Bright even ignored his own life for the sake of a woman.
	"Hurry to the hospital."
	Bill then followed.
	When they arrived at the hospital, Bright was taken into the operating room.
	Bill waited outside alone, fidgeting. He felt tortured as time passed.
	When the nurse came out, Bill immediately stepped forward, "How is Mr. Bright?"
	"He is seriously injured and his life is in danger. Please be prepared." The nurse said weakly.
	Hearing this, Bill was serious, "He is the member of the Lee family in City J. Anyway, you must save him. If he dies, I'm afraid this hospital will be torn down!"
	If Francis lost his beloved son, there would be many people who would suffer.
	"I see. We will do our best. But…" The nurse's face was pale.
	"No buts. You must save him! Do you understand?" Bill warned with a serious face.
	"Yes, yes." The nurse nodded repeatedly and gave the form in her hand to Bill, "This needs to be signed by his family."
	Bill looked at it and signed his name, "Ms. Rose is also hospitalized here. There is no one to sign. As his assistant, I have full authority. We only have one request. Save him, or I and you will all…"
	"I know." The nurse took the form and turned to go in.
	Bill stood in place, exhaled deeply, and wiped his face.
	In the middle of the night, Bright was transferred to a sterile room for observation after surgery.
	The doctor said he was not yet through the danger period. If he could not wake up in seventy-two hours, he might never wake up again...
	Bill stood outside the sterile room, looking through the glass window at Bright lying inside. If not for the blinding white bandages and tubes inserted in his body, he would really think that Bright was just asleep.
	Bill stood there. His eyes were painful, but he could not sleep.
	He reached out and touched the glass window, "Mr. Bright, don't worry. Ms. Rose just had a minor injury to the hand. Please hurry to wake up. She is still waiting for you."
	This time, Bill was deeply touched by Bright's action.
	Bill stayed outside and had a rest in the chair all night.
	The next morning, the bodyguard rushed in, "Mr. Bill, Ms. Rose is awake. She wants to see Mr. Bright."
	Bill slowly opened his eyes. Since he did not rest well, his eyes were covered with bloodshot, which was a bit frightening.
	"I see."
	Bill got up and went to the bathroom to wash his face with cold water before he followed the bodyguard to Rose's ward.
	"Why are you guys stopping me? I'm fine now. I want to see my husband." Rose looked at the bodyguards who were blocking her way.
	"I will not be polite if you guys do that again!"
Chapter 313 Honey, We Love You
	No matter what Rose said, they were indifferent and did not speak, like wooden men.
	Rose only wanted to know Bright's news and her heart was torn with anxiety.
	She picked up the glass on the bedside table and smashed it on the corner of the cabinet, using one of the shards against her aorta on her neck.
	She had a determined look on her face, "Let me go, or I'll kill myself here!"
	When the bodyguards saw her violent reaction, they panicked. After all, she was Bright's wife. If anything happened to her, they wouldn't be able to live.
	"Ms. Rose…"
	"Ms. Rose, please don't embarrass them. They are just doing what I tell them to do. Now that I'm here, you can talk to me if you have anything to say." Bill saw this thrilling scene as soon as he entered the room.
	Bill's eyes were fixed on the shard Rose was pressing against the side of her neck. He was afraid that she would hurt herself on an impulse. If so, it would be hard for him to explain to Bright.
	"Bill, I want to see Bright." Rose replied, meeting his gaze.
	"You'll see him, but not today." Bill didn't want Rose to see Bright as he was now. The king in his heart should be at his best in front of Rose.
	Besides, Bill had worked for Bright for so many years and knew that Bright wouldn't want Rose to take the blame on herself when she saw him like this.
	Bright just wanted to protect Rose well.
	"Why? What happened to him? Tell me!" Rose had a foreboding.
	She still remembered the fire which could destroy everything. She was afraid... she dared not think about it.
	"I am his wife. I have the right to know everything about him." Rose struggled to calm down, "No matter what he is now, I have to face it."
	Whether he was alive or dead... she had to know.
	Rose bit her lip lightly. Her gaze was firm.
	Bill took a deep breath, "Ms. Rose, put down what you're holding first. Let's have a talk."
	"I won't let go until you tell me what happened to him." Rose clenched the shard in her hand even tightly, "Since he asked you to protect me, if you don't want me to hurt myself, then tell me. Anyway, I'm in a very bad mood right now. I may not control myself."
	Rose pressed against the shard a bit harder. The sharp shard cut through her delicate skin. A bloodstain appeared on the white skin. It was shockingly visible.
	Bill called out to her, "Stop. I'll tell you everything."
	Finally, Rose won. They could not stand by and watch her hurt herself.
	"Ms. Rose, you can put down it now. I am a man of my word." Bill saw that she was still defensive.
	"It's the only leverage I have. I will not put it down." No one here would listen to her.
	Bill had no choice and frowned, "Mr. Bright was rescued. But he was badly injured. He is still unconscious now and has not gone through the dangerous period."
	Listening to these, Rose could imagine the Bright's bruised body.
	Her heart ached at the thought of these injuries, and she wanted to cry.
	"Where is he now? I want to see him." Rose held back her tears and sobbed.
	"He shouldn't want you to see him now." Bill pursed his lips.
	"Whatever he looks like, he's my husband. I'm not afraid." Rose just wanted to see Bright now and confirmed that he was alive.
	"Then please come with me." There was nothing Bill could do to stop Rose.
	Rose carefully got out of bed, wearing the blue and white striped gown, which looked a little big on her thin body.
	Bill led her to the front of Bright's ward. As soon as Rose entered, she saw Bright lying inside through the glass window.
	His face was also wounded, and was very pale and bloodless.
	Rose pressed against the glass window. Tears were flowing down her cheeks.
	She pursed her lips and did not make a sound. Because once she opened her mouth, there would be the sound of crying.
	She did not want him to hear her cry.
	Rose turned away and wiped her tears with her sleeve. Then, she took a deep breath while fanning her eyes with her hands, as if she could fan the tears back.
	After she adjusted her emotions, she tried to smile while facing Bright once again.
	"Honey, I am here to see you. Don't worry. I'm fine." Rose's voice was sweet, just like the intoxicating wind, "Honey, I'm sure you'll wake up and get better because you're Bright who will never be beaten."
	"Grandpa, I, and Doris are all waiting for you. You can't keep sleeping like this. I know you can hear me. You owe me a wedding. You can't forget it."
	"Honey, knowing you is the luckiest thing in my life. Doris and I love you."
	"Honey, I will always wait for you and stay with you until you wake up."
	"Honey, if you miss me, please wake up..."
	Rose said so much to Bright, just hoping to wake him up.
	Bill stood there and suddenly wanted to cry for no reason after hearing these words.
	After seeing Bright, Rose returned to her ward. Bill sent her there, "You haven't eaten breakfast all morning. I've asked someone to get it."
	"The person who kidnapped me is Timothy." Rose said, sitting on the edge of the bed.
	Bill was surprised, "How did you know it was him?"
	"Although he had deliberately disguised himself, I still recognized him." Rose was very observant, "He was outside smoking when the accident happened. Did he get caught?"
	"He dared to kidnap you. Of course we cannot let him go. He has been arrested by the police. How to deal with Timothy will be decided by Mr. Bright after he wakes up." Speaking of Timothy, Bill even wanted to kill him.
	"He certainly couldn't do it alone." Rose intuitively said, looking at Bill.
	"You mean he has accomplices?" Bill thought for a moment, "Do you suspect Sophie?"
	"There's no one else but her who could have gotten Timothy to even risk his life." Rose's eyes gradually became sharp, "Since she has been against me repeatedly and even getting my family involved, she must pay the price for her actions. This time, she cannot be let off easily."
	"The two were was in league!" Bill's hatred for them surged, "Then we must let Timothy say something."
	Rose nodded.
	"Leave this to me. I'll make them miserable, or Mr. Bright suffered this injury for nothing." Bill narrowed his eyes.
Chapter 314 He Takes the Whole Blame
	"You get some rest. I'll go to the police station." With that, Bill left Rose's ward.
	Bill left the hospital and contacted his lawyer to go to the police station together where Timothy was detained.
	However, Sophie, who arrived earlier than them, met Timothy first.
	Timothy was detained overnight. Thinking about Bright's situation, he didn't rest well all night and was nervous. So, Timothy looked sleepy and haggard, his eyes covered with red blood.
	He was a little excited when he saw Sophie coming to see him.
	"Sophie, you are here. Can you bail me out?" Timothy frowned, "I don't want to stay here."
	"Timothy, take it easy. Let's talk slowly." Sophie got up early this morning and rushed to the police station to see Timothy after Sky left for work.
	"I've asked the lawyer. You're in a serious situation. Besides, there's pressure from the victim. So, I cannot bail you out now."
	"Timothy, I'm ... sorry," Sophie said with a look of remorse.
	"Don't you cry ... It's okay." Timothy softened when he saw the tears in her eyes, "After all, it was Bright who was hurt. They certainly won't let me off so easily."
	Timothy sighed in despair.
	"Timothy, I'm sorry. It's all my fault. I've caused you. How about I go and explain everything to the police, so that they can let you go and let me stay here for you?" Sophie seemed righteous and wanted to take all the responsibility.
	"Stop talking nonsense." Timothy looked at her bulging belly and could not bear it, "You're not in good health and are pregnant. How can I let you stay here? You just need to take good care of yourself and our baby now, and leave the rest to me."
	Sophie frowned, her eyes full of sadness, "But I'm involved in this. They will not let me go."
	"No, they will let you go." Timothy shook his head.
	"Timothy, in fact, I think it's a good idea to stay here with you. Anyway, we are a couple in adversity. But I still have our baby in my belly. The doctor said that he was nice. Look, this is the 4-D ultrasound." Sophie showed Timothy the ultrasound she had brought. The ultrasound showed what the baby looked like.
	"Look, don't you think he looks like you?"
	Timothy looked at the ultrasound with mixed feelings. He was happy and excited, "Of course my son looks like me."
	"This is the paternity certificate." Sophie took out another certificate, "I just want to give you a reassuring answer."
	Timothy picked up the certificate and flipped it, seeing that it was written on the last page that the two were paternity.
	"Do you remember the last time I asked you for your hair? I got an amniocentesis and used your hair with hair follicles to do a paternity test. I just want to tell you that the baby is yours."
	Timothy held the report, his fingers shaking. He looked at Sophie, "Sophie, you are so stupid! Amniocentesis is risky. How could you be so reckless!"
	"I know you have doubts in your mind. I just want you to know that you are the child's real father." Sophie took his hand, "You were the only one who stood by me when everyone abandoned me. You helped me, warmed me, and loved me. Timothy, without you, I wouldn't be who I am today. This is the only thing I can give you in return."
	"If I didn't have this child, I would have been there for you. But I couldn't do it for the child. Will you blame me?"
	Timothy was touched by Sophie's behavior. He held her hand, "Sophie, don't worry. I will never let anyone hurt you. Even if it costs me my life, I will keep you and the baby safe and sound."
	"Timothy, Bright and Rose are not dead. You will be fine. But you may be a few years in jail. Don't worry. I will take care of myself and our baby. We will wait for you." Sophie moved Timothy with emotion, using him to do something for her.
	"I will be fine as long as you guys are fine." Timothy only wanted to protect his only child now.
	"Timothy, thank you." Sophie smiled.
	"Don't mention it. You're my woman and pregnant with my child. I'm a man. I'm not very capable, but I will protect you at least." Timothy also smiled slightly.
	"As long as I do not say anything, no one can get you involved. Sophie, promise me that you will take care of yourself and the baby. As long as you give birth to the baby safely, I'll be glad."
	"I know. You take care of yourself. I will give birth to this baby safely." Sophie nodded.
	They then spoke some more, and Sophie left.
	When Sophie walked out of the police station, she looked at the sky and smiled in triumph.
	She finally settled this matter. After Timothy took the whole blame, the Lee family would not let him go. Even if Timothy would not be sentenced to life imprisonment, he would be sentenced to several decades at least. She could live a few decades with Sky in peace.
	Timothy couldn't get in her way anymore. She had planned to kill two birds with one stone.
	But this child... Sophie looked down at her bulging belly and frowned. She had wished this child to be Sky's child. But it was not.
	She could not give birth to Timothy's child....
	Not long after Sophie left, Bill arrived at the police station.
	In the officer's arrangement, they met Timothy.
	Timothy was not at all surprised when he saw Bill. He avoided Bill's sharp gaze in fear.
	He had investigated that Bright had left City H for Country M. His trip was a week. But it hadn't even been a week yet. Why did he come back? Bright even came back late at night in the early morning, which was the time when he kidnapped Rose.
	Bright came so coincidentally, shattering his last illusion.
	When he watched Bright get crushed by the collapsing roof for saving Rose, he was also nervous.
	If Bright died, then he couldn't live either.
	The Lee family could do anything to him as they wanted.
	Bill sat opposite Timothy. His face was cold and sullen and his gaze was sharp, which made Timothy uneasy.
	Timothy looked down and curled up his fingers nervously.
	"I'm really sorry that Mr. Bright got hurt. But I didn't mean to hurt Rose. I just intended to scare her." Timothy volunteered to confess, "I'm really sorry. I didn't expect that."
	"Kidnap Rose, cause Mr. Bright to get hurt, and intentionally set fire to hurt others... Timothy, how dare you?" Bill ignored his apology and instead exemplified his crime.
Chapter 315 Heaven or Hell, It Is up to You
	Timothy also knew that he could not get away with it.
	"I didn't set the fire on purpose. I just lit some cardboard boxes to scare Rose. She wanted to make a deal with me. I intended to think about it and then went out to smoke. I didn't expect the fire to spread inside, much less Mr. Bright to appear..." The more Timothy said, the lower his voice was and the guiltier he felt.
	"Whether you mean it or not, you have caused irreparable consequences." Bill's voice was cold and stern, "Mr. Bright is still in the hospital and is not out of danger. If anything happens to him, you will have to die with him. If he wakes up, you'll be miserable. Unless..."
	"What?" Timothy's face was pale and his voice was trembling, "This is really an accident. I would do anything if I could atone for my sins."
	"You must be unable to do it alone. There must be others who did it with you." Bill carefully watched the change of Timothy's expression, "Is she Sophie?"
	Bill's affirmative tone scared Timothy, and he became even more flustered.
	Timothy pursed his lips and interlocked his fingers, "No... it's not her. She has nothing to do with it."
	Seeing that Timothy did not tell the truth, Bill said, "If the mastermind of this matter is Sophie, we can give you a way out and a lighter sentence. Otherwise, we will charge you with kidnapping and intentional homicide. Timothy, you have to think it over what kind of day you will live. Heaven or hell, it's up to you."
	Timothy lightly closed his eyes. His throat moved. All that came to his mind was the child in Sophie's belly, "I said she has nothing to do with it. I did this alone."
	"In a moment of madness I wanted to take revenge on Rose for making me lose face by kneeling in front of her company. I just wanted to scare her, not to kill her. I did not expect Mr. Bright to appear. I had tried to avoid Mr. Bright."
	"You did it just to attack Rose while Mr. Bright was out of the country. Don't pretend to be innocent." Bill sneered, "I just want to know the result I want. Since you won't give it, then Timothy, do you think you can protect her?"
	"Sometimes it's not always necessary to punish a person with the law." Bill reached out and pointed his head, "Brains are useful. We can use it to come up with a lot of ways."
	"You are in custody here. I don't think you can go out to protect her. Timothy, you are not smart enough."
	Timothy got a little scared when he heard Bill's words. After all, Bright had power and authority. It was easy for them to deal with someone, "Don't touch her! Or I won't spare you even as a ghost!"
	"Ghost? It's stupid to believe in that nowadays." Bill pushed his chair and got up with a fierce look, "Timothy, I'll show you what Sophie deserves before you die."
	Bill buttoned his suit with his long fingers, stood indifferently, and turned to leave.
	"Bill, don't touch her! I won't allow you to touch her!" Timothy was so distraught that he instinctively chased after Bill.
	He had just reached the door when the police pulled him back, "Timothy, behave yourself."
	"Sir, they... are going to hurt Sophie. Please let me out. I want to protect her and the baby." Timothy raised his hands and swore, "Please ..."
	"Stop talking nonsense." The police were very serious, "Stay here and behave yourself."
	"Then can you send some of your men to protect Sophie? As long as you are there, they won't dare to do anything to her." Timothy could only put his trust in the police.
	But how could the police believe his words? They wouldn’t casually just buy a person’s words to send out the police.
	Timothy was taken back to the detention room.
	He was naive to think that he could protect Sophie and their child by staying here.
	This time, Bright and Rose were injured. How could the Lee family let it go easily?
	They would rather kill a hundred by mistake than spare a person.
	Besides, Bright was cruel and would never let them go.
	Timothy was worried about Sophie. But he didn't know that Sophie now was intending to abort the baby and had already lived with Sky again.
	Sophie left the police station and went to the supermarket to buy fresh vegetables, fish and fruits. Then, she went back to Asgard Lake Community, where she lived with Sky now.
	Unexpectedly, she met Nora. They were just five meters away.
	Nora was wearing a black dress and seven-inch high heels. Her legs were long and beautiful.
	She gracefully took off her sunglasses, walked towards Sophie, and slapped her, which made Sophie helpless and see stars.
	"Sophie, how dare you show up in front of me!"
	As song as Nora heard about Rose's accident today, she rushed to the hospital to visit her. They had consonance and knew that Sophie must be the culprit behind it.
	Now that she met Sophie, it was a good chance for her to take revenge for Rose.
	"Nora!" Sophie's face was hot and hurt, as if it was pinned by needles.
	"How dare you call my name?" Nora took two steps closer, "If you can stand still, I'll tear you to pieces for Rose!"
	"It's none of my business what happened to her! Nora, I'm telling you I'm still Mrs. Tanner. Hitting me is embarrassing the Tanner family. The Tanner family will not allow you to be so arrogant!" Sophie could only rely on her identity.
	"All people know that you have cuckolded Sky and have been kicked out of the Tanner family. Sky will divorce you. Do you think the Tanner family will still protect you? You're not delusional, are you?" Nora sneered, laughing at how stupid Sophie was.
	"Then you can try hitting me again." Sophie raised her eyebrows and was not afraid of Nora.
	"Do you think I will be afraid? Anyway, I want to exercise." Nora rubbed her wrist and then raised her hand...
	Unexpectedly, someone held her wrist tightly. Nora was shocked when she looked sideways to see that the person standing beside her to stop her was Sky.
	"Sky, why are you stopping me? She caused Rose to get hurt. I'll teach this shameless bitch a lesson!" Nora broke free from his grip and was angry.
	"Ms. Nora, she's pregnant."
	Seeing Sky appear, Sophie hid behind him in fear and was aggrieved, "Sky, Ms. Nora is so fierce..."
	She pretended to be pitiful as she was before, which made Nora speechless.
	"Sky, you actually protect her. Are you crazy?"
Chapter 316 My Wife Is Weak and Delicate
	Nora looked at Sky who was standing in front of Sophie to protect her with an incredulous look.
	"Ms. Nora, I said she is pregnant. If it comes out that you fight pregnant women, it is not good for you, for the Cooper family, and for the Way family." Sky reminded Nora of the stakes, hoping she could calm down.
	"Sky, don't you know what she has done to Rose? She stole Rose's fiancé back then, and now she wants to kill Rose! Besides, what has she done to you?"
	"Do you forget that she has cuckolded you? It is still unsure whether the baby in her belly is yours. But you are protecting her now. Sky, I'm so disappointed with you! Rose is wise to leave you and marry Mr. Bright..."
	"Ms. Nora, stop it!" Sky's face was cold and he held Sophie's hand, "No matter what she did, it's between us. It's none of your business!"
	"We're not divorced yet. Now, she is still Mrs. Tanner and is a member of the Tanner family! For the sake of your father, I will not mind your slap just now. But from now on, please respect us, Ms. Nora."
	"Sky, you ungrateful bastard!" Nora despised Sky for being so partial to Sophie and even ignoring Rose's life and death.
	"Let's go." Sky was expressionless as he held Sophie and was about to leave.
	"Stop." A male voice drew the attention of the crowd.
	Nora watched Alan Way walk over with his hands in his pockets. He was leisurely and lazy, and stood beside her.
	He reached over and took Nora's hand that had just hit Sophie on the left side of her face, "Honey, does your hand hurt?"
	"..." Nora just wanted to ask him whether he was crazy.
	Alan didn't care whether Nora answered or not, but kept staring at Sky and Sophie. His gaze gradually became cold and solemn, "Mr. Sky, it's your business if you don't care. But I am always petty. Mrs. Tanner's face is tough and thick, which hurts my wife's delicate palm and makes it red. What are you going to do? "
	Nora opened her charming eyes slightly and did not expect Alan to be so knavish.
	"Mr. Alan, it is obvious that she hit me. My face hurts. How can say that? You are too unreasonable." Sophie felt very dissatisfied.
	"I am unreasonable. So what?" Alan raised his eyebrows, "My wife is delicate and weak. I can't bear to let her work hard. You even make her angry and hit you. Sophie, you are really good."
	Sophie grabbed Sky's sleeve with some fear.
	The Way family was one of the four families in City H. She couldn't afford to offend them.
	Alan was the youngest son of the Way family. A spoiled man like him was unusually unreasonable.
	"Mr. Alan, please don't be unreasonable." Sky spoke out to calm them down, "Let it go."
	"Let it go? No way." Alan disagreed.
	"Then what do you want?" Sky frowned, not expecting Alan to be so intractable, "You have to know that it is wrong for Ms. Nora to hit others."
	"My wife is always right in my eyes whatever she does." Alan sneered, "Besides, she hit Mrs. Sky who is hated by everyone. It just dirties my wife's hands."
	Alan took Nora's hand and put it in front of him, "Honey, what do you think? I will always listen to you. If you do not want to let it go..."
	"As long as Sophie is alive, I will have many opportunities." Nora drew back her hand and glared at Sophie before turning to leave.
	"Sophie, if you anger my wife again, I won't let you off as easily as I did today. Mr. Sky's face can't work all the time." Alan said and left to catch up with Nora.
	Sky and Sophie watched them enter the villa next to them and disappeared in the bamboo grove around the corner.
	Sophie relaxed after she couldn't see them and leaned lightly into Sky's arms.
	"Sky, I ... I'm so scared." Sophie was indeed afraid of Nora. Nora's aura was so powerful that it would make her forget to avoid.
	And she had been a little afraid of Nora since she was a child. Nora was too sharp.
	Sky took her shoulder, looked into the distance, and gently said, "Do not be afraid. I am here."
	"But they ... You can't be with me all the time." If she met Nora alone one day again, what should she do?
	It was easy for Nora to kill her if she really wanted.
	She was the lady of the Cooper family and the young hostess of the Way family. With these two identities, she was one of the most dignified women in City H.
	"Nora is just tough-mouthed. She doesn't dare to do anything to you. Since Rose is injured and hospitalized, as Rose's best friend, Nora will inevitably be furious. It will be fine when her anger subsides."
	"Although I can't be with you all the time, I will have someone secretly protect you. Don't worry."
	Hearing what Sky said, Sophie gradually settled down.
	"Good. I'll try to stay at home and wait for you." Sophie behaved well and was considerate, "Let's go home. I've bought a lot of food and will cook it for you."
	Sophie took Sky's arm and they went back home.
	Sky's villa and Nora's villa were not far apart.
	After they entered the house and changed their shoes, Sophie put all the food in the kitchen.
	"Sky, take a break. I'll call you when the meal is ready." Sophie got the apron and tied it.
	Sky opened the fridge and took an ice pack out. He wrapped it in a towel, walked towards Sophie, and pinched her chin, "Your face needs to be treated."
	He pressed the ice pack against her face to relieve the pain and swelling.
	"It's ugly, isn't it?" Sophie looked up at Sky who was nice to her at the moment.
	"It hurts, I guess." Sky didn't answer the question positively, "Nora must have used all her strength on that slap. I didn't protect you well."
	"It doesn't hurt anymore." Sophie shook her head, not wanting him to worry, "Sky, as long as I can be with you in the future, I can endure any pain."
	"You'll be fine after applying more time." Sky said, smiling lightly. But his eyes were indifferent.
	Then, Sophie cooked and Sky went upstairs.
	He went into the study and locked the door before taking out his cell phone and dialing a number, "Did you find the person?"
	"OK. When the person is found, prepare everything and I'll tell you what to do."
Chapter 317 He Can't Be the Second Marley
	During the three days when Bright was in a coma, Rose and Bill were tormented. They were afraid that they would fail to attain their hopes and there would be any accident.
	Bright had not woken up. Although Sophie seemed calm on the surface, her mind was in turmoil.
	As long as she was free, she would stay outside Bright's ward and looked at him through the glass window, his face as pale as paper. He was lifeless.
	Bright was so quiet that he looked like he was asleep.
	"Bright, I know you must be very tired. But please do wake up, even for a second or two. Even if you can open your eyes to see me before going to sleep, it will be good. Bright..." Rose bit her lip and looked down, her eyes full of sadness. "I'm really scared..."
	At that moment, a mess of footsteps came. Rose turned around and saw Francis and Hallie coming in a hurry, followed by Stefan, Zoe, and Bill.
	"Dad..." Just as Rose turned around and called out, a crisp slap sounded.
	Francis' action was so fast that it caught people off guard. He hit Rose and tilted her head. Her hair was messy over her face.
	It hurt so much that Rose felt that the pain spread on her face like the fire three days ago.
	"Francis, why do you hit Rose?" Hallie also did not expect Francis to do this as soon as he came.
	"As Bright's wife, she let Bright risk his life. Bright disregarded life and responsibility and acted recklessly. He hurt himself and made his parents worry. The Lee family is nothing in his eyes!" Francis was now all in a rage.
	Francis took two more steps closer. Seeing his best son lying there like a lifeless puppet, he was heartbroken.
	"Francis, you are not in good health. Don't be angry. God blesses good men. Bright will definitely wake up. Don't worry." Hallie held Francis and kept caressing his back.
	"How can I not worry? Back then, you also said Marley would wake up. Then, he has been lying there for so many years. Now, Bright is also like this. How can I not get angry?" Francis had lost one excellent son. He didn't expect his other son to make the same mistake again.
	Francis now was not angry, but furious and shocked.
	"If you end like Marley ... what should I do?"
	Faced with Francis' question, Hallie fell silent. She also did not know how to comfort Francis.
	"Dad, Ms. Hallie, I'm sorry. It's my fault. I caused Bright to suffer so badly." Rose lowered her head in front of Francis and blamed herself, "If you can vent your anger by beating me and scolding me, feel free to do so. I don't mind. I also hope Bright can wake up soon."
	"What's the use of beating and scolding you?" Francis smiled bitterly, "What I want is my son standing in front of me intact!"
	"Dad, I'm sorry ... " Rose could understand Francis' feelings, "I believe Bright will wake up. He is so young and has someone he can't let go of. He also has his responsibilities. He is not an escapist. He will bravely face these. We must believe that he can wake up."
	In fact, Rose was not confident while saying these words. But she hoped things to go as she said.
	"Come on. Stop saying sugared words." It was Zoe who interjected, "It's all your fault. Bright has been so spirited. But you caused him to lie here dying. You're a plague. Bright will be unfortunate as long as he has anything to do with you…"
	"Zoe, shut up!" Hallie scolded her daughter for her words, "She is your sister-in-law."
	"She caused Bright to be like this. She does not deserve the title!" After what happened last time and this time, Zoe was even more disgusted with Rose.
	"Miss Zoe, it's not up to you whether Ms. Rose deserves it or not." Bill said lightly, "She is Mr. Bright's legal wife. I don't think Mr. Bright would like to see you treat his wife with such disrespect."
	"Bill, you're defending her so much. Do you like her?" Zoe gave them a searching look.
	"Miss Zoe, as a man, I am not afraid of it. But please stop talking nonsense. It will damage Ms. Rose's reputation." Bill reminded Zoe, "If Mr. Bright wakes up and knows it, I don't have to tell you the consequences."
	"And Mr. Bright asked me to take care of Ms. Rose. So, I have to do it."
	Today, seeing that Bright had not woken up, Bill thought that it was necessary to tell Francis about it. So, Francis and the other just came by private plane.
	Bill was afraid that if there was any accident ... he could not afford the consequences.
	After all, Francis was Bright's real father and had the right to know all this. Although Bill had also thought Rose would be blamed, he did not expect Zoe to talk such nonsense.
	Zoe trembled lightly, thinking of how cold and heartless Bright had been to her last time.
	"I'm thinking about Bright." Zoe was stubborn and reluctant to admit her mistakes.
	"Zoe, Bright is still lying there. Is it appropriate for you to blame Rose now?" Stefan pulled Zoe, "Besides, Rose didn't want this to happen. She is Bright's wife. She suffers as much as we do."
	"Who do you support?" Zoe shook off Stefan's hand, disgruntled.
	"We're a family. I don't support anyone." Stefan made his stand clear and showed great unity.
	"You… You're trying to piss me off." Zoe bit her lip and glared at him, retorting in a low voice, "She caused Bright to be hurt so badly. How can she be a member of the Lee family?"
	Rose didn't want to argue with Zoe. After all, it was not the right time and place.
	But she had to say something, "Zoe, I am Bright's wife. No matter in law or in name, I am a member of the Lee family. Even if you don't admit it, it doesn't matter because I don't care about your opinion. All I care about is Bright."
	Zoe did not answer. But it could be told from her expression that she was satirizing Rose's shamelessness.
	"Rose, of course you are a member of the Lee family. No one can deny it." Stefan was a warm-hearted boy, "I welcome you."
	"Thank you, Stefan." Rose thought Stefan was more reasonable.
	"Stop it. It is not the time to recognize family." Zoe resented that Stefan was always against her, "Dad, Mom, Bright is..."
	"Call the doctor. I can't let my son just stay asleep like this. He has to wake up." Francis was distraught, "Bright can't be the second Marley."
	Francis was dizzy just as he got up from the chair. Then, he fell back into the chair and had a blackout...
	"Francis, don't scare me…"
	"Dad... Dad ... "
Chapter 318 Better Not Offend Me in the Future
	"Mr. Lee..." Bill was a little panicked.
	Francis would be 60 this year and his heart was weak. He might have been so angry so he passed out.
	"Doctor, help!" Rose ran to the door and called the doctors.
	Bright was in a VIP room with medical staff standing by 24 hours, so when they heard Rose's shouting, they rushed over for help.
	Jacob Holmes, the doctor on duty today, saw the crowd surrounding Francis. He thought something was wrong with Bright.
	"What's the matter?" Jacob rushed to Francis. The others stepped back, all anxious.
	"My dad fainted," Zoe pointed at Rose and said, with hatred in her eyes, "He fainted from anger because of her!"
	"Send him to the emergency room." Jacob said to the other medical staff.
	The others immediately carried Francis to the bed and transferred him to the emergency room.
	Hallie followed. She almost fell over as she got up, but luckily Stefan was at her side to catch her.
	"Mom, don't worry, Dad will be all right." Stefan and Hallie followed the doctor out of the room.
	Rose wanted to go with them, but Zoe stood in front of her, saying, "Rose, my brother is injured because of you and my Dad passed out. What the hell are you going to do?"
	"Get out of the way," Rose did not show Zoe the slightest respect and said coldly.
	"What if I don't?" Zoe looked at Rose haughtily.
	"Don't blame me for being rude." Rose reached out and shoved Zoe aside and strode away.
	"You..." Zoe was angry when she was pushed and ignored by Rose, and now Zoe almost lost her sanity.
	She looked at Bright in the room and had an idea, "Brother, are you awake?"
	As soon as Rose heard that, she was surprised and turned back to Bright. However, Zoe stretched out her leg. Rose, who didn't pay attention as she only had Bright in her mind, was tripped and fell to the ground.
	Rose fell to her knees on the hard ground. Her knees were hurt and her delicate forehead was covered with sweat.
	Rose was in so much pain that she could not speak for a moment. She bit her lips to stop herself from making a cry and swallowed the pain.
	Zoe was so happy to see that.
	She stood in front of Rose, who could not stand up for the moment. And then she bent down, looking at Rose's painful look, "Rose, how could you be so careless? You must have a hard fall."
	"Zoe, your Brother is watching you." Rose was so calm and cold that she didn't seem to be affected at all.
	The fact that Rose was not angry at all discouraged Zoe, as if she had hit on cotton with all her strength.
	The happy feeling had suddenly vanished, and was replaced with anger.
	"You're not qualified to mention him! What a fine and honorable man my Brother is, and he even gave up his life for you! Rose, why should you ask my Brother to do so much for you? Why? You're just a shameless bitch!"
	She growled angrily, and her eyes were a little wet.
	Madly jealous, she fell into a whirlpool of pain from which she could not break free.
	"Because I am his wife. We are a couple," Rose looked calm and her lashes were long and fluttering. "Because he loves me and I love him..."
	"Love? You don't deserve to be loved!" Zoe interrupted Rose, not listening to what could hurt her, and even denied Rose, "Brother doesn't love you!"
	"Does he love you, Miss Zoe?" Rose's lips rose slowly and she smiled meaningfully, "Even though you are not related by blood, and you have lived together for several years, you didn't win his love for you."
	The laughter was like a sword piercing into Zoe's heart. She winced, retreated, and went pale.
	Zoe never dared to show her love for Bright. She hid it carefully, but at that moment, Rose revealed her, exposing her mind, and she was exposed by the person she hated most. She now felt extremely embarrassed.
	"I didn't!" Zoe denied, "I just think of him as my Brother," Zoe said, "I'm his sister." Zoe defended for herself, concealing her thoughts.
	"Are you really willing to accept the fact?" Rose didn't believe her, "Zoe, don't deceive yourself."
	"Rose, stop talking nonsense," Zoe cleared her throat.
	"You dare not admit it because you are afraid that you are not qualified to stand beside him as a sister, so you prefer to stay with Lina and Bright, so that you can stay with him." Rose saw it all through. "Don't be silly, love is selfish. If Lina knows that the person you love is Bright, she will let you go as far as you can. No one wants others to share their lover."
	"You think you are good friends, but you don't know that you are merely a pawn of her use, or that you are willing to be used..."
	"Enough! It's enough!" Zoe's face was pale, and she got furious.
	She raised her hand and wanted to slap Rose, but Rose caught her hand and pulled Zoe hard. Zoe suddenly fell in front of her, and Rose slapped her.
	The crisp sound was particularly clear and harsh in the quiet room.
	"Rose, how dare you slap me!" Zoe clutched her aching, burning face.
	"Zoe, I didn't want Bright to make hard decisions, so I didn't care about you. But you have gone too far time and again, the I don't need to tolerate you anymore. I have never been a person who is easy to be bullied!" Rose said heavily, warning Zoe, "You'd better not offend me in the future! This is just a little lesson!"
	"You..." Zoe gritted her teeth.
	Rose finally recovered her strength and tried to stand up, but before she could get her footing, Zoe got up and pulled her long hair, immobilized Rose and made her scalp ache.
	She answered back, word for word, "I'm not easy to be bullied either, Rose."
	How could Zoe withstand it. There was no one now anyway, so she got very brave and was not afraid of anything.
	As she spoke, she raised her hand to slap Rose back, and suddenly her hand was grabbed by someone.
Chapter 319 Can't Stand Her Being in Danger
	With her eyes closed, Rose had quietly waited Zoe's slap, but it did not come.
	Instead, she heard Zoe cry out weakly, "Brother..."
	Rose seemed to have got a thunderbolt. She opened her eyes suddenly at Zoe and Bright, who was holding Zoe's arm to stop her.
	They had no idea when he woke up or when he came to stop Zoe.
	Rose stared at Bright so closely that her eyes, which had been calm and indifferent, began to waver with joy and worry.
	"How could you get up?" Rose rebuked him.
	Did he rip off all those instruments for her? He just woke up and got off bed. Was he strong enough to do this?
	"Brother..." Zoe was afraid to look at Bright and lowered her head.
	Bright grabbed Zoe and threw her to the ground. "Zoe, do you want to die?" he asked.
	Bright was just recovering from his severe injury. His face was as white as paper, and his lips was pale, making him look weak.
	Although he was sickly, it did not reduce his powerful aura. His fierce eyes made Zoe feel as if she had been sentenced to death.
	This made Rose feel a little distressed, "You just woke up, I'll call the doctor for you."
	Rose did not want him to teach Zoe a lesson for her. After all, there were still plenty of opportunities to deal with Zoe. Now, his health was more important.
	"No, I'm not that weak." Bright grabbed Rose as she was leaving.
	"Brother, she... it was because of her that you got injured, and Dad had passed out because of her. She even slapped me... I was just angry, so I wanted to teach her a lesson..." Zoe defended herself.
	"She's my wife, and it's not your turn to teach her a lesson." Bright reached out and wrapped Rose in his arms.
	Rose could feel that Bright was weak, and his breathing was a little short.
	Though he was holding her, he took the opportunity to lean against her for support.
	Rose stood up, with one arm holding around his strong back.
	"Last time you hurt my daughter, and this time you bullied my wife... Zoe, is it because you didn't learn the lesson last time? Or is it because you thought me as a dead man ad you don't mind my words? Bright was enjoying being in Rose's arms right now.
	"Brother..."
	"You don't deserve to call me that." Bright immediately interrupted her, "Don't ever call me brother again."
	"Bro..."
	"Shut up!" sapped Bright.
	Zoe, who fell to the ground, shuddered at the roar, and sobbed with fear.
	No matter whether she pretended to be pathetic or was really pathetic, she could not move Rose, nor could she soften Bright's attitude.
	"Call Bill and tell him to get here right now!" Bright said to Rose, "Give me your cell phone."
	"Let me help you sit down." Rose helped him sit on a chair.
	She faced him and frowned as she looked at his pale face, "Let's talk about it later. Let the doctor check you first."
	"I know myself well. It has to be dealt with right now. I can't wait a second." Bright shook Rose's hand, showing his determination, "I can't stand having a dangerous person like her around you, not even one second!"
	"Give me the phone."
	Rose turned her head and looked at Zoe on the ground. The latter looked at Rose with begging eyes and shook her head gently to ask Rose not to do it.
	"It's no use asking for help now." Bright himself reached into Rose's trouser to dig for her cell phone. Just then, Bill appeared at the door of the hospital room, with a flash of surprise in his eyes.
	"Mr. Lee..."
	"Get here!"
	Bill had barely spoken two words before he was scolded.
	"Mr. Lee, are you awake?" Bill's face was full of smiles, but when he looked at Bright's pretty black face, he got nervous. He knew that something was going to happen. "That's great. I can't feel relieved now. Mr. Lee and his wife are here. I'm going to tell them the good news so they won't worry."
	Bill was about to rush away, but he was stopped before he could get away. "How about getting to the Sahara instead?"
	"Mr. Lee... Isn't this a big joke?" Bill wiped his sweat and still smiled. "Even ghosts can't live there, let alone me."
	"Then just be a ghost," Bright said coldly.
	"Mrs. Lee..." Bill turned to plead Rose.
	Rose reached out and gently tugged at the corner of Bright's hospital gown as a plea.
	"What the hell are you doing?" Bill said disdainfully, "I asked you to take care of Rose. It that how you take care of her?"
	"I... I went to see what is going on with Mr. Lee." Bill felt like he had neglected something, so he ran back, but it was too late. "I'm willing to be punished, but can you not send me to the Sahara?"
	"All right, then send her there." Bright glanced at Zoe on the ground and showed no mercy.
	Zoe was petrified at that time. She did not want to go to that ghostly place.
	She was only twenty, and she didn't want to end her youth there!
	"Mr. Lee, really?" Bill frowned softly.
	Although he didn't dare question Bright, Zoe was Hallie's daughter and Francis's stepdaughter, so he had to think twice about it.
	"You couldn't bear to send her there? Then you send yourself there. I'll find someone else to do that." Bright picked up his cell phone and started to call someone.
	"Mr. Lee, I am at your service. Why bother others, right? I promise to finish the job." Bill had to take the job, even if Francis blamed it for him, he had no way out. He would only listen to Bright.
	Bill then made a phone call and said, "Bring someone to take Miss Zoe away."
	After Zoe heard this, she could not stand it anymore. She crawled all the way to Bright's feet and tugged at the corner of his pants, but Bright shook her off with disgust in his eyes.
	"Bro..."
	Bright's fierce eyes swept over her, like the chilly wind in December, making her freeze.
	"Please, don't do this to me," she said, "I really didn't mean to do it, please..."
	Zoe kept begging, but Bright still did not change his mind.
	Seeing that Bright didn't look at her, Zoe turned to Rose. For her own sake, she gave up even the dignity and begged for the person she hated the most.
Chapter 320 To Err Is Human
	But Rose didn't say a word either, just like she did when Doris was hurt.
	She also thought that Zoe could change her mistakes, but... She had thought too much.
	This kind of person wouldn't know where they were wrong without punishment, and they wouldn't correct their mistakes.
	When Zoe saw that they paid no attention to her, she burst into tears and choked, "Even if you don't care about me, my mother and father will not approve of you sending me to a place like the Sahara."
	"What difference does it make whether they agree or not? Do you think they can change my decision? Zoe, don't be naive. There is only one chance. If you don't cherish it, you will get double punishments. This is what you asked for." Bright's tone was light, but powerful.
	"Give me another chance, I will certainly change myself." Zoe held up her fingers with a firm look on her face. "I swear I will never offend Rose or Doris again. I will stay away from them, and I will disappear from where they are, OK? I'll do what I said. Please don't send me to the Sahara..."
	Zoe was crying her eyes out. She would do anything to save her life.
	"What a noise. Did the men come?" Bright frowned and said, "Take her away."
	Zoe forgot to cry for a second. Her eyes were wide open and her soul seemed to be out of her body.
	Bill asked the people who were outside to come in and came next to Zoe.
	The two tall men grabbed Zoe, like a net that surrounded her. Zoe's heart had been falling to the bottom of the valley and was about to be smashed.
	"Bright, Mr. Lee, I beg you, don't drive me to that place!" Zoe was completely panicked and her eyes were swollen with crying, but Bright didn't show any mercy.
	Bright was obviously impatient and he didn't want to hear Zoe crying.
	Bill, who knew Bright's mind, immediately winked at the two men, who got Zoe off the ground and kept pulling her out quickly.
	"Bright, you can't do this to me! Bright..." Zoe shouted over her shoulder, glaring at Rose, "Rose, you bitch. You won't have a good ending! I curse you to have a miserable end..."
	The man covered Zoe's mouth to prevent her from saying anything that would upset Bright.
	"What are you doing? Release Zoe!" Hallie happened to come here and saw two man drag Zoe out.
	But when neither of them listened to her, Hallie added, "Are you deaf? Didn't you hear me? Or will you let her go until I ask Mr. Lee?"
	Bill stepped forward and said, "Ma'am, it's not up to you to decide. You'd better stay with Mr. Lee and not watch this here."
	"Bill, you..." Hallie gasped, "Who gave you the nerve to touch my daughter?"
	When Zoe saw her mother, she seemed to see a savior and asked her to save her with wide eyes.
	"It's me, why?" Bright answered in time and raised his sharp eyebrows.
	Hearing the sound, Hallie froze, then turned around and said, "Bright... Are you awake?"
	"Yes, I am. I am luckier than my eldest brother. I have not lain down for so many years." Bright's eyes lit up with a smile. "Did I let Ms. Hallie down?"
	"I... How come? I'm really glad you woke up. Your father passed out because he was too worried about you. He'd be glad to hear the good news when he woke up." Hallie looked very pale. She felt embarrassed when facing Bright because Bright had never shown his stepmother any respect.
	"Bright, what did Zoe do to offend you so that you treat her like this?" Hallie changed the subject.
	"She is repeat her mistakes and has touched my bottom line." Bright told her, "You love her and indulge her, but I won't."
	"Zoe must be confused for a while. Please let her go for my sake. Your father and I will discipline her," Hallie begged.
	"I won't do it give face to my father again and again." Bright eyes were deep and merciless. "Scolding won't work. Punishment is more memorable."
	"Take her away. Mr. Lee needs rest."
	The men were about to take Zoe away when Hallie stretched out her arms, "If you're going to take her away, step on me!"
	"Mom, help me, help me!" Zoe bit the hand of the man who covered her mouth, and said, "Mom, they're sending me to the Sahara. I don't want to go there! No!"
	"Zoe, don't worry, Mom wouldn't let you go there. I will save you even if it risks my life!" Hallie promised.
	"Mom..." Zoe's tears grew stronger.
	"Bright, I beg you to let my daughter go." Hallie walked over to Bright and said, "It's my fault that I didn't educate her well. I would like to apologize to Rose for her mistake and take the punishment. Please don't take her away!"
	After that, Hallie turned to Rose and bowed to her. "Rose," she said, "on behalf of Zoe, I apologize to you. I didn't educate well my daughter. It's my fault. You're a mother, too. You should understand my feelings, Rose... please persuade Bright. He will listen to you."
	"Ms. Hallie, this is none of your business. You don't need to apologize to me for her." Rose helped her up, "It is true that we are both mothers, but if my daughter does something wrong, I will not protect her. Instead, I would let her realize her mistake and accept the due punishment, take responsibility, and be a person who can correct her mistakes. That's what mothers should do, and that's what daughters should do."
	Hallie looked into Rose's eyes that were pure enough to make her feel selfish, but she couldn't be so selfless.
	"But I can't." Hallie pressed her lips together, with tears in her eyes.
	"You can't do it, so I'll do it for you." Bright answered for Rose.
	Zoe was dragged out of the room, "Mom, help me, help me..."
	Hallie watched Zoe disappear in the doorway. "Zoe!"
	She then knelt down in front of Bright, startling Rose.
Chapter 321 Darling, I Love You
	Rose took a step back in horror and looked at Hallie on her knees in embarrassment. She did not expect that Hallie would put down her dignity to kneel down for her daughter.
	But Bright still didn't show mercy for Hallie's humble approach.
	This showed that Bright really didn't take his stepmother seriously and didn't care about his father's face.
	Rose frowned and lamented.
	Rose looked at Bright, who showed no expression at all, as if he was not afraid of anyone misunderstanding him.
	But it was his stepmother, and at any rate Hallie was his senior. It was not a good thing if others saw a senior kneel down in front of a junior.
	Rose stepped forward, bent down and reached over to help Hallie, trying to pull her up from the ground. "Ms. Hallie, don't do that. Please get up."
	Hallie still did not get up. She patted Rose's hand away and just looked at Bright.
	"Bright, please let Zoe go. I will teach her a lesson this time, so that she will not dare to be disrespectful to Rose. I will ask her to apologize to Rose and shut her at home. Is that OK?" Hallie threw her head back, tears in her eyes, pleading plaintively.
	"Or to punish her in a different way, but not in such a cruel way. Throwing a girl in that place will kill her."
	"I only have one daughter. Please let her go."
	"But you have another son, and that's enough. This daughter isn't of much use, isn't it?" Bright said.
	Hallie frowned, with deep sadness and pain on her face. "Bright, it's all my fault. If you really want to punish her, then let me take it. But I only ask you to spare her and let her stay alive..."
	With that, Hallie got up from the ground and was about to dash for the wall.
	Bright knew what Hallie was up to. He just looked at her back coldly, and said with an extremely cold tone, "Ms. Hallie, if you want to die with your daughter, I don't mind your being so impulsive."
	Hallie stopped when she heard this. Her eyes closed in despair and her drooping fingers tightened at her side.
	She took a deep breath, then slowly turned around, her eyes sharp as a knife, not as soft and pitiful as before.
	"Bright, you are Francis's son, so I have that, been doing my duty in the Lee family all these years and have never done anything to embarrass you. Why did you do this to my daughter and me?" Hallie stopped groveling and asked Bright in a cold voice.
	"Didn't you do any wrong? Did you really have a clear conscience when you entered the Lee Family?" Bright's eyes were cold, questioning Hallie.
	"Of course." Hallie answered naturally and firmly.
	"My brother..."
	"Your brother and I didn't know each other at all."
	Hallie's face turned slightly, and she denied it for the first time. "Bright," she said, "live and let live! If you really want to do this to Zoe, I'll have to tell your father about it and let him handle it."
	"Then you can go." Bright didn't care.
	Hallie couldn't be here anymore. She could feel her heart was racing.
	She turned and hurried away.
	When Hallie left, calm returned to the room.
	Bright was relieved and leaned back. He was using all his strength to deal with the issue.
	Now that the matter had been done, he was relaxed.
	Rose saw the thin layer of sweat on his forehead.
	"Darling, thank you for so protective of me." Rose raised her hand and wiped his forehead with the sleeve of her shirt.
	She knew that he didn't want her to be wronged at all and didn't want others to bully her again. That was why he was so ruthless to Zoe.
	With the example of Zoe, then no one dared to touch Rose.
	"Who will protect you if not me?" Bright held her hands in his. "I'll be there for you no matter what happened."
	Rose nodded. "How would you explain to your Dad about this?"
	"Don't worry about it. Just leave it to me."
	Bright's eyes were fixed on her face and he saw the red mark on her left face.
	Rose seemed to see something in his eyes. She got up and said, "I'll call the doctor for you."
	Bright took her hand and looked at Rose, whose back was to him. "What happened to the slap mark on your face?"
	"What? Is there any...?" Rose was not good at lying. "I just got it humped by accident."
	"Why didn't you hit the brain?" Bright knew she was lying at a glance, "Tell the truth."
	Rose couldn't say it was his father who did it, as that would worsen their already-troubled relationship.
	"I'll tell you when you see the doctor." Rose pushed his hand away.
	It seemed that Bright really didn't have that much strength, so he had to let her go.
	Rose called the doctor, who examined Bright and said, "He has passed the critical period now, but he still needs time to recover from his injuries. Now he has just woken up, so he is not strong enough. He still needs to rest and recover slowly. Mr. Lee can be transferred to an ordinary ward today."
	Bright was arranged in the VIP ward, and Rose stayed with him all the time.
	"What would you like to eat? Rose was peeling an apple. "The doctor says you'd better eat some liquid food first. I'll ask my aunt to make porridge for you."
	Bright just stared at Rose closely, and Rose's eyes were also on his. His soft eyes made her face hot.
	She felt shy and said, "Why are you looking at me? Is there something on my face?"
	"I just wanted to look at you like this." Bright's words were so sweet.
	Rose's face grew redder. "Be serious."
	"I'm serious, okay? I didn't really know what fear was until that day when you were caught in a fire. Something fell on me after I threw you out of the house. The moment I passed out I was really afraid I would never see you again." There was fear in Bright's eyes that she had never seen before.
	"I didn't think I'd ever open my eyes and see you again. Rose, I love you."
Chapter 322 I Would Like to Die in the Hand of a Beauty Like You
	They were just three simple words, but when they came from Bright's mouth, they became so touching.
	When Rose heard this, she felt moved, and tears came to her eyes, and then, like broken pearls, her tears fell quietly, which set off her eyelids beautifully.
	"What are you crying for, silly girl?" When Bright saw that she was crying, he lifted his finger to wipe the tears from her face, "I want you to smile every day when you are with me, not to cry."
	Rose threw herself into his arms and hugged him tightly. "These are tears of happiness. Bright, you know what? I was just as afraid of never seeing you again as you were. The doctor said if you couldn't wake up in three days, it would be dangerous..."
	"But I know that you will wake up. You have never let me down, so I believe that you will wake up because you won't leave us... right?"
	"Clever girl." Bright wrapped his arms around her, "I have such a beautiful wife, and a lovely girl... And we're still expecting a son. How could I let you down?"
	What son?
	Rose stopped crying and looked at him with clear eyes.
	Bright looked at her stupid look and then kissed her on the lips.
	Rose grabbed his clothes with both hands, and Bright whispered, "Close your eyes."
	Rose obediently shut her eyes and let him kiss her lips. Not until they were out of breath did he let her go.
	He passed his fingers over her lips, red and swollen from his kiss, and smiled like a child who had stolen candy.
	"You don't care about your health?" Rose knew what was on his mind.
	"I would like to die in the hands of such a beauty like you." Bright answered.
	"You flirt." Rose shot him a glance.
	"If I am always a serious man, how could we have a daughter, and how could we have a son?" Bright smiled more and more unbridled.
	What was all this nonsense?
	Rose didn't look at him and coughed, "I want to ask you something."
	"What is it?" Bright showed that he was willing to answer any questions she asked.
	"Weren't you abroad when I was kidnapped by Timothy? How did you know about it? How did you find that place?" Rose was in despair. She thought she was going to die.
	But at that desperate moment, Bright appeared.
	Although she had been reading his name in the heart, that was the most instinctive reaction before death. She wanted to see her most beloved before she died.
	When she saw Bright, she really thought it was an illusion, but she did not expect that he really came to save her. She was really surprised and shocked.
	So, she wondered how he knew where she was.
	"I was already on the plane back home that evening. When I arrived and turned on the phone, I received a message from Sky, saying that you are in danger, so he asked me to save you." Bright answered truthfully, "And Sky also called Bill."
	"How did he know?" Rose was puzzled.
	"He said it was Sophie's plan. He helped us this time." Bright held her hands. "Although Sky is my rival in love, and I don't like him, I need to thank him for this."
	Rose was silent.
	At that moment, the door of Bright's room was pushed open. Bright and Rose looked up at the comer.
	Francis was wheeled into the room by Stefan and Hallie.
	Francis sat on the sofa, looked at Bright and said, "You've woken up?"
	"Yes." Bright replied lightly, "I'm lucky this time, otherwise I'll have to lie in bed like my brother for many years. Dad, you should be glad that your son is alive to stay with you."
	"Bright, why say that about yourself?" Francis's thick brow furrowed, knowing that his son meant something else.
	"Dad, tell me what's purpose of coming here." Bright knew his father would find him.
	"Zoe... Do you have to do this to Zoe?" Francis was helpless. He was trapped in between his wife's daughter and his son. He was really in a dilemma, "She is just a spoiled girl who has not grown up. She deserves to be punished, but not so much to let her die. If you drive her to the Sahara, how could she stay alive?"
	"Bright, Zoe is your Aunt's daughter, and she's also my daughter, your sister. How could you do this to your family? Bright, please let Zoe go this time."
	"Dad, I had let her go when she hurt Doris last time. This time she insulted my wife again. If I let her go again, then I will not be a qualified husband and father. I can't show mercy to the person who hurt my beloved ones again and again. That's not my style!"
	"Since she wants to challenge my bottom line again and again, then she can only pay the huge price!"
	"Don't say anything. I have made up my mind, and no one can change it. If you don't want me to be your son, it's fine. You've never cared about me anyway."
	"Nonsense!" Francis fumed, "I wouldn't have come from City J if I don't care about you. In fact, in dad's heart you are my son and daughter. We are family. Why should we hurt each other?"
	"My mother had only given birth to two children, me and my brother." Bright warned.
	"Brother." Stefan felt sad. Had his venerable brother never acknowledged him as his younger brother?
	Stefan took two steps forward, "Brother, even if you don't recognize me as your younger brother, you are still my brother."
	"I know that my sister has made mistakes again and again, and I know that we should not plead for mercy for her, but she is always my sister, and I, as brother, also want to beg you for not driving my sister away to that place. Could you please punish her in a different way?"
	"Brother, I never asked you for anything... Brother, could you spare my sister?"
	"Stefan, you are different from her." Bright lay down, pulled back the covers and closed his eyes. "I'm tired and want to have a good rest."
	He had never been a man easy to be persuaded to change his mind.
	"Brother... Then you have a good rest. I hope you'll think about it." Stefan turned away, disappointed.
	Francis got up, too, and Hallie grabbed his arm. They couldn't leave without a result.
	She worried about Zoe, wondering where she was now.
	If Francis couldn't deal with it, then who was going to stand for her?
Chapter 323 Half of My Bed Is Yours
	Francis did not want to have any conflict with Bright at this time. After all, his son had just woken up and was still weak. He was afraid that Bright would have an accident again.
	Francis glanced sideways at Hallie, then patted her hand, comforting her. "Let's go back and let him get some rest," he said.
	Hallie was anxious and angry, but now there was nothing she could do.
	She had to help Francis out of Bright's room.
	Rose stood up and said, "Let me see you off."
	Francis looked at Rose and sighed, "Rose, I was too worried about Bright just now, so I lost my temper and hit you. Don't blame me, do you?"
	Rose shook her head and said, "Dad, I understand how you feel. I don't blame you at all and you shouldn't take it to heart either. We're a family. There's no knot that can't be untied."
	"Yeah, we're a family." Francis glanced up at the door of Bright's room again. "Zoe... I know she is wrong, but as you said, we are always a family, so I hope you can persuade Bright to... You're the only one he'll listen to now."
	"Dad, don't say so. He loves you too. You are always his father." Rose also wanted to resolve the conflict between Bright and his father, "Dad, go back to rest. Take care of yourself."
	"Yes." Francis seemed to have aged a little after the incident and lost his former aura.
	"Let's go." Francis said to Hallie.
	Stefan nodded to Rose and followed his parents to leave.
	Rose called out to him, "Stefan, wait a minute."
	Stefan stopped and looked at Rose. "Rose, do you have something to say?"
	"Stefan, please take care of Dad and Ms. Hallie." Rose also felt bad when she saw Francis look so tired.
	"Don't worry, I will take care of them. Then we bother you take good care of Brother. Thank you." Stefan was always polite.
	"Stefan, as for Zoe..." Rose hadn't finished, and Stefan interrupted, "I know it is my sister's fault, and she deserves it. I don't blame you for doing this, but I hope you can understand us. After all, she's our family. We can't bear to see her end up like this. She is only twenty years old, and with a good education, she won't take the wrong path."
	"Stefan, if Zoe was as sensible as you are, this wouldn't happen, and her future would be promising. It's a pity she's not you..." Rose looked at Stefan, who was handsome. "Everyone should take the responsibility for their own mistakes and pay the price. This is growth, and you have to take it yourself."
	Stefan pursed his lips and nodded. This was life.
	Rose saw Stefan off before returning to the room and sitting in a chair by Bright's bed. "They have left," she said.
	"Quiet at last." Bright leaned over.
	"Get some rest. I'm here with you."
	Bright patted his bed. "If you want to be with me, sleep here."
	"We are in a hospital." Rose reminded him not to be presumptuous.
	"This is a VIP room. No one comes in." Bright took Rose's hand, "Half of my bed will be yours."
	"I'll sleep on the couch."
	"I haven't slept with you in my arms for ten days." That grieved look was in sharp contrast with the cold look just now.
	Looking at Bright's unsatisfied look, Rose thought that he was just like the wolf, and she was the rabbit, waiting to be eaten by him.
	"I will just hold you. Bright moved aside, leaving half the bed for Rose, "What do you think I can do when I am injured?"
	Rose looked at him doubtfully. She always thought she couldn't believe what Bright said.
	"What do you mean by that look?"
	In the end, Rose could not resist Bright's begging, and she was coaxed into bed.
	She was held in Bright's arms, and Bright closed his eyes and smelled her unique fragrance. That was the real feeling.
	Rose nestled in his arms, seeking a comfortable position and slept peacefully.
	The way they embraced each other showed that they were a loving couple.
	It was a pleasant night's sleep. All uneasiness and fear vanished, and even in dreams, they dreamed of each other living a happy live.
	Early in the morning, Rose went to pick up the porridge brought by her aunt. And she ran into May.
	"Rose, what are you doing in the hospital so early?" May looked her up and down with concern in her eyes. "Are you ill?"
	"No." Rose shook her head.
	"And...?" May asked.
	"It's Bright. He's hurt." As soon as Rose said so, May asked, "What's wrong with him? Is he sick? Does it matter?"
	She even grabbed Rose's arm in excitement and unconsciously made Rose feel painful.
	May was holding her so tightly that Rose wrung her eyebrows. "Ms. May, he's out of danger," she said, "He just needs to rest."
	May was relieved, and then realized that she had held Rose's arm too tight.
	She let go of her hand and apologized, "Rose, I'm sorry... I'm sorry, but I'm worried about him because he's your husband. You can only be happy when he's fine. I always want you to be happy because you're such a good woman..."
	"May, I know. Thank you." Rose smiled brightly, "Did you come to see the doctor?"
	She knew that May was not well and had been seeing the doctor regularly.
	"Well, for regular check," May said, "I've already made an appointment, so I'll go first. Take good care of your husband."
	Rose nodded and then went back to Bright's room.
	Bright was already awake, so Rose helped him wash and then brought the porridge to him. "Have some of the carp soup before you have the porridge," said Rose.
	Bright didn't take the bowl. He just opened his mouth like a child who couldn't take care of himself.
	She was speechless, and she scooped the soup and blew it before took it to his mouth. Bright drank it with great satisfaction.
	Everyone was afraid of Bright because they thought he was too cruel and ruthless, but no one knew that Bright was just like a child in front of Rose.
	It seemed like no one could control Bright as Rose did.
	After Rose and Bright had breakfast, the doctor asked Rose to go to the doctor's office.
	When she came back, she saw May holding a bunch of flowers and a basket of fruits standing in front of Bright's room. She looked around, hesitating, and then put down the flowers and the fruit before leaving, as if she did not want anyone to know that she had been there.
Chapter 324 He Has the Right to Decide His Life
	Rose didn't bother to talk to May, nor did she tell Bright about it.
	The next day, the third day ... Rose had seen May wander in front of Bright's ward.
	Rose intuited that there was something strange. So, on the third day, she couldn't hold back her curiosity and stopped May.
	"May, let's have a talk." Rose sincerely invited.
	May hesitated for a moment and then nodded, "Okay."
	Rose and May went to a coffee outside the hospital and sat down. They ordered a mocha coffee and a cappuccino.
	Rose gently stirred the coffee with a spoon, held it, and took a sip, "May, I'll be straight. You have sent flowers and fruits at the door of Bright's ward for the past three days. Have you guys known each other for a long time?"
	"No. I met him for the first time at the party last time. I came to see him for Sam. After all, they have contacts at work." May replied calmly and took a sip of her coffee after saying that.
	"May, if you came to see Bright for Sam, why didn't you come in, but put these things at the door and left quietly? If I hadn't seen you, I wouldn't have known you were here for Sam." Rose's analysis was spot on, "May, should I thank Sam?"
	May was hesitant as she grabbed the cup handle with one hand and stared at the smiling Rose.
	"Rose, don't worry, I will not hurt Bright."
	This was the only thing she could say right now.
	"May, is there anything you can't say to me?" Rose reached out and took her hand.
	"I have nothing to say." May withdrew her hand, "Rose, I just hope you and Bright to be happy forever."
	"May, thank you." It was beyond Rose's expectation that May would hurt others.
	"Then I will go now." May rose from the single sofa, "Just pretend I have never came over."
	Rose looked at May's back as she left, thinking that things were definitely not that simple.
	As Rose returned to Bright's ward, she saw Bright sitting in the couch, and there were several foreigners on his left.
	They were discussing something. Bright was talking to them in English easily.
	Although he was wearing a blue and white hospital uniform, it did not detract from his aura.
	Rose nodded to the foreigners. She did not want to disturb them and was going to the bathroom to wash the fruit.
	But Bright took Rose's hand while she was taking the fruit, and introduced to the foreigners, "This is my wife."
	He said this with a proud expression.
	"Mrs. Lee, nice to meet you." These men were polite.
	"Nice to meet you, guys." Rose lightly struggled, "You guys go on, and I'll go wash the fruit."
	"They are the brain specialists I invited to consult Grandpa. They will work with Dr. Gray's team. I believe Grandpa will be safe and sound." Bright had made an appointment to meet with these specialists a long time ago. He just didn't expect he would be injured and hospitalized.
	The sooner Grandpa's illness was treated, the better. So, although he was injured, Bright insisted on meeting with the specialists to discuss it.
	"But you haven't recovered." Rose felt that Bright was too worried. She was so lucky to have him.
	"In the evening, you can check if I recover." Bright approached and whispered in her ear.
	These flirtatious words made bashful Rose blush. Her face was as beautiful as the rosy clouds.
	Rose glared at Bright who did not behave himself in such an occasion. If it wasn't for their inability to understand what Bright was talking and Bright's charming voice, she would have been so embarrassed to dig a hole to bury herself.
	Rose broke away from his hand and took the fruit to the bathroom to wash it.
	"Mrs. Lee is so beautiful and nice."
	"Mrs. Lee and Mr. Lee are an affectionate couple."
	...
	Their praise satisfied Bright. Rose was his wife and he would be glad if others praised her.
	Rose washed the fruit and then quietly stayed there until they finished talking and the foreigners were escorted by Bill.
	Bright got up from the sofa and went to the round table where Rose was sitting by the window.
	"What are you thinking?" Bright raised her chin with his long fingers.
	"Are you done? Then you should get some rest." Rose pulled his hand down.
	"Grandpa's surgery is in a week." Bright took her hand and felt her body stiffen, "Are you worried about Grandpa?"
	"Of course I'm worried." Rose was indeed a little scared because she didn't think she could face losing Grandpa.
	"If Grandpa doesn't operate, his health will get worse and worse." Bright knew what she was worrying, "I respect your every decision. I'll be with you no matter what happens."
	"I was thinking of whether to tell Grandpa about his condition. After all, it's his business. He has the right to decide his life. But..." Rose paused, "If Grandpa doesn't agree to the surgery, I'm afraid he won't live long. But I selfishly want him to live longer...."
	"I know it's a difficult choice. But anyway, he does have the right to know everything about himself, and has the right to decide his life." Bright held Rose's shoulders, "Rose, be strong. Grandpa is over seventy years old. He has experienced a lot and will not be knocked down by such a small difficulty."
	Rose thought that Bright's words made sense.
	"If you can't say it, then I'll do it for you." He would go to any length for her.
	"Let's go together." Rose said.
	"OK."
	Having made this decision, Rose and Bright chose a right time to go to Wilfred's ward and tell him about his condition.
	Wilfred accepted it calmly after hearing about it and was not emotional.
	He just looked at Rose with red eyes and smiled, "Girl, don't be like this. Dying is as natural as living. I am at such an old age. Don't be too sad."
	"Grandpa..." Rose naturally could not let go of Wilfred.
	"Rose, don't blame Grandpa for being selfish. I know you are a nice girl. But I don't want to have this surgery at such an old age. If I cannot survive from the operating, then I won't even have time to say goodbye to you at last."
Chapter 325 Let's Have Another Baby
	Wilfred decided not to have the surgery and to let nature take its course.
	"Grandpa, you'll be fine." Rose comforted Wilfred as well as herself.
	Bright held her shoulders, silently supporting and comforting her.
	Wilfred also knew Rose was comforting him. But he was calm and wasn't sad and worried at all.
	"Rose, I am glad to see that you and Bright are together and have a happy family. Knowing that I have a lovely great-granddaughter, I feel satisfied. At my age, it does not matter and I feel no regrets."
	Wilfred's words made Rose's eyes even redder. She wanted to cry.
	"Rose, don't cry. I am really fine. Your Grandma has gone so many years. I have seen this world more than her. I've lived alone for so many years and want to go and stay with her. This time, I can do what I want to do."
	"Grandpa, but I am loath to part with you." Rose held Wilfred's hand.
	"Me too. But in life, give to get. So, Rose, don't be sad. I am fine. It's really good to have you guys with me. I just want to face everything happily and calmly. Rose, forgive me." Wilfred was open-minded and comforted Rose.
	Rose looked down and raised her hand to wipe away her tears.
	Wilfred's decision to forgo surgery meant that his health would get worse and worse. He might collapse at any time.
	Rose didn't want to face such a thing and the parting.
	"Grandpa, don't say that." Although Rose wanted Wilfred to accept the surgery to have a higher chance of survival, she also knew that Wilfred had his own ideas, "Grandpa, I am really loath to part with you. But since you have decided to do so, then I respect your decision."
	Rose endured the pain and struggle inside, and respected Wilfred's decision.
	"Good girl." Wilfred smiled happily and turned to Bright, extending his wrinkled hand.
	Bright put his hand out. Wilfred took Rose's hand and placed it in Bright's palm.
	"Bright, if I die, please take good care of Rose. I am very relieved to leave her to you. I just hope she can be happy forever."
	"Grandpa, making her happy forever is my goal in this life. Don't worry. As long as I am with her, I will never let her cry for sadness."
	Bright looked at Rose beside him, his eyes full of tenderness. Rose also looked at him.
	Although her lover was at her side and she was now very happy, she still did not want her relative die. It was really painful.
	Wilfred was relieved, "Bright, Rose is a kind-hearted girl. But she is also capricious sometimes. I hope you can tolerate her and never give up on her. She will be a good wife. Don't worry about that. I promise."
	"Grandpa, I believe in you. I believe in Rose's character and my vision." Bright grabbed Rose's fingers, "Grandpa, I know even if you do not say so."
	"That's good. Then I can set my mind at rest." Wilfred nodded and was relieved, "So when can I be discharged from the hospital? I want to go home and stay with your Grandma." "Grandpa, we have to ask the doctor about that."
	"Okay. Then you guys go ask the doctor. I don't want to stay in the hospital anymore. It's better to be at home. Let's go home..."
	Wilfred seemed a little tired and closed his eyes.
	Rose looked at Wilfred with red eyes. She didn't want to say anything else to worry Wilfred.
	"Grandpa, you get some rest." Bright helped Rose, who was biting her lip to hold back her tears, and quietly went out of the ward.
	Bright took Rose's shoulder and they walked for some time. Then, Rose could no longer hold back and turned into Bright's arms, beginning to cry.
	Bright let her cry and vent the upset and sadness by crying.
	Rose's tears stained Bright's clothes. There was a patch of water stain. But Rose, who had vented her emotions, was calmer now.
	When she looked up from Bright's arms, Bright could see that her eyes were a little red and swollen, which were seductive and charming.
	If this wasn't a hospital, Bright felt he couldn't resist throwing her onto the bed and torturing her severely.
	Bright held her face and gently wiped away the tears on her face with his fingertips, his tone gentle and doting, "Don't cry. Grandpa doesn't want to see you cry, and I don't want you to cry either. You look beautiful when you smile."
	"Since Grandpa has made this decision, we will respect him and let him have no regrets. Since Grandpa's days are numbered, we should spend the rest of the day with him with a smile at least. Let him remember your smile, so that he can be relieved."
	"We also have to do our best to fulfill all of Grandpa's wishes and let him have no regrets. That's what we should do now."
	"You are right. I'll listen to you." Since this was what Wilfred wanted, they should respect him. As long as Wilfred was happy, Rose was willing to do whatever she could do, "Then you invite those foreign experts for nothing, right?"
	"I don't think so. Although Grandpa won't be operated on, they can offer other plans to let Grandpa live longer and relieve his pain." Bright reached out and rubbed the bridge of her nose.
	"Bright, thank you for everything you've done for me and for Grandpa."
	"Do you want to repay me?" Bright raised his eyebrows slightly and came closer to Rose, "Then let's have another baby."
	"..." Rose widened her bright eyes in shock.
	Did he have to talk like that? Words failed Rose.
	"What do you think?" Bright pumped her.
	"Why do you want to have another child? Don't you like Doris? I think it is enough for us to have Doris." Rose had never considered to have another child. When Bright brought it up again and again, she had to answer.
	"Doris is too lonely. If we have another child, they can play and grow up together. When we're gone, they will be the closest people to each other in the world. They can help and support each other and won't be bullied, right? They also will not be alone because of our death. And there is another important reason..."
	"What is it?" Rose was curious.
Chapter 326 Dog-eat-dog
	Bright's eyes met Rose's expectant gaze. He put his hands on her shoulders, "The most important thing is that I wasn't around to take care of you when you were pregnant and gave birth to Doris. I wasn't involved in Doris' growth, leaving her without a father for so many years. I feel so sorry and guilty."
	"Doris' birth was an accident. As her parents, we owe it to her. I think we can have another child this time, who will be born in our expectation and love. I will be with you and watch him be born, and do what a husband and a father should do. I want to make up for the regret."
	"It was my fault to scheme against you back then. I let Doris lose too much and carry too much. So, I hope we can love her with all our hearts. If we have another child, then we'll have to give him a part of our love for Doris. Wouldn't that be unfair to Doris?"
	Rose didn't want to divide their love for Doris.
	"Why? They're both our children. We all love them." Bright stroked her soft hair, "The past is over. Don't blame yourself anymore."
	"But I'm afraid when Doris knows that we will have another child, she might think it's because she is not good, or we don't love her anymore. I don't want her to think that way." Rose was torn.
	"We'll tell her the situation and tell her that Mommy and Daddy love her no matter what. I also don't want her to be hurt anyway." Bright thought Rose was worrying too much, "Then let's ask Doris if she wants a brother or sister. If she does, we'll listen to her."
	Rose could no longer find a reason to refuse and escape, "Let's talk about it later."
	"Mrs. Lee, you're so evasive." Bright stopped pushing her hard and let nature take its course.
	Bright and Wilfred were discharged from the hospital together and returned to Asgard Lake Community.
	Rose stayed with Wilfred, while Bright and Bill went upstairs and into the study.
	"How's it going with Timothy?" Bright sat on the couch.
	"Mr. Bright, Timothy still hasn't disclosed that Sophie is behind the scenes." Bill stood quietly there, looking down in fear.
	Bright narrowed his eyes slightly and snorted, "He's really stubborn."
	"So what should we do now?" Bill was waiting for Bright's instructions.
	"Tell me about Sophie's latest situation." Bright had just reached for the kettle when Bill had picked it up and poured water for him first.
	He picked up the glass of water and respectfully handed it to Bright. Bright took a sip and looked at him.
	"Mr. Bright, Sophie is not only intact, but also has been taken to his place by Sky. Sky comes home on time from work every day, while Sophie is at home. They seem to have made up." Bill reported the situation briefly, but had doubts inside.
	"I can't understand what Sky is thinking. It is well-known that Sophie has cuckolded him. He has chosen to divorce and kicked Sophie out of the Tanner family. Why did he take her back now? it is still unsure whether the child in Sophie's belly is his. What has Sophie done to him?"
	"There must be a reason for that, but it's definitely not what you're talking about."
	"I don't think it's possible either. What can make Sky accept Sophie again and protect her? Ms. Nora has taught Sophie a lesson for Ms. Rose before. Isn't Sky also infatuated with Ms. Rose and is your biggest rival in love…" Bill felt the glare from Bright and stopped.
	Bright looked at him coldly, "Does he deserve to be my rival? Don't think that since he told me Rose was in danger this time, I can tolerate him protecting Sophie. I'd like to see how long he can protect Sophie."
	"So should we do something?" Bill asked.
	"No. I already have a good candidate." Bright smiled and already had the plan.
	"Mr. Bright, we can't get Sophie convicted now. But we can make Timothy stay in jail forever." Bill suggested, "If you have no other opinion, then I will do this as soon as possible. We definitely cannot let him go easily."
	"No. The person I'm talking about to deal with Sophie is Timothy." Bright rubbed the handle of his cup and had his plan.
	"Timothy?" Bill thought he had heard wrong. "He was even unwilling to disclose Sophie. How could he listen to us to deal with Sophie? Mr. Bright, it is too good for Timothy to let him go easily. Please let me deal with Timothy. We have other ways to make Sophie punished."
	"Are you questioning my decision?"
	"Absolutely not. I just think this is a great opportunity. The evidence is certain. If we let Timothy go..."
	"Let him go? That's not my style. It's too good for him if we keep him in jail. I'll make them dog-eat-dog. That will be wonderful, right?" Bright seemed to have watched the good show.
	"Mr. Bright, you intend to use Timothy to deal with Sophie. This is great indeed." Bill was just a little worried, "But Timothy is so obedient to Sophie... I am afraid he won't do as we ask."
	"Timothy refuses to disclose Sophie because he loves her and even the child in Sophie's belly is his. So, he chose to bear all the charges himself to keep Sophie out of jail, so that she can give birth to the child. He thinks that when he is released from prison later, he will have a child who calls him father. But if it was Sophie who broke all his dreams, what do you think he would do?"
	"When a man suffers betrayal and is in despair and has nothing, do you think he will not avenge himself?"
	Bright's eyes gradually became harsh and stern, "So, I will let Timothy go first. Then, I will let him see with his own eyes the happy life of Sophie and Sky and let him know that Sophie cheated him and betrayed him. Then, we'll add fuel. I'm sure they'll implode."
	"In this way, we don't have to think of other ways and use other people. Isn't it good?"
	"Mr. Bright is wise. The love-hate relationship between them will be solved by them." Bill admired this way Bright said.
	"Then let's do that. Release Timothy as soon as possible. The good show is just beginning." Bright chuckled, as if everything was in his clutches.
Chapter 327 Having Another Child Is More Important
	Since Bright was injured and hospitalized, a lot of work had piled up. So, he had been a bit busy these days.
	Rose felt distressed. She could only silently do her own things, learn to cook and make soup, and tried to be a good wife.
	Today, she made nutritious soup, which was good for health. Both men and women could drink it. It could improve the immune system and strengthen muscles and bones. So, she made it for the family.
	Rose sent the soup to Wilfred, talked with him for a while, and then helped him go to bed.
	Then, she took a bowl of the warm soup to the study.
	She knocked on the door. After hearing Bright said "come in", she pushed the door in and put the soup on his desk.
	"Take a break and have some soup." Rose picked up the bowl of soup and handed it to him.
	"I'll finish reading the file first." Bright looked up at her and looked down again, "Just put it there."
	"The work is endless. Your health is more important." Rose didn't want him to work with an injury. After all, he was injured for her.
	"Okay, as you wish." Bright closed the file and did not want Rose to worry and blame herself.
	Rose curled her lips and smiled sweetly, handing the bowl over again, smiling like a happy child.
	Bright took the bowl in her hand and pulled her over so that she could sit on his legs.
	This intimate position was too ambiguous. Rose felt that they were so close and she could smell his scent, which was unique and charming.
	Bright lifted the bowl and handed it to her, "Thank you, Mrs. Lee."
	Rose knew that he wanted her to feed him. She took the bowl and fed him, just like she had done in the hospital, until he finished the soup.
	Bright was also satisfied with his drink. Rose took a tissue and gently wiped the soup stains from the corners of his lips.
	"I have a little work to do. You go to sleep first."
	"Okay. I'd better let you work. But you have to go to bed at 10:30. That's my bottom line." Rose said the same thing, "The work is endless."
	"I know. " Bright kissed her.
	Rose blushed slightly, got up, and left the study.
	She went back to her bedroom, washed and bathed, dried her long hair, and then lay down on her bed. She took her cell phone and played games for a while.
	Soon, she felt sleepy and fell asleep with the phone in her hand.
	When Bright returned to the bedroom, it was almost twelve o'clock. He gingerly went to the bathroom and then came over in his black silk robe. He looked at Rose's sleeping face under the warm light of the lamp on the bedside table. Her eyelashes were thick and curling and her skin was delicate and white.
	Seeing that she still held her phone, Bright took it away and saw a message on the phone screen from Nora.
	Nora: Rose, I have sent you several messages. Why haven't you replied? Tomorrow, Jayden invited us to dinner. Are you coming or not?
	Bright was just about to put it down when the phone rang. He hesitated and then answered it. Nora said over there, "Rose, you're taking love more seriously than friendship. You don't even reply messages. I had no choice but to call…"
	"Ms Nora, it's me, Bright," Bright could only interrupt her gushing, "Rose is…"
	"Mr. Bright ... I am really sorry to disturb you late at night ... Excuse me... " Nora almost bit off her tongue and hung up the phone in a hurry.
	Bright looked at the hang-up call and frowned. Was he that scary?
	Why was Nora, who was always not afraid of anything, so timid in front of him?
	Bright chuckled and put the phone on the bedside table.
	Bright went to the bed. Looking at Rose who was tired during this time, he also felt distressed.
	As soon as he got into bed, Rose rolled over and approached Bright, and then hugged him tightly.
	"Honey..." Rose softly moaned.
	Bright wrapped his arms around her. Looking at the red lips and white neck of Rose, his Adam's apple moved. Then, he lowered his head and kissed her as if he was bewitched.
	Rose felt his hot lips. She slightly suffocated. When she opened her eyes, what she saw was Bright's handsome face. His eyes were so deep and attractive.
	Rose reached out and pushed his chest. But Bright held the back of her head with one hand and held her waist tightly with the other, not allowing her to escape and refuse.
	He deepened the kiss eagerly. Rose was unable to resist his strength and his passion. She gradually softened in his arms.
	He turned over and entwined his fingers with hers. He kissed on her collarbone... They were excited and spent a good night.
	Then Rose fell asleep again in Bright's arms.
	When Rose woke up, the man beside her had already disappeared. She felt like her body had been crushed. Then, she remembered how lustful Bright was last night, which made her shyly cover her face and curse this bad man inside.
	She looked at her phone and saw that it was already 9:30 a.m. She instantly sobered up, hurriedly put on her nightgown, got out of bed and ran straight to the bathroom.
	When she tidied up and came downstairs, she saw Talia cleaning. Talia heard the movement and looked up, "Madam, good morning."
	"Where are Bright and Doris?" Rose slowly came downstairs holding the handrail.
	"Mr. Bright went to work and sent Doris to school. Mr. Bright also asked me not to disturb you, so that you can rest." Talia remembered Bright's instructions, "Breakfast is in the kitchen. I'll bring it out to you."
	Rose went to the dining room and Talia brought the breakfast over. Today, there was milk, eggs, and porridge, as well as some dishes, which was delicious and tasty.
	"Where's my Grandpa?" Rose took a sip of milk.
	"Mr. Wilfred has gone for a walk in the garden. He said for you not to worry about him." Talia pursed her lips and smiled lightly, "Mr. Wilfred said it was more important for Mr. Bright and you to have another child."
	Rose choked and blushed, "How could Grandpa say this?"
	"Mr. Wilfred is clear." Talia patted Rose's back and said, "In fact, it is reasonable that Mr. Wilfred wants to have one more great-grandchild. Old people like to have many grandchildren. Only you and Mr. Bright can fulfill his wish."
	Rose just sighed inside. If this was Grandpa's wish, then should she fulfill it for him?
	But what she wished more was that Grandpa could live a long life.
Chapter 328 She Is His Fiancée
	Rose sent a message to Bright after breakfast: Why didn't you wake me up this morning?
	Bright replied quickly: You were too tired last night. So, I want to let you have a day off to rest.
	Rose couldn't help blushing when she thought about what happened last night.
	She replied: Anyway, I am not the one who worked hard last night.
	Bright chuckled and typed on the screen quickly when he looked at the message: Come on, Mrs. Lee. Today, I am invited to dinner and cannot get away. You do not have to worry about me today. Just go shopping and have dinner with Ms. Nora.
	Then, he replied again: I have talked to Grandpa about this. He also thinks you should rest. I will arrange everything else. Just rest and relax without worrying.
	Looking at these words, Rose felt warm and replied: OK.
	She didn't want to worry Bright and decided to listen to him.
	After lunch, Rose made the soup and told Talia something. Then, she changed her clothes and put on a light makeup before going out.
	Nora came to pick her up and they went to the restaurant Jayden had ordered.
	Nora was a regular customer. So, the waiter knew her and took her to the private room Jayden had booked. Jayden had already been there. Except for Nora and Rose, he had also invited his other friends.
	Jayden saw Nora and Rose and got up to welcome them, "Nora, Rose, you're finally here."
	"How can we not come to your birthday party?" Nora handed him a gift, "This is for you. Jayden, happy birthday."
	"Jayden, happy birthday." Rose also handed him a gift.
	"Since you guys are so kind to give me the gift, I will accept it." Jayden pulled away the two chairs gentlemanly, "Please take a seat, pretty ladies."
	Nora pulled Rose over and sat down. Jayden said to a few friends sitting on the sofa, "You guys also take your seats."
	Jayden sat on Nora's right. His friends also took their seats one by one. There were exactly twelve people at a table.
	Some people took their lovers, and the others were single.
	Some of these people were known by Nora and Rose. There were some people they just felt familiar, but could not name them.
	But all the people here knew Nora. There were even her former suitors.
	Rose also knew some. She lightly pulled Nora, "There are so many men who had chased you ... Is this a party for your suitors? ... What does Jayden want to do?"
	Nora was not embarrassed at all. She calmly picked up a glass of water to drink, "They are now either married or have a girlfriend. These things are over."
	The ordered dishes were offered after Jayden let the waiter serve the food. The waiter poured the red wine to those present.
	Jayden raised his glass and stood up, "We seldom get together. Let's have a toast first."
	The crowd clinked glasses and then drank.
	They had just finished toasting when someone pushed open the door of the box, "...Jayden, I'm coming."
	The clear voice drew everyone's attention. At the door of the room stood a young girl with long hair. She looked pure and lovely. She was like a white daisy on the green field, elegant and charming.
	"Who is she?" Nora asked Jayden.
	Jayden put down his glass, "Come in."
	The young girl walked over. Seeing so many people in the box, she was a little nervous, but not timid.
	"Jayden, you go to seduce the innocent girl again?" Someone snickered.
	"Come on. Do I need to seduce anyone?" Jayden glared at that man, then reached out and held the girl's waist, "Introduce yourself."
	"Hello, I'm Sia from the Rees family," Sia said with a light smile, "and Jayden's fiancée."
	There was silence in the box. Everyone was shocked.
	"Jayden, when did you get engaged? How come we have never heard about it?"
	"Aren't there only men in the Rees family? How could they have a lady?"
	"Jayden, two happy events come at the same time. Congratulations."
	"Jayden, no wonder you're inviting us to dinner. It's good news. We must have a drink today!"
	...
	Sia presented the gift behind her back, her eyes shining, "Jayden, happy birthday. I didn't know what you'd like. So, I made it myself. I think it is meaningful."
	Jayden looked at the gift in her hand in disgust. He took it and casually put it on the table, "Since you are my fiancée, I'm afraid this gift is not good enough."
	"Then ... what do you want? I'll go get it for you." Sia purely looked at the evil Jayden.
	Jayden clasped her waist more tightly and approached her, "What do you think? I am not short of anything or anyone..."
	"Then what are you short of?" she asked.
	"Your passion." Jayden cupped her tiny chin with one hand, his hot breath brushing against her face.
	Sia was a little flustered and flushed crimson.
	She tried to distance herself from Jayden, but couldn't move because of his large palm.
	"Jayden ... can you let go of me?" Sia bit her lips, which were soft and as beautiful as flowers.
	Jayden not only did not let her go, but also pulled her closer to himself. He lowered his head and kissed her tempting lips without scruple in front of everyone. His stridency made Sia, who was innocent and pure, completely unable to bear. Soon, she lost her breath because of the kiss.
	Jayden finally let her go and Sia could breathe fresh air again. She took a deep breath.
	At the same time, she felt her lips swelling and painful, her tongue tingling.
	Jayden smiled wickedly and touched his thin lips with long fingers. It really annoyed others.
	But Sia couldn't be angry with him. She could only blame herself for being too gutless.
	"I accept your gift. You can leave now." Jayden sat in his seat again as if nothing had happened.
	Sia, however, froze in place with a white face, looking at the bad Jayden incredulously.
	"Jayden ... " She mumbled.
	She could still feel the passion of Jayden who had just kissed her. But why was he so cold at this moment?
	"My friends and I are getting together for dinner. So, I don't have time to receive you." Jayden raised his glass and drank half of it himself.
Chapter 329 She Has Liked Him for a Long Time
	When Rose saw this, although she was not sure what happened between them, as a woman, she sympathized with Sia. Besides, she did not want Jayden to become someone she did not like. After all, he was her friend.
	"Jayden, since Sia is your fiancée, why don't you invite her to join us to celebrate your birthday?" Rose got up and pulled Sia, "Sia, sit here."
	Rose pointed to Nora's seat, which was next to Jayden.
	Nora got up and was going to give up her seat to Sia. But Jayden took Nora's wrist, "Why do you get up and give up your seat?"
	"Jayden, Sia is your fiancée. She should sit next to you." Nora broke Jayden's hand, "Bullying a woman is not what a man should do. Jayden, don't make me look down on you!"
	Jayden frowned and looked at Nora and Rose with suspicion in his eyes.
	"Are you guys my friends? Why are you speaking up for her?" Jayden chuckled.
	"You are our friend. Sia is your fiancée. So, she naturally is our friend." Rose helped Sia and pressed her down to Nora's seat, "Jayden, today is your birthday. Be happy."
	Jayden was annoyed and flicked his hair with fingers, drinking the glass of red wine in one gulp.
	"Since everyone is here, I'll be honest. This engagement is not my intention. So, I don't even recognize Sia as my fiancée, only my family does. My marriage was decided so hastily. I can't refuse. But that doesn't mean I am willing."
	"So Sia, don't bother trying to impress me. Getting engaged to you is my bottom line. It's impossible for me to marry you! Don't dream about it."
	"I, Jayden, will only marry the girl I like. Even if she hasn't shown up, you can never be my wife."
	"What's more, the Rees family picked you up from the countryside to let you marry me. They are just using you. Why don't you find someone you like to marry? Do you have no feelings or no opinion?"
	Jayden said, smashed Sia's gift on the floor. The gift box was broken.
	Sia got up, walked over, and picked up the broken box and gift.
	She stood still for two seconds before turning around. She looked at Jayden with tears in her eyes. But she was strong and suppressed her emotions to keep herself from crying out.
	She kept smiling and spoke softly, "Jayden, you are the one I ... like."
	After saying that, she turned and ran away without looking back at Jayden.
	"What did she say?"
	"Jayden, she said she likes you."
	Jayden snorted with disdain, "I've only met her three times. She likes me? Then she is so superficial..."
	"Jayden, how do you feel while being confessed by a pure girl?"
	"Too many girls have confessed to me. I've been unmoved." From childhood to adulthood, many people had confessed to Jayden. So, he had been used to it.
	"Jayden, you're so bad. The girls who like you are so miserable."
	"How can you say that? It's their honor to like me. It means that they have taste."
	Rose interrupted them, "Jayden, Sia ran away. Don't you go after her?"
	"Jayden, Sia is your fiancée anyway. You should be a gentleman even if you do not like her. She ran out alone. It's already late and is not safe," Nora also said.
	"If you want to go, you guys go. I'm not going." Jayden was really upset about the engagement.
	Rose picked up her phone and turned to leave, "As your friend, I am obliged to take care of your fiancée for you. Jayden, just have a good time."
	Rose sympathized with Sia. She remembered that she was once hurt by someone she liked. That feeling was really bad.
	Nora reached out and punched Jayden's shoulder, "Jayden, you've gone too far this time. She can't stop the engagement. There's nothing you can do. What can she do? Even if you don't like her, don't vent your anger on her. It's unfair. Because she's innocent too."
	"Jayden, I understand your pain. If you guys really aren't suitable, there is always a way to deal with it. Think about it and deal with it."
	Nora spoke seriously, "I'll go see Rose."
	"You can't go anywhere today. Drink with me." Jayden pulled her back, "Or you are not my friend."
	"But Rose is alone..."
	"It is okay. Someone has to be left to keep me company, right?" Jayden poured the wine, raised his glass, and drank it all.
	Seeing Jayden like this, Nora did not leave, but stayed with him.
	She sent a message to Rose, saying that she was here with Jayden and asked Rose to take care.
	Rose caught up with Sia in front of the restaurant and also received the message from Nora. She replied that she caught up with Sia and was going to send her back.
	"I'm Rose Linder, Jayden's friend. You can call me Rose. Can I call you Sia?" Rose introduced herself first.
	Sia nodded, held the birthday present for Jayden, and kept smiling, "Hey, Ms. Rose."
	"Hey." Rose took a taxi, "I'll send you home first."
	Sia shook her head, "Don't bother, Ms. Rose. It's his birthday. You go with him. I'm fine."
	"Sia, Jayden is the youngest in his family. He had many elder sisters and is spoiled. But he is not bad." Rose put in a good word for Jayden, "Since he was a child, there is nothing he can't get, and no one can force him to do what he doesn't want to do. You were forced to get engaged, just like he was. So, it's hard for him to accept it."
	"Sia, I hope you can give him more time to get used to it. I know you're a good girl. I'm sure you can understand him. It's true that Jayden did something wrong today. As friend, I apologize to you on his behalf."
	"Ms. Rose, no need. I won't blame him. I know I'm just a village girl from the countryside. I... am not worthy of him or liking him. But I really like him..."
	"Don't say this. I believe that you like him. Your eyes cannot lie." Rose took her hand, "But it will be hard to get his love in return. I can see that he's not willing to get married right now. It's harder for those who fall in love first."
	"I didn't think about anything else. I just wanted to like someone." Sia looked at Rose, "Ms. Rose, I didn't fall in love with him at first sight. I have liked him for a long time."
Chapter 330 It's Hard to Like Someone
	Sia's eyes were bright and sincere. She was not lying.
	When Rose looked into her eyes, she believed what Sia said without question.
	"Sia, it is Jayden's honor that you can like him. But Jayden has his own opinion about love... So, it will be hard if you like him." Rose did not want Sia to be hurt.
	From Jayden's behavior and reaction today, it seemed that he was not happy with such a family union. He did not treat Sia well and even humiliated her in front of so many friends of his, which really embarrassed Sia.
	A girl was so humiliated by someone she liked in public. How much endurance did it take for her to face it calmly without blaming him at all?
	Sia was a good girl. But Rose was not sure whether she could be with Jayden or not.
	"I know. I'm ready for this." Sia seemed to have accepted it all, "I don't blame him at all. It is indeed difficult for anyone to be arranged to be with someone they don't like, or even to be a couple."
	"Even though it was arranged by my family, there was a little my selfishness. I wanted to be closer to him. As Jayden's fiancée, I can stay with him in name, like him, and care for him."
	"Ms. Rose, I'm really fine. It's never easy to like someone. It's just my business, not his."
	"I also set a time limit for myself. If he doesn't like me in this year, I will break my engagement with him and let him do what he likes to do freely."
	Sia was a clever girl who already knew what she was going to do and was ready for it.
	"Now that you've said that, I can only bless you. I hope Jayden can fall in love with you and you two will be together." Rose didn't know what to say anymore except her blessing.
	Sia's stubbornness reminded Rose that she had once been reckless for love. But she was finally hurt badly.
	Now, Rose figured out that everything in the world has its own fate.
	Although she had lost a lot in the past, she gained more now. She was very satisfied and felt lucky.
	It was Bright who let her regain her faith in and ability to love, and gave her a happy marriage.
	"Thank you, Ms. Rose," Sia smiled and thanked, "I just have one small request. I hope you won't tell Jayden about our conversation today."
	"Okay, I promise." Whatever the reason was for the request, Rose promised, "Come on."
	"OK." Sia seemed confident on the surface, but was unsure inside.
	Love was not something she could get it just by cheering. It was the most variable things. People could not see through it in their lives.
	All she could do was to do herself.
	"I'll send you home, then." Rose walked to the road and reached out to stop the car.
	Sia followed her, "Ms. Rose, no need. I can go home by myself. It's Jayden's birthday. You're his friend. Please go back and stay with him."
	"It's okay. There are many friends there to keep him company. I'm not the only one. It won't take much time for me to return after sending you home. Don't be so polite with me." Rose thought it was okay to have Nora with Jayden. Anyway, she was not a good drinker. She could also get out to get some air.
	As Rose stopped the car, a black Audi Q8 stopped slowly in front of Rose and Sia.
	Rose pulled Sia back a step to give the car some space. Unexpectedly, the window was rolled down and a face that Rose looked somewhat familiar appeared.
	"Rose," the man in the car said to Rose.
	Rose looked at the man in the car, trying to remember who he was. Seeing this, the man introduced himself, "Rose, you do not remember me? I'm Thomas Simpson, Jayden's friend and classmate. We met just now in the box."
	After he said that, Rose remembered and was a little embarrassed, "Sorry. It is dark here. I didn't see you clearly for a while. Excuse me."
	"Rose, don't mention it. Where are you going? I will give you a ride." Thomas asked.
	"I'll take Sia back. Thank you. But we'll take a taxi. You don't have to send us." Rose refused.
	"It's hard to take a taxi at this time. You are Jayden's good friend and Sia is Jayden's fiancée. It's my duty to give you a ride." Thomas was enthusiastic.
	Sia said, "Thomas, thank you. But there is really no need."
	Thomas pushed open the car door and got off, went around the car, and came to Rose. Then, he gently pulled open the door of the back seat, "Come on. Get in the car. I won't hurt you."
	His joking tone made them feel relaxed.
	Rose and Sia looked at each other. After all, Thomas was so active and enthusiastic to get out of the car and open the door, it would be too much if they refused again. So, they got into the car.
	"Then thank you, Thomas." Rose and Sia thanked him after they got into the car.
	"Nothing. It's my honor to give two ladies a ride." Thomas happily closed the car door and got in the car.
	He drove away from the entrance of the restaurant and merged into the traffic.
	"Where does Sia live?" Thomas looked at the two women through the rearview mirror.
	"Springhill Villa," Sia said.
	"OK." Thomas didn't ask more questions and drove seriously.
	Inside the car, Rose and Sia chatted, "Jayden and Nora bought a house in the same neighborhood for the convenience of visiting. So, you can go talk to her when you are free. You can also go shopping or have a tea with her."
	"Ms Nora seems to be a woman with high quality and exquisite life." Sia felt that only Rose and Nora were friendly to her in the box, "I should learn from her."
	"You don't have to learn from her. Just be yourself." Rose didn't want Sia to change herself, because everyone has their own advantages.
	Sia felt that Rose was a warm-hearted girl who made her not feel lonely in this strange city.
	As they chatted, they soon arrived at Springhill Villa.
	Thomas had been to Jayden's villa in Springhill Villa before. So, he was familiar with it and parked the car on the parking lot not far from Jayden's villa.
	He got off the car to open the door for the two ladies.
Chapter 331 Does He Like You?
	Rose and Sia got out of the car. Thomas accompanied them to the door of Jayden's villa.
	Sia thanked Thomas once again, "Thank you, Thomas."
	"Don't mention it, Sia. We are friends from now on. Don't be so polite." Thomas was thanked all the way and was a bit embarrassed now.
	"Thomas, you go back first. I'll send her in." Rose did not want to delay Thomas's time any longer.
	"Today is Jayden's birthday and I have nothing else to do. You send her in and I'll wait for you here. Then, we can go back to the restaurant together." Thomas stood there straight, his face handsome under the warm light.
	"I have arrived at the door. Ms. Rose, you don't need to see me off. You and Thomas should go back to celebrate Jayden's birthday for him. He will be sorry for not having you guys there." Sia pushed Rose to Thomas, "Don't worry. Go ahead."
	Rose took her hand, "Then we're going."
	"OK." Sia raised her hand to wave with Rose and Thomas.
	Rose and Thomas said goodbye to her and then turned to leave. They walked for a few minutes to Thomas's car. Rose was wearing high heels, did not step steady, and almost fell down. Thomas was eagle-eyed and quickly stepped forward to hold Rose.
	Rose immediately backed away from Thomas and kept a distance from him after standing up.
	"Thanks."
	"You are welcome." Thomas looked at Rose, froze for a second and shook his head, and then pulled open the car door, "Get in. Please be careful."
	Rose got into the car. Thomas lightly closed the door. He looked at Rose through the window glass for one more second before smiling and getting into the car to drive away.
	At the same time, the person standing behind a lush tree slowly walked out. He looked at the distant car, took out the phone in his pocket, and clicked on his photo album, which just recorded the picture of Thomas hugging Rose.
	Rose and Thomas did not know it at all. After all, they did not notice that there were other people at that time and the light was not bright.
	Thomas drove out of Springhill Villa and headed for the restaurant. After driving for a while, Thomas spoke, "Rose, do you remember when Jayden took you and Nora to play with us when we were studying?"
	"Jayden used to have a birthday party every year on his birthday. Jayden and I were classmates in high school and became good friends. Then, I got to know you guys. At that time, you and Nora were still young girls. But now, you've grown up to be a goddess that everyone likes." Thomas said about the past, trying to evoke Rose's memories.
	"I was very impressed with you and Nora at that time. One of you was quiet and the other was dynamic. One was passionate and the other was elegant. It's hard for others not to notice you guys. You must not have been impressed with me."
	"No. I still have some impression." Rose actually didn't have much impression on Thomas. But she had to spare his feelings and couldn't speak too directly. It would make her look silly.
	"Then I'm really honored." Thomas looked very happy, "I went abroad when I was in college, and then stayed abroad for six years before returning. But I haven't seen you since. I heard from Jayden that you went to work in another city."
	"Yes." Rose nodded.
	"So are you back to City H now? Where are you working? How is the job? Are you tired?" Thomas asked several questions.
	"Now I am back to City H. As for the job, I just quit not long ago and want to rest for a while." Rose said simply.
	"It's good to take a break. If you need to find a job then, I can introduce some companies to you, which all can offer good benefits." Thomas was very enthusiastic.
	"Then thank you in advance." Rose said. In fact, she was not sure when she could work.
	She was really uncomfortable when she just quit her job. Now, although it had been a while, she still thought that it was better to work than being a full-time wife. So, she wanted to work again. After all, design was her favorite job and her interest. She could find her value and sense of existence on it.
	But now, it was more important to take care of Grandpa. There were many opportunities to work.
	Thomas wanted to say something when his phone rang. he clicked the car phone to connect. Someone said, "Thomas, where did you go? Were you stuck in the toilet? We have now changed places and are waiting for you at the Clond Club. Hurry to come here. Today is Jayden's birthday. You have to drink the wine you just did not drink, otherwise you cannot go."
	"I'll be right there. Wait for me." Thomas responded overbearingly, "Stay or get drunk!"
	After hanging up, Thomas said to Rose, "Let's go straight to Clond Club."
	Rose responded and received a call from Nora, "Rose, is Sia okay?"
	"Yes, I've sent her home." Rose answered the phone, her profile perfect, "She's staying at Jayden's place. You guys can make a date."
	"That's fine." Nora added, "We've gone to the Clond Club. Come over, and I'll wait for you."
	"Okay." Rose gently said, "But don't drink too much, or I can't take you home."
	"Don't worry. With Jayden around, I can go back as long as he can." This was the advantage of Nora and Jayden living in a neighborhood, "Hurry to come here."
	Rose knew that Nora was someone who would not go home until she had a whale of a good time.
	Rose looked at the time. It was nine o'clock and was not too late. They could still play for a while.
	Thomas drove the car to the Clond Club, got out and left the car to the parking attendant. He and Rose went upstairs. He was afraid Rose would fall. So, he reached out and held her back.
	When they arrived at the club, Rose went to the private room Nora had mentioned.
	Thomas followed behind her, reached out and pushed open the door before Rose. The large box became quiet because of their presence.
	A man pulled Thomas over and cheered, "Three drinks for you!"
	At the same time, Nora saw Rose and hurried to get up to greet her, pulling her over, "Didn't you go to send Sia home? Why are you with Thomas?"
	"Sia and I were taking a taxi outside. He happened to drive over and offered to drop us off." Rose briefly told her what had happened.
	Nora frowned and looked at Rose carefully until Rose was a little awkward. She reached out and patted Nora, "What's wrong?"
	"Don't you think he likes you?" Nora lowered her voice and smiling meaningfully.
Chapter 332 Who Makes Jayden Lose His Virginity?
	Nora's question made Rose a little confused for a while, "..."
	Rose just happened to pick up her glass of wine and instinctively glanced in the direction of Thomas, who was being punished by his best friend and smiled brightly.
	Rose withdrew her gaze and took a sip, "Nora, you're thinking too much. How is it possible?"
	"Of course it is possible." Nora sat elegantly and leaned against the back of the sofa, holding a glass of wine and gently shaking it.
	"In the past, although he and I knew each other, we were just friends and could play together. He said he went abroad for 6 years. I also left City H for many years. We have not been in contact. Until today, we met at Jayden's birthday party. We met by chance just now. Don't think too much about it. I think he is just warm-hearted."
	Rose elaborated on the reasons for the impossibility of their relationship.
	"By chance? How can there be so many coincidences in this world?" Nora smiled and seemed to see through everything, "After you and Sia went out, Thomas said he wanted to go to the toilet after a while. Then, he went for a long time, and then came back with you. So, he just made an excuse to go out and drive you guys. Sia is already Jayden's fiancée. He can't have any idea to her. So, she can only do it for you."
	"Besides, you guys haven't seen each other for so many years doesn't mean that he doesn't like you. Rose, you have to know that when we were in school, there were a lot of boys who liked us, both in school and in this circle."
	"Those were the guys who were after you, not me. There were also people who asked me to help forward love letters to you."
	"Those people did not openly chase you because you only loved Sky at that time. Anyone who dared to approach you would be taught a lesson by Sky. He let others know that you belonged to him. So, those people did not dare to openly chase you, but put you in their hearts."
	"Besides, does Thomas know about your marriage?"
	Rose shook her head, "No. I do not have to tell him about this. That will be very strange."
	"Not only does Thomas not know, I think that except for me and Jayden, the other people probably don't know about your marriage." Nora raised her cup to her red lips, sipped the wine and chuckled, "They haven't seen the power of Mr. Bright. So, they dare to hit on you."
	"You speak as if Bright is as scary as a tiger." Rose disagreed with Nora's comment about Bright.
	"I don't know if he's a tiger or not. After all, I'm not the one sleeping in the same bed with him, and I'm not the one having a baby with him either..." Nora's joke made Rose embarrassed.
	Rose blushed. Fortunately, the light was not bright in the box. So, it was not visible and covered up Rose's embarrassment.
	"Nora..."
	"It seems that Mr. Bright is really strong as a tiger. Otherwise, our Rose wouldn't be in a hurry." Nora winked at Rose mischievously.
	Rose was really speechless. She could only pick up the wine and poured wine to Nora's empty glass, "Let's go together to have a drink with Jayden. I haven't had a drink with him since I left earlier."
	"I've already had a drink with him. You go yourself." Nora wasn't going.
	"Come on." Rose pulled Nora up and they headed over to Jayden together.
	Jayden was having fun with his friends playing a game of Truth or Dare.
	"Jayden, happy birthday." Rose raised her glass to Jayden.
	Jayden raised his glass and clinked it with Rose, and Nora accompanied them.
	"Jayden, I have to say something. Sia is a good girl. Even if you don't like her, don't hurt her." Rose whispered to Jayden.
	"Rose, today is my birthday. Let's not talk about that." Jayden avoided the topic.
	"Rose, Nora, come to join us. It's more fun with more people." The others invited them.
	"No, we'll chat and have a drink."
	"Come on. Let's have a good time on Jayden's birthday."
	"Is Ms. Nora afraid? That's not Ms. Nora's style, is it?"
	Nora had never been afraid of anything, except the people and things that were hidden in her heart.
	She sat down proudly, "Afraid of you guys? You are too confident."
	"Nora..." Rose pulled her, but was pulled down by Nora, "I'm here."
	Rose sat next to Nora and the game began.
	There were many people. So, they drew cards. The one who drew the joker had to choose between truth or dare.
	Nora was the one who drew the joker in this round. But she was very calm.
	"Ms. Nora, Truth or Dare?"
	Nora did not say anything, picked up her glass, and drank it all.
	"Go on."
	In another round, it was Jayden's turn. He chose Dare.
	"Jayden, are you still a virgin?"
	When this question came out, the crowd laughed and gloated. After all, it was a very sharp question.
	Jayden's face was horribly gloomy and he gritted his teeth, "No."
	"Jayden is always clean and proud. Who took your virginity?"
	"It's none of your business." Jayden refused to answer.
	Then the game went on. Jayden just chose to drink and did not choose Dare again.
	Then it was Thomas's turn. He drew the joker for the second time. before Rose and Nora joined in, he had answered the first question about whether he had someone he liked.
	He answered yes. The second question was whether the person he liked was among them.
	Thomas did not evade, but boldly admitted, "Yes."
	His gaze swept over the people opposite him intentionally.
	"Hey, Thomas, you have a deep heart."
	"Let me count the number of beautiful single women we have here."
	"Go on if you guys want to know who she is."
	But then, Thomas was lucky and did not draw joker. Nora drew joker a few more times. She just chose to drink. Rose was lucky and did not draw joker once.
	Nora drank a lot of wine today in the restaurant and the club. She felt unwell and propped up the table to get up, "I am going out to get some air."
	Rose followed her and got up, "I'll go out with you."
	Nora drank so much wine. Rose did not want her to go out alone.
	Rose reached out to help Nora out of the box. Nora felt a little sick and reached out to press her chest, "Rose, I need to go to the bathroom."
	"Okay." Rose led Nora to the nearest bathroom. After she pushed the door in, her phone rang.
	It was Bright.
Chapter 333 Mr. Bright Is Jealous
	Rose let Nora prop up the sink, "I'm going to take a call. By the way, I'll get you some antidote for your drink."
	"Okay." Nora turned on the faucet.
	Rose answered the phone and went out of the bathroom, "Bright..."
	"When does the party end? I'll pick you up." Bright had also just finished a reception and was just leaving.
	Rose glanced at the watch on her right wrist, "Nora is drunk. I have to take her home first."
	"How about you?" Bright said with concern.
	"I'm fine. I just drank a little. Don't worry. I know how far to go and when to stop." Rose said as she walked outside the club, "You'd better go back and rest early. I'll go get Nora some antidote. After I send her back, I will go home."
	"Where are you?" Bright said.
	"Clond Club," Rose said truthfully.
	"OK." Bright then hung up the phone.
	Rose took her phone and stood at the door of the club, thinking that Bright hung up before she had even finished her sentence.
	She looked up around and saw a pharmacy across the street.
	She walked to the crosswalk and crossed the street towards the pharmacy. She stepped into the pharmacy and asked the staff for a box of antidote and paid for it.
	Just as she came out of the pharmacy, she saw a blue Maserati with Bright's birthday number parked on the side of the road.
	She was a little moved and surprised. Before she reached the window of the car, the high quality glass window of the back seat was slowly rolled down. Rose saw Bright's perfect profile and prominent nose.
	He looked up at her, his eyes full of affection and shining, which attracted people to indulge in it.
	"Get in." Bright's voice was husky and alluring.
	"I have to take care of Nora. I don't feel comfortable with her in the bathroom alone." Rose lifted the medicine bag in her hand and showed it to him, "Wait here for me for a while."
	Bright, however, didn't give her a chance and pushed the door to get out of the car. His legs were long and straight.
	He pushed her into the car, "Stay with me for a while."
	"I can drop Nora off first and then stay with you." Rose blinked, "Isn't it nice to go home with you?"
	"I want you to stay with me now." Bright took her hand in his big hand, entwined his fingers with hers, and rested his head on her shoulder.
	He closed his eyes and seemed a little tired.
	"Are you jealous of Nora?"
	Rose couldn't bear it and didn't move. She looked at his tired sleeping face through the faint light through the car window outside. The light and shadow outlined his face.
	"You're my wife. It's her who should be jealous of me." Bright replied overbearingly.
	"..." Rose thought he was so childish.
	After Bright leaned on Rose for ten minutes, Rose said, "I'm going to find Nora. You wait for me in the car."
	Bright slowly opened his ink eyes and raised his hand to look at the luxury diamond watch on his wrist, "It's about time. Nora doesn't need you to take care of her."
	"Why?" Rose didn't understand what he meant by that, "Jayden and the others are playing. There's no one to take care of her."
	"Look." Bright straightened up and told Rose to look at the door of the club.
	There was a Mercedes parked in front of the door. Someone got out of the car in a hurry. Rose saw clearly that it was Alan, Nora's husband.
	"Why is he here? Did you inform him?" Rose turned around and met Bright's deep eyes. The answer was obvious.
	"I pick up my wife and he takes care of his wife. Isn't it right?" Bright was reasonable.
	"You are right. But Rose and I are friends. We should take care of each other. Why are you so petty?" Rose turned around and reached out to put her arms around his neck, "Mr. Bright, are you jealous?"
	"I can't help it. After all, Mrs. Lee is so beautiful." Bright lowered his head and pressed against Rose's forehead.
	"It seems that you did not drink wine at the dinner, but honey." Rose chuckled.
	"Then you taste it..." Bright then kissed her without scruples.
	Rose was caught off guard by his kiss and was slightly surprised. But then, she gradually softened under his superior kissing skills.
	His kiss was sometimes dominant and sometimes gentle. It was hot, softening her and making her submit to his charm.
	They kissed so hard... until they almost lost breath.
	The two panted raggedly, their breath disordered.
	"Let's go home." Bright snapped the window twice, alerting the driver who had stood outside the car and waited.
	"Nora is still inside... The medicine is here." Rose sobered up a little.
	"Don't worry. Her husband is around." Bright flicked her hair behind her ear, "Why don't you comfort me a little more?"
	The driver got in and drove the car from the side road into the main road.
	At the same time, Nora was waiting for Rose in the bathroom. But the light of the bathroom went out before she could wait for Rose.
	Nora looked at the dark bathroom. She was awake for a while. There was only a faint light in the window on the opposite wall.
	She cheered up, held the wall, and was about to walk out. But she crashed into an embrace.
	The first thing Nora could tell was that the person was a man. He had a pleasant and unforgettable smell.
	Nora tried to back away from him. But the man grabbed her wrist and pressed her against the sink again. He pinched her soft waist with one hand so that she could not move.
	"Who are you? What do you want?" Nora tried her best to calm herself, and sobered up.
	The man was too strong. No matter how she struggled, it was futile.
	"Be good and don't move ......" The man's voice was deep and cold, just like the cold night.
	"Who the hell are you?" Nora bit her lip, feeling that the strong man behind her was close to her and pressed her tightly against the sink.
	Their position was too intimate and was ambiguous at the moment, which annoyed Nora. But there was nothing she could do.
	"It doesn't matter who I am at all." The man lowered his head and whispered to her ear. His hot breath made her tingling and thirsty.
	And his dry palms caressed her thighs.
	What made her feel even more ashamed was that she had a little bit of expectation while being frightened.
	Had she been lonely for too long? Surprisingly, she had such terrible thoughts about a strange man.
	"You'd better not touch me, or…"
	"Since I dare to touch you, do you think I will be afraid, Ms. Nora? I know you are the daughter-in-law of the Way family." The man knew very well who Nora was.
Chapter 334 Is It Funny to Bully a Woman
	"If you know who I am, let go of me at once, and I may pretend that nothing has happened and spare you!" Nora could not see his face clearly in the dim light.
	It was the first time that she had been in control and she couldn't resist. More importantly, she felt that she was in danger, so she was panicked.
	"Spare me?" The man grinned with disdain, as if he didn't take it seriously, "Ms. Cooper, I'm afraid you don't have the chance to be in charge, right?"
	His chuckle made Nora feel cold to the bone. She tightened her eyebrows. "What have I done that offended you?"
	"I don't know." He clasped her waist with his big hands and continued, "Maybe I don't like you being so proud, so I want to tear your pride apart to see what is left in you..."
	His big hands moved from her waist up the curve of her back, which made her tremble.
	He was too dangerous, like a bloodthirsty wolf, and she was the prey on his lips.
	It made Nora feel fear, something she had never felt before.
	She was afraid of the man.
	Nora instinctively wanted to shout, "Help..."
	But before she could say anything, the man had turned her over to face him, and quickly kissed her.
	Nora couldn't cry out. All she could do was open her eyes in shock and groaned.
	But this did not stop the man from being so rude to her. He bit her like a wolf, as if he wanted to tear her to pieces.
	It wasn't kissing, it was tearing, with some extreme emotion that Nora couldn't understand.
	She was powerless to resist, so she gradually submitted to him, and he was no longer as fierce as just now.
	His fierce kiss turned to be a gentle one...
	Just then, there was a knock on the bathroom door, "Nora, are you in there? It's Alan. Rose said you were in there and she told me that you were drunk and asked me to take you home."
	When Nora heard Alan's voice, she woke up in a flash. She reached out to push the man who was holding her. But he did not hurry, and still lingered on her soft lips, as if he had not tasted her unique fragrance enough.
	"Nora, can you hear me? I am coming in." When Alan saw that Nora didn't respond, he was worried. He was afraid that she might be drunk and slept in the room.
	"Let go of me," Nora whispered.
	"What do you think if he comes in and sees his wife being kissed in someone else's arms?" The man let go of her and pointed at her lips, "Do you think he will burst with anger or divorce you?"
	"What do you want?" Nora's lips were hot. "Is it funny for a man to bully a woman in the dark like that?"
	"I think it's funny, very interesting." The man's evil smile ran through her eardrums and made her uncomfortable.
	Nora couldn't say a word. She stared at the man in the dark, though she couldn't see his expression and wondered who he was!
	"Nora, I'm coming in." Alan was outside and put his hand on the door handle.
	Nora was nervous. She had never cared so much about Alan seeing her with a strange man before.
	Although she didn't care what Alan would think of her, and they were only a couple in name, but she had to save face for Alan and the Way family.
	The Way Family was an influential family in City H. If the news spread out, it would do her no good.
	"My husband is coming in ..." Nora reminded the man.
	The man raised his lips with evil charm, but still did not let go of her.
	"Is your husband so important that make you so nervous?"
	"It's none of your business," Nora snapped.
	"Well..."
	The moment Alan pushed open the door, the man made a quick leave. He turned to the rectangular window opposite the bathroom wall, pulled the glass up with his long arm, and leaped away like a nimble cheetah.
	Nora looked at the window and thought what had just happened was like a dream.
	But she could feel the man's smell on her, and the smell on her lips was a reminder that she had really just been assaulted by a strange man.
	Although he left, and she felt relaxed, the aftermath made her feel the nightmare hadn't ended.
	"Nora... Where are you?" When Alan came in, the bathroom was dark.
	He pulled out his cell phone to illuminate the bathroom and looked for Nora by the dimly lit light. She was standing by the wash basin, her back against the edge of the basin, and she looked pale.
	"Nora..." When Alan found her, he hurried forward.
	Nora turned her head to Alan, who took her in his arms and said softly, "Don't be afraid, Nora, I am here."
	Nora felt the warmth. Instinctively she hugged Alan back and rested her head on his shoulder. The fear was gone.
	When Alan saw Nora hug him back, he felt a little happy. It seemed that she was very afraid of the dark, and his appearance was just in time.
	"Nora, I will be with you. You won't be left alone in the dark anymore," Alan smiled with satisfaction.
	"I want to go home," Nora whispered.
	"Good. We're going home," Alan replied.
	He took a step with Nora and she almost fell to her knees. Seeing this, Alan handed the phone to Nora. "You hold the phone and light up the road," he said.
	Then he hugged Nora up and took her out of the bathroom.
	It was the first time Nora didn't refuse Alan. She leaned against Alan and closed her eyes slowly.
	Alan carried Nora out of the clubhouse, put her in his car, and fastened the seat belt for her.
	He sat on the driver's seat, holding her hand in his and said, "If you are tired, just close your eyes to get some rest, I will always hold your hand and wouldn't let go."
	Nora just nodded, as if she was tired of even saying another word.
	Alan drove the car away from Clond Club.
	When they got home, Alan carried Nora upstairs to the bedroom, helped her to the bed, tucked her under the quilt, and looked at Nora's quiet sleeping face. He bent down and gave her a kiss on her eyebrows.
	Alan picked up his phone, and sent a message.
Chapter 335 Make the Choice That Would Cause Less Harm
	Bright, wearing a black silk robe, sat on the sofa and stooped over to pick up his phone.
	'Nora had got home safely and gone to bed. Thank you, Mr. Lee.'
	Bright looked at the words of thanks and smiled. He held the phone in his palm and stood up.
	The phone beeped twice, and then again and again... He wondered why Alan kept texting him.
	Was he afraid that Bright didn't get the message, or did he think Bright should reply?
	To be honest, if it weren't for the fact that Nora was Rose's best friend, he wouldn't bother with another woman's affairs.
	Well, he couldn't turn a blind eye to it. His wife and Nora had been such a good relationship. Nora had always stood by Rose all these years.
	He was paying back his wife's debt.
	Bright took a look at the screen, narrowed his eyes, and clicked on the message to check the pictures.
	These pictures showed Rose had intimate contact with a strange man. Sometimes the man supported her, and some showed she held the man's arm, and there were some that looked like they were kissing.
	Bright scanned them one by one. The more he looked, the darker his face became, as if he wanted to break the man's hand.
	The message was sent from an unknown number.
	Bright dialed the number, but got no answer.
	Bright called Bill again, "138XXXXX1, please check the number."
	He sat back in the sofa, enlarged the photos, and carefully looked at them again.
	He kept a clear picture of the man's face and sent it to Bill.
	After a while, Bill called back, "Mr. Lee, I can't find the caller because this number was set up many years ago when there was no real name system."
	"I sent you a picture. Can you track this guy down?" Bright was not satisfied with Bill's ability.
	"Yes, yes, I will." Bill had already felt the dislike and doubt from Bright.
	Seeing that Rose came out of the bathroom, he ended the conversation and got up to her.
	Rose looked at him with a smile. Bright pulled her into his arms and kissed on her lips.
	Rose was shocked by his enthusiasm, and Bright was more than twice as enthusiastic as he was.
	He kissed her so deeply that she couldn't even think about anything.
	She let him kiss every inch of her and do everything to her.
	Bright looked at Rose, who was asleep in his arms. When he thought of those pictures and the man who had coveted his wife, his eyes shone with violence.
	Someone dared to covet his woman, and dared to send him the photos.
	He was a man, so he must have strong possession of his woman. He would definitely not allow others to covet her woman.
	Bright didn't know when he fell asleep. He got up very early in the morning and went for a run. When he came back, it was only 6:30.
	Neither Rose nor Doris had got up. Only Grandpa had got up.
	"Grandpa." Bright greeted Grandpa as he wiped the sweat off his face with a towel.
	"Bright, I have something to tell you," Grandfather looked upstairs and lowered his voice, "I want to go back to my hometown. I just want to spend the last time with your grandmother and I want to be buried with her after death."
	"I'm sure Rose does not want to let me leave alone, but I've made up my mind. As plants grow old, their leaves will return to their roots, and so does human being. I have no regrets if I can spend my last days with your grandmother."
	"So, I want you to persuade Rose to let me go back. You all have your own lives and jobs. Don't let me put you off. Rose could have worked when she came back, but she stays home to take care of me."
	"I don't want to be a burden to you. It makes me feel guilty."
	After listening to Grandpa, Bright replied, "Grandpa, we know you miss Grandma and understand how you feel, but it's more convenient for you to be here for the treatment of your illness. Rose also wants to spend more time with you. You are not a burden to us. You are our Grandfather."
	"You don't need to feel burdensome here. As for Rose, it's her choice to stay here to take care of you. If you don't think she should be at home, I'll let her go to work."
	"The fact that I ask you to come here is not only for your treatment. My father is also here. I hope our parents can meet each other, and then I can propose to Rose. After all, Doris is growing fast, and I still owe Rose a wedding. Don't you want to see Rose get married? You are the most important person in each other's life."
	"If you're going back, you may wait until our wedding ends, so that you and Rose won't have any regret, right? We'll accompany you back to your hometown."
	What Bright said made Grandpa hesitate.
	He really wanted to see Rose get married.
	"And how long will it take to prepare for your wedding?" Grandpa wondered how long it would be. He was afraid he couldn't live so long.
	"I will arrange the parents of both sides to meet before we discuss the wedding. Of course, I will arrange it as soon as possible. Don't worry, Grandpa," Bright soothed him, "Those doctors I hired are skilled."
	Grandpa nodded with a smile. "Bright, thank you."
	"Don't mention it," said Bright, "It is my choice and my responsibility."
	"I'm so glad I left Rose with you. I wouldn't be worried even if I pass away now." Grandpa believed in Bright's character.
	"Grandpa, don't say that. Rose would be sad to hear that." Bright ended the unpleasant conversation and said, "I'll go up and get changed first, then I'll come down and have breakfast with you."
	"Good," Grandfather nodded, "Then I'll take a walk in the garden."
	Bright went upstairs and into his bedroom. He took a shower first, then changed into a white shirt and a dark blue suit. Looking in the mirror, he tied a tie and put on his watch.
	He was tall, and had strong aura. Now when he wore the clothes, his business-like prominent appearance was outshone.
	When Bright went out of the dressing room, Rose got up. Looking at Bright, who had already done everything meticulously, she felt ashamed seeing Bright had such a strong self-discipline.
	"Rose, go back to work at YM Group," Bright said, "I'll support the family, and you can do what you like with your work."
	"But who will take care of Grandpa when I go to work?" Rose was worried.
	"Grandpa would be over-thinking if you didn't go to work." Bright patted on her hand, "Just don't let Grandpa worry about you."
Chapter 336 Never Leave You Unless Death Separate Us
	Rose sat on the bed and raised her eyes to Bright. The pattern of the black flower was very elegant, which matched well with the white shirt and made him nobler.
	"Don't you want to go back to work?" Bright looked at her and sat down on the edge of the bed. "Grandpa will be under pressure if you don't work at home. He will think that he has delayed your work. If he is in bad good, it won't do any good to his illness."
	"And just now Grandpa asked me to persuade you to let him go back to his hometown to accompany Grandma. He is under great pressure and feels guilty."
	"I am worried to let grandfather stay at home alone. I feel more comfortable taking care of him myself." Rose wrapped his arms and said, "I didn't think it would put such pressure on my grandfather."
	"It's not your fault. You have your own ideas, and Grandpa has his own, but both of you have good ideas, and you care about for each other. You love each other so much so that you don't want to hurt each other." Bright put his hand on her arm.
	"For Grandpa's sake, I think we should respect him and let him do what he likes. What do you think?"
	"Matthew told me that you want to return to YM Group. The company has high hopes for you. You are an excellent designer, and I feel it is a loss for you to leave this industry."
	"You don't need to support our family. With me here, you and Doris wouldn't have any problems in food and clothing. You just need to go back to work and treat it as your hobby. I'll always be there for you."
	"Don't you want to go back to this industry to chase your dreams and fulfill your value?"
	Rose, of course, was eager to go further in the designer industry. She hoped to realize her dream.
	For example, when someone praised some landmark building, others would happily say that it was designed by Rose. She was very happy to be recognized by the industry and the public.
	Rose smiled and nodded on his shoulder. "Okay, I'll go back to work today, all right?"
	"I'm not forcing you. It's up to you. I'm just making a suggestion." Bright didn't want Rose to feel she was forced to go to work.
	"Yes, I do want to design more and better things, so I have thought that I will go to work after Grandpa gets better. Since Grandpa has such an idea now, I will go to work now. Even if we go back to City J in the future, YM Group has a branch there, and we can still continue to work." Rose spoke out her mind.
	"You are finally willing to go back to City J with me." Bright smiled brightly.
	"A woman follows her husband no matter what his lot is." Rose went her fingers to his tie, "I'm married to you, and I'll go wherever you go, unless..."
	"Unless what?" Bright lifted her fine chin with the tip of his fingers.
	"Unless we get div... Oh..."
	Bright blocked Rose's words by kissing her before she could finish them.
	After the kiss, Bright pinched her chin, and said seriously, "I will never be divorced unless I am widowed, so put away all your silly ideas. You are in love with me for the rest of your life, so Rose, don't try to run away. Even if you go to the ends of the earth, I will do everything to find you."
	Rose could feel his deep and passionate love from his eyes and from what he said.
	Rose met his eyes and said with the same seriousness, "If you live up to your promise, I will never let you down."
	"Of course." Bright loosened his fingertips and lifted his wrist to check the time. "It's almost 7:30. Get dressed and have breakfast with Grandpa. I'll go downstairs first and tell Matthew that you're coming back to work."
	"Good." Rose quickly got out of bed. Her feet were weak, and she almost tripped over by the quilts.
	"Are you all right?" Bright held her up immediately.
	"It's all your fault." Rose steadied herself and glared at him.
	"My fault?" Bright felt puzzled.
	"I don't know what happened to you last night that you were so fierce like a beast." Rose felt her legs limp just now because he was over enthusiastic last night and couldn't be satisfied.
	Bright coughed softly. "I will go and see Doris."
	Then he turned and ran away.
	Seeing that Bright had left, Rose went to the bathroom to dress herself up.
	Rose chose a mint-green dress today. It made her look fresh and beautiful. Tying her hair into ponytail, she looked so energetic and charming, even though she didn't wear much makeup.
	Bright watched Rose coming down the stairs, and he felt his heart missed a beat. Although he could see her every day, he was still stunned by her, so he could not part from her.
	Rose walked over. Bright stood up and pulled out her chair for her.
	"Grandpa, I want to tell you something," Rose said seriously, "I think your condition is stable now, and Bright is recovering well. You don't need me to take care of you anymore, so I will go back to work from today on. What do you think?"
	"Good," Grandfather smiled happily, the wrinkles at the corners of his eyes were deep, "A woman should have her own business, so that she can set a good example for her children."
	"That's what I was thinking." Rose took Bright's milk and said, "Let's finish it quickly and start to work."
	After they finished the breakfast with Grandpa, Grandpa saw them off.
	Bright sent Doris to the kindergarten first, and then took Rose to the office before going back to his company.
	Bright settled down Rose's work with a phone call.
	Matthew was overjoyed when Bright said that Rose would come back to work today, so he had already ordered the receptionist to let Rose in and asked Rose to report to him the moment she was back.
	Rose got in the elevator to Matthew's floor smoothly and knocked on his office door.
	Matthew smiled sincerely when he saw Rose and extended his hand, "Welcome back, Rose."
	Rose shook hands with Matthew and said, "Thank you. I'm going to come back and trouble you again."
	"Oh, that's my pleasure. I'm so glad you're back. And as I said, the place is always reserved for you, and I meant it." Matthew asked her to sit down, and his assistant brought in two cups of coffee.
Chapter 337 The Flowers Are Not Sent by My Husband
	Matthew and Rose looked at each other. "Rose, in my heart I think we are more like friends than colleagues."
	"Mr. Matthew, we are subordinates when we are working together, but we are friends in life. It is my honor to have such a true friend like you." Matthew cared about Rose and had helped her a lot here, and he was kind, so she naturally became friends after getting along with him.
	"My pleasure, too." Matthew took a sip of his coffee. "Is your grandfather all right?"
	"Yes, he's fine," Rose said, "All we want to do now is respect his decision and fulfill his wish, and do our best to make him happy every day."
	"That's good. It's more important to be happy every day than anything else," Matthew comforted her.
	"That's what I thought, so I came back to work." Rose smiled, trying to suppress her bitterness, and then changed the subject, "What about you? Have you worked things out with Velina?"
	"No, my mother is forcing me to marry her, but I really have no love for Velina. I only treat her like my sister. It's impossible for us to be together, and even if we get married, we will be unhappy in the future. So, it would be better not to start than to get married and get divorced. That's my respect for her, so I don't want to compromise just because my mother forces me to marry her." Matthew frowned when he talked about it.
	"So, you haven't gone home, and you've been staying in the hotel? That's not to best way to deal with the matter." Rose was also worried.
	"I know it's not the way to tackle the problem, but what can I do about it? It's my mother, and I can't break the relationship with her." Matthew rubbed his forehead, feeling a headache. "Or do you have any good way to help me?"
	"Marriage is a private matter between you and Velina. If you can convince Velina to give up or ask her to tell your mother that she doesn't want to marry you, I think the matter can be resolved." Rose thought it was the best solution if Velina could give up the marriage on her own initiative.
	"You can have a face-to-face talk with Velina, get to know what she thinks, and then talk the things over. Velina also seems to be a well-educated girl, and she should understand you."
	"Yes, I will try," Matthew nodded, "By the way, your return to the office today is something worth to celebrate. I'll take you out to meet your colleagues."
	"No, we all know each other." Rose didn't want to make a sensation.
	"It's fine." Matthew got up to open the door and went to the design department with Rose.
	People were surprised and happy to see Rose.
	Matthew said to the suspicious crowd, "Designer Rose has returned to our design department since today."
	And then he applauded. The crowd began to applaud, but some people did not want to.
	"Well, to celebrate Rose's return, I'm going to treat you to dinner tonight and then to karaoke."
	Matthew was very generous.
	Rose didn't expect Matthew to make such a big sensation, but she knew that some things were just for fun, so she didn't say anything to spoil everyone's mood.
	Rose went back into her office and Amy knocked on the door with a cup of coffee. "I'm so glad you're back, Rose," she said.
	"I saw you grinning from ear to ear just now." Rose looked at the clean and tidy office and the feeling of those working days came back.
	"I thought you wouldn't come back when you have gone so long, especially Lily and some guys... they wanted to sit in your seat. When Mr. Matthew said you would come back, I was sure you would, and it did."
	As she tidied up her desk, Rose listened to Amy and smiled without saying a word.
	"Rose, what are you thinking? You have no idea how much I've missed you since you took your vacation." Amy said sweetly.
	"Since you miss me so much, please help me find out all the materials about Beach Hotel now. I need both electronic and paper versions."
	Rose looked at Amy.
	"Ah? Rose, there is so much information. I don't want to..." Amy looked bitter at once.
	"So that's the way you miss me?" Rose winked at Amy as she rested her chin on one hand.
	"No." Amy clasped her fingers nervously. "Missing you and looking for information are two different things. But I'll do my best if you ask me to. I will get it now."
	Amy ran away and almost ran into her colleague on the way out.
	Rose could not help shaking her head and chuckling at Amy who was still so careless.
	Rose's work today was to finish reading the materials of Beach Hotel. Matthew said that although the project was being promoted, Sky required it to be carried out until she came back, because she was the main designer of the project.
	Now that she was back, she was supposed to get this project going.
	Amy sent her the electronic version of the information, and Rose quickly checked it.
	But after a while, someone sent flowers to the design department, and it was for Rose. Suddenly, the department got excited.
	Rose was a little dumbfounded when she saw the 99 white roses. When she thought it was a gift from Bright to congratulate her on her return to work, she knew it was not sent by him the moment she opened the card and saw the words on it.
	"I envy the sun, as he can see your brilliant smile; I envy the moon, because she can watch you sleep peacefully; I envy myself, because I can always miss you." Amy read all the words on the card.
	There was no name on it, and Rose did not know who was so boring as to send her flowers.
	Amy held Rose happily and asked, "Rose, your husband is so romantic. He sent you such beautiful bouquet and wrote such sweet words. It makes me so envious."
	"It isn't sent by my husband. You can have them if you like them." Rose didn't take the flowers and left.
	She had married, and she didn't accept flowers from anyone except her husband.
	Amy looked at Rose's back in surprise, "It's not from your husband... Who sent this?"
	"Rose is so pretty. There must be no shortage of other suitors."
	"Yes, do you think her husband is under a lot of pressure when he knows Rose has suitors?"
	"You can ask her husband."
	"I have no idea who Rose's husband is. How can I ask?"
	"Isn't there a dinner party today? Get Rose drunk and her husband will pick her up, won't he?"
	"You're too bad."
	"Don't tell me you're not curious about what Rose's husband looks like."
	They all fell silent, each looking for an excuse to leave.
Chapter 338 In fact, I Always Like You
	Rose went to work the next day and still received the same white roses as yesterday, but she still gave them away.
	She dared not tell Bright about someone sending her flowers, for fear that he might be suspicious or cause unnecessary misunderstanding.
	It was like looking for a needle in a haystack to find the one who sent her flowers. If someone sent her flowers next time, she would ask Amy to reject it.
	Rose then received a call from Nora, "Rose, when you are free today? Bring Doris over for a dinner. I haven't seen Doris for a long time."
	"I've already returned to work at YM Group and will only be free after work." Rose took a sip of warm water.
	"When did you go back to work? I don't even know it." Nora was shocked.
	"I just got back yesterday. I haven't had time to talk to you." Rose has just started her job these days, and she was very busy. "I happen to have something to tell you. I will talk about it when I come to your home after work."
	"Well, I'll wait for you," said Nora.
	After finishing the call with Nora, Rose threw herself into her work and didn't realize it was off time until she saw there were few people in the department.
	She quickly packed things up and left.
	Rose didn't realize it was raining until she came out of the hall. She picked up the spare umbrella in her bag. When she was about to step to the side of the street to take a taxi, a BMW stopped in front of her, blocking her way.
	As Rose started to make a detour, the door was pushed open and a man in dark glasses got out. "Rose, it's me," he shouted to her.
	Rose then looked at the man, who took off his sunglasses and showed his face. She recognized it was Thomas.
	Her eyes flashed with surprise. How could he be here?
	"It's good that I can catch you off work." Thomas opened the trunk door and bent down to hold out a bunch of flowers.
	When Rose saw the white roses, she felt a little recoiled.
	"It's for you, Rose." Thomas stepped forward and handed the bouquet to her.
	Rose did not take it, but just looked at him. "Why send me flowers?"
	"Do you like white roses?" Thomas was a bit annoyed when he saw she didn't take it. "I remember you like white roses in schooldays. If you don't like white roses, tell me what kind of flowers you like, and I'll give them to you."
	"Thomas, I don't like flowers now. Don't waste money on it," Rose rejected him.
	"It doesn't matter if you don't like flowers... Then I invite you to dine with me so I can make up for my mistakes." Thomas changed tactics.
	"What mistakes you have made?" Rose confused. Was it because she didn't like flowers?
	"It was I who sent you white roses these two days," Thomas admitted.
	Rose was more shocked. It turned out that the flowers were sent by him.
	"Don't send flowers anymore." Rose felt annoyed, but it was glad to know who sent the flowers, so that she could handle the things.
	"Well, I won't," Thomas said seriously, "Shall we go to have dinner? I've already booked a restaurant and the setting is very nice."
	"Sorry, I have an appointment with Nora, so..." Rose had to refuse his offer.
	In fact, even if she didn't make an appointment with Nora, she wouldn't go to dinner with Thomas. After all, she was married, so she should not be too casual, otherwise she would cause troubles if Bright knew about it.
	"Well... It's just not the right time," said Thomas with disappointment, "Why not let me send you there?"
	"No, I will go there myself." Rose shook her head.
	"No. Anyway, I live nearby Springhill Villa. It's just on my way. Don't refuse me, Rose." Thomas went to the front of the car and opened the passenger door for Rose, expecting her to get on.
	Seeing that Thomas was so enthusiastic and she reminded that he had sent her and Sia back, Rose had to accept that.
	"All right, then." Rose got into his car.
	Thomas was full of joy, feeling that this was the first step to get close to Rose, then he got on the happily, and left the YM Group branch.
	Along the way, Thomas seemed a little excited, while Rose was very quiet.
	When Thomas was waiting for the red light, he looked at Rose sideways and said, "Why don't you talk?"
	Rose did not know what to say, but Thomas asked again, "Rose, do you still remember my favorite song when I was in school?"
	Rose shook her head. She didn't know and didn't care.
	"Yes, at that time you only had Sky in your heart, so no wonder you never care about me." Thomas was a little lost, and was envious of Sky. "Now you have left him. Rose, there's one thing I've been meaning to tell you..."
	"Thomas, it's green light." Rose looked at the road and reminded him.
	She felt nervous and had a feeling that something was about to happen, so she wanted to stop what he was about to say.
	"Actually, Rose, I always like you," Thomas bravely expressed his mind.
	Rose did not know how to face such a sudden confession. She just clenched her purse, and said, "Thomas, thank you for your appreciation, but I..."
	Thomas drove passed the intersection, while said in a relaxed tone, "Don't so nervous. I am not to force you to make any decision. I just want to express what I have hid in my heart. Of course, I also want to fight for myself a chance to pursue you, and give you a chance to know me."
	"Thomas, I'm sorry, but I've already ..."
	Rose's voice came to a halt as the car screeched to a halt.
	Rose was pushed forward by inertia, but luckily, she was restrained by the safety belt.
	Thomas did not expect there would be a car catching up so fast from behind, and then drove past him, and stopped right in front of him, forcing him to stop.
	"How did this man drive!? Doesn't he know it's dangerous?" Thomas looked at the Maserati in front, burning with anger, "Stay here and I would see what happened."
	Rose looked at the Maserati... Taking a look at the license plate, she thought, 'Isn't this his car?'
	Thomas had got off the car now. Rose also unfastened her seat belt and pushed the door to get off.
	Maserati's driver also got off the car, and said to Thomas, "Mr. Thomas, how much do you want us to pay?"
	"I..." Thomas did not think the other side would solve the problem so directly, "I do not want any compensation, I need an apology! Who would drive like that!? Do you think this is in your home?"
Chapter 339 She Is already Married
	Rose had already come to Thomas and advised him, "Thomas, since we and the car are fine, you can go first. I will take a taxi by myself."
	"How's that going to work?" Thomas twisted his eyebrows, not willing to leave at all, "Let me see if you have any injury. Even you drop a hair, I won't let it go."
	"I'm fine." Rose took two steps back, not wanting to have physical contact with Thomas, "You go first."
	"I won't. It's their fault, and they must apologize!" Thomas looked at the driver, "Ask your master out."
	"My master wouldn't meet strangers." The driver said firmly.
	"What do you mean!?" Thomas was angry. In City H, although the Simpson family was not as influential as the Clark family and the Tanner family, they were still famous. Thomas was not convinced by being looked down upon by the other man, especially in front of Rose.
	Thomas avoided the driver, went up to knock the window of the back seat. Through the glass, the man inside was faintly visible. "Get off and apologize!" shouted Thomas.
	But the man in the car seemed to take him as air and ignored him.
	Thomas felt being insulated.
	He knocked it twice hard. "Are you deaf? I told you to get out and apologize!"
	The driver stepped forward and said to Thomas, "My master doesn't have to apologize to you."
	"Why!" Thomas felt irritable, feeling that they were unreasonable, "If you do not to apologize, then I will call the police! Let the police be the judge."
	After that, Thomas took out a mobile phone. He did not believe that there was no way to deal with these arrogant people.
	"Thomas!" shouted Rose when she saw that Thomas wanted to call the police and stopped him at once. "Don't do that."
	"Rose, I know you don't want to make a big deal out of it, but you can see their attitude. People who are so unreasonable and domineering should be taught a lesson. We are in the right and we don't need to be afraid."
	"No, it isn't." Rose didn't think so at all. She didn't want Bright to have any negative news. "Just for my sake."
	"Rose..." Thomas frowned and looked at Rose. He did not understand why she had to do this. "You are just too kind."
	"I am not kind; I have someone I want to protect." Rose was really being selfish this time.
	"Selfish?" Thomas was still confused, "Rose, what do you mean by this? Why can't I understand?"
	Thomas turned to look at the back of the car and then looked at Rose. He seemed to understand something, "You know the man in the car?"
	"Yes." Rose admitted.
	Thomas was stunned for a few seconds, and then said, "Since it is the person you know, then... Then I'll just let it go."
	"Thank you, Thomas," Rose smiled and thanked him.
	"It's OK. Your friends are my friends." Thomas looked at Rose's smile and was so sweet that he had forgotten how angry he was just now.
	After all, he was trying to woo Rose, so he needed to make a good impression on her friends.
	"Then let's get back in the car," Thomas suggested.
	But the driver had reached out his right hand respectfully and said to Rose, "Ma'am, master asks you to get in the car."
	As soon as the driver said this, every word was heavily knocked on Thomas's heart. He heard it clearly, and looked at Rose with shock, "Ma'am? Master? What does it mean?"
	Thomas muttered as if his tongue was knotted. He looked at Rose, hoping that she would give him an explanation. As long as she denied it, he would believe every word she said.
	Rose was about to explain when the backseat door was pushed open.
	The driver opened the big black umbrella in his hand and the man stood under it.
	He was dressed in a classic white shirt and black suit, but he was nobler than others. He had handsome features, a pair of deep and sharp eyes, and his eyes were so sharp that no one could see through what he was thinking.
	Thomas looked at the man who was half head taller than him. He could feel that the man was so mature and dignified that made him feel dwarfed.
	Bright put his arm around Rose's waist naturally and pulled her close to him, showing his possessiveness of her.
	Rose, on the other hand, was a little girlish in front of men.
	They looked like a perfect match that made people jealous of them.
	Thomas clenched into fists as he looked at their intimate posture.
	"Don't you introduce to me who he is?" Bright tilted his head, and whispered in Rose's ear.
	Rose then collected her mind and said, "This is my friend Thomas, the second son of the Simpson family. He once was my classmate. Thomas, this is my husband, Bright."
	Husband?
	Thomas eyes widened. What happened today was like a blow to him, making him hardly accept.
	He thought Rose had been single when she broke up with Sky. He had never heard of her marriage. Unexpectedly, she had married.
	And this man was Bright, the second son of the famous Lee family in City J, and the president of HY Group. Bright was a powerful man in business and could handle anything.
	"You're married? Why haven't I heard about it?" Thomas was reluctant to face such a cruel reality.
	"We got married three years ago, but we haven't had a wedding yet," Rose explained, "And I wanted to talk to you in the car, and then this happened."
	Thomas recalled what had just happened, but what was the use of it?
	He was too late after all, and she was already married to another man.
	He hated himself for not expressing his feelings earlier, and for not striving for it once.
	Well, what if he tried?
	His rival in love was Bright. How could he win Bright?
	Any girl would have chosen Bright over him, and he knew that.
	He lost to Sky before, but now he lost to Bright, which showed that Rose and he were not meant to be together. So, he could only cut off his love for Rose.
	How could Bright let anyone covet his wife? That was why Bright pulled over and stopped his car.
	"Well, when you have a wedding, remember to inform me. I must come to congratulate you," said Thomas.
	"Sure," Bright replied, "We must inform Mr. Simpson."
	"Thank you." Thomas looked at Rose, and said, "Now that Mr. Lee is here, I won't bother you. Goodbye."
	Thomas turned and walked away quickly, got on the car and left. When he passed Rose, he gave an unwilling look at Rose, and then raised the window, shutting all his fantasies outside the window.
Chapter 340 Mrs. Lee Is So Likable
	Rose watched Thomas leave in the rain, and she felt mixed feelings. She didn't mean to hurt others feelings, but there was something she couldn't control.
	"He has gone. You seem to be unwilling to let him go." Bright was unhappy to see Rose watch Thomas leave.
	"I didn't. I just feel embarrassed," Rose sighed.
	Although Thomas was born into a rich family, he had no bad habits, and always acted like gentleman and was polite. There were many girls who loved him, but she never thought he would fall in love with her.
	Nora's eyes were so sharp that she could even tell that Thomas liked her.
	"Yes, you did, as you have broken a man's heart," Bright joked, eyeing carefully her picturesque brow and eyes and said, "Why there are so many people chasing you?"
	"No, I don't think so," Rose denied. "I don't know why he will love me," Rose said. "When we were at school, Nora was the brightest girl in the class. It was Nora who had so many people chasing after her."
	"Then why would he fall in love with you?" Bright raised his eyebrows, waiting for her answer.
	"That's what I want to know, too, but I think he's blind." Rose lowered herself in front of Bright and fawned on him.
	"He's blind?" Bright grinned, "He's not blind! Would a man be blind if he could appreciate my woman? Do you think I'm blind, too?"
	Rose smiled and didn't know what to say.
	Rose put her arm around Bright's and changed the subject, "I have an appointment with Nora today and asked you not to pick me up. Why do you suddenly show up? Who's going to pick up Doris?"
	"Are you going to let him drive you to Nora's house if I don't come?" Bright didn't want to change the subject, "Now that you're married and have a daughter, you should always remember you can't get in the car of any strange man. And you are not allowed to accept flowers from men other than me."
	"I have kept that in mind, so I didn't take it." Rose knew Bright had seen Thomas sent her flowers.
	"Have you been here long ago, but didn't show up just to wait for a right time?"
	That was the only way he would know about the flowers stuff.
	"It's raining and would not be easy to get a crab, so I come to pick you up. But I didn't expect to catch a good show." Bright missed her all the time.
	"You didn't come to pick me up but wait until the right time? Bright, did you do that on purpose?" Unsatisfied with his performance, Rose hit him lightly.
	Bright grabbed her small hand and said, "Aren't you afraid that people will see me? So, I was waiting for you in the distance and was ready to pick you up to give you a surprise, but I did not expect that brat was faster than me, and it did give me a surprise. He dared to covet my wife, of course I have to teach him a lesson."
	"Shall we get on first? It's raining harder," said Rose.
	Bright pulled open the door and let Rose in first, and then he got in.
	The driver got on and restarted the car and drove away.
	"You've come to pick me up. Then what about Doris?" Rose took a white towel and wiped Bright's wet left shoulder.
	Just now he was protecting her from the rain, and let her stand under the umbrella so that his left shoulder was wet with the rain.
	"I asked Nora to pick her up. If she wants to see Doris, she'll pick her up."
	Bright took off his suit jacket and Rose took it and folded it carefully.
	"You're a real boss." Rose held the suit in her arms. "It seems that only you can boss around Ms. Cooper."
	"I wouldn't dare boss around Ms. Cooper, but Ms. Cooper can boss around many people," Bright denied.
	"Like Alan?" Rose looked sideways at Bright, who was lounging on the couch. "Nora and Alan's marriage is a family marriage. There is no love in their marriage. If it weren't for that man... Nora would not be so self-indulgent."
	"That man?" Bright frowned curiously, "Who is that man?"
	"Someone that Nora loved." A touch of sadness rose under Rose's eyes.
	"Are they not destined to be with each other? Or is there a betrayal?" Bright was a little more curious today.
	"He's gone, so they are separated forever." Rose lowered her eyes and pinched her fingers. "So that's the hardest thing to face and bear and that's why Nora let herself marry anyone."
	"This is her own choice, and she should bear the consequences of her choice. She is an adult." Bright reached out and wrapped his arm around her shoulder.
	Rose put her head on Bright's shoulder. "So, compared to Nora, I feel very lucky. At least I am with the people I love. It's just that I want Nora to have someone who loves her and cares about her."
	"You should cherish me if you know how good I am." Bright took her hand and put it to his thin lips and kissed it. "I don't think Alan is all bad. At least he cares about Nora and fulfills his duty as a husband."
	"If he really doesn't care about Nora, then he wouldn't her up at the clubhouse on Jayden's birthday, so don't think too much about it. Everyone will have their own happiness sooner or later. It's just a matter of time."
	"Yes," Rose nodded.
	The rain gradually died down. When they reached Nora's, it became a drizzle.
	"Will you come in with me?" Rose got off the car and Bright held the umbrella for her. "It will make you feel uncomfortable if I come without being invited."
	Rose didn't expect Bright to be so "thoughtful" and didn't say anything more. She stood on tiptoe to give him a grateful kiss on his cheek.
	"Oh, that's so... What a display of love affection." Nora's playful voice rang out at this moment.
	Nora wore a nude silk dress with a cross neckline and a loose bow at the waist. Her wavy long hair rested on her shoulder, making her look very charming.
	Alan held the umbrella for Nora, so careful that not a slight drop of rain could land on Nora.
	Rose stood straight after being caught, though her face was a little hot.
	"I will give Rose to you. Take good care of her and not let strangers get close to her!" Bright reminded Nora.
	Seeing that Rose shot a glance at Bright, Nora raised her eyebrows at him.
	Bright seemed to mean more that he said.
Chapter 341 You Don't Know Someone Is Loving You
	Nora pulled Rose over and Alan handed them the other umbrella he was holding.
	Nora took it over and walked with Rose. "What did he mean by not letting any strangers get close to you?" asked Nora in a low voice.
	"I'll talk to you later." Rose thought Bright was so jealous.
	"Let's go in. It's raining outside." Nora looked at Bright and said, "Mr. Lee, please come in."
	"Aren't you afraid I would disturb you?" Bright didn't expect Nora to invite him to the party. After all, he wasn't invited to the party and he wouldn't have the cheek to embarrass himself.
	"Mr. Lee, you have sent Rose to my door. How can I let you go back alone? Besides, it's your woman, so it is better to take care of her yourself, in case of any accident... I can't bear to offend you." Nora didn't want to offend Bright.
	"Nora is always frank and outspoken. Mr. Lee, don't put it to heart. You and Rose are very welcome to our place." Alan mediated between Nora and Bright, "Mr. Lee, please."
	Nora and Rose walked in first, while Alan accompanied Bright behind. After passing a row of bamboo trees, they arrived at the gate.
	The four changed their shoes and entered the living room through the arch.
	When Doris saw Rose and Bright, she ran to them excitedly and hugged them. "Daddy, Mommy."
	"What are you playing with?" Bright bent down and picked Doris up in his arms.
	"Aunt Nora bought me a new present." Doris pointed to a corner of the living room where Nora had made a place for Doris to play in.
	"Let's go and see." Bright went to the children's corner with her daughter in her arms, thoughtfully leaving space for Rose and Nora.
	Besides them, there was Jayden, who greeted Bright by nodding.
	Bright and Doris played the Lego, while Rose set the table with Nora.
	"The strangers thing..." Nora kept that in mind.
	Rose told Nora about Thomas helplessly, "You did guess it right."
	Nora smiled knowingly, "You are loved by the wrong guy, but you just don't know it."
	"Oh, Nora. Could you change the wording? How could I know he would love me?" Rose glared at Nora.
	"I told you, but you don't believe it; otherwise, Bright wouldn't be so jealous."
	That was right. Rose could see how jealous Bright was these days.
	Not long after, dinner was ready and everyone seated themselves.
	The dinner was of delicate western style. Candlestick and flowers made the atmosphere very romantic.
	After the meal, everyone sat in the living room chatting and Nora served some fruit.
	Alan took out two invitation letters and gave them to Jayden and Bright. "Jayden, Mr. Lee. I hope you can attend my grandfather's 80th birthday party next week."
	"Of course." Jayden took the invitation letter. The Clark family and the Way family were in business relationship.
	Although Bright did not have much contact with the Way Family, as the current leader of HY Group and a member of the Lee Family, it was a great honor for the Way Family to invite Bright to the party.
	After eight o 'clock, Bright took Rose and Doris to leave.
	Jayden left as well, and Nora and Alan walked them out.
	But they didn't expect to meet a good show as soon as they went out.
	Nora's and Sky's were not far apart, so they happened to see May drive Sophie out of the house.
	There was a hint of restraint in May's voice. "Sophie, please get out of here now!"
	"Mom, please don't drive me away. It is Sky who lets me live here. He has forgiven and accepted me. I will turn over a new leaf and live a peaceful life with Sky. Please give me a chance." Sophie humbly begged May.
	"Don't call me Mom. I'm not your mother." May corrected her address sharply.
	"Sky and I have not signed the divorce agreement. Legally we are still husband and wife. Whether you like it or not, I should call you mom," Sophie responded cleverly.
	"Sky wouldn't accept you and forgive you, so don't cheat me." May didn't believe a word Sophie said, "Even if he forgives you and accepts you, the Tanner family won't accept you again! Please don't harm us again! Get out of here!"
	May's servants had packed up Sophie's things and thrown them at her feet.
	Sophie looked at the suitcase lying at her feet, and said with tears in her eyes, "Please, Mom, just give me a chance. I really love Sky and I don't want to leave him."
	"And I don't want you to harm him again, so leaving him is the best thing you can do. Just go away! Don't for me to drive you out." May had made up her mind. She would never accept a woman like Sophie.
	Sophie was standing there, big-bellied. She looked rather pathetic in the rain.
	"This is Sky's house, and I am Sky's wife. As long as he does not let me leave, then I will not leave." Sophie looked stern at May, not making any compromise.
	"Since you don't leave, don't blame me for being cruel to you." May said the two people standing behind her, "You, get Ms. Sophie's stuff out of here."
	After receiving the instructions, the two men went forward and took the suitcase to the front door. Then they returned and pulled Sophie away from the yard by force.
	"Don't you touch me! I'm Sky's wife, you can't do this to me!" Sophie shouted at them, but they didn't listen to her. She was anxious and angry. "That's Sky's child in my belly, and if anything happens to the child, you can't afford it!"
	The two men were stunned and looked at May, who continued, "We, the Tanner family, will not admit this bastard!"
	"He's not a bastard; he's a Sky child!" Sophie answered back, "You'll regret it if you hurt me!"
	May didn't want to listen to Sophie's bullshit, so she motioned the two men to drive Sophie out.
	Together, they pulled Sophie out of the gate and closed the door to prevent her from entering.
	Sophie stood in the doorway, patting the door angrily, "Let me in. This is my home with Sky! Why do you do this to me! Open the door and let me in!"
	But no one answered, and just took her as air.
	"Even if you do this to me, I will not leave. I will wait here until Sky comes back!" Sophie clenched her fists, not giving up at all.
	It was not easy for her to let Sky re-accept her and give her a home. She would not leave even if it would cost her life!
Chapter 342 She Didn't Have Any Sister
	Seeing that Sophie was kicked out, Rose asked Nora, "What's the matter with her and Sky?"
	"I don't know, but they made up and lived here." Nora didn't understand what Sky was thinking. "Maybe Sky didn't mind being cuckolded."
	"Sky really has a strange taste," Jayden chuckled and turned to leave first.
	"What Sky decides to do now is none of your business," Nora lowered her voice, "Don't let Mr. Lee get jealous again, or you'll suffer."
	"I was just wondering." Rose knew she shouldn't mind so much. "We'll be leaving."
	Then Rose took Bright's arm and waved to Nora and Alan.
	Sophie turned her head and saw Rose and Bright, Nora and Alan standing nearby.
	Looking at Rose's sunny smile, she felt painful as if her heart was stabbed with thorns.
	Her eyes meet Rose's, but the latter's eyes were calm and cool. However, Sophie felt that Rose was were mocking her because Rose once again saw her most embarrassed look.
	And it wasn't just Rose. There were others, too, who were on Rose's side.
	All her life, she did not want them to see her worst helpless look.
	What May didn't had insulated her many times and made her feel really embarrassed.
	However, she was so deep in love with Sky that no matter what she suffered, she would not bow easily.
	"Rose, are you here to laugh at me?" Sophie's heart was already twisted, so when she saw Rose, she would unconsciously think that Rose looked down upon her.
	Rose didn't want to talk to Sophie at all. Bright took her by the shoulder and walked away, not responding to Sophie.
	But when Rose walked past Sophie to their car, Sophie stood in Rose's way.
	Sophie's hair was wet and she stared at Rose with hatred. "Rose, don't think I don't know what you're thinking. You despise me, don't you? I don't need anyone to look up to me, as long as Sky accepts me."
	"And I don't care what you guys think because he's the only person I care about most."
	Hearing that, Bright wanted to protect Rose and teach Sophie a lesson, but Rose held him back and told him with her eyes that she could solve it by herself.
	"Bright, don't think that I am afraid of you because everyone is afraid of you. I have nothing to lose now and I am not afraid of anything worse," Sophie said.
	"Sophie, are you a mad dog, biting everyone you met?" Rose answered back, "We're human, and humans don't talk to the mad dog."
	Sophie felt ashamed and angry by Rose's scolding.
	"Rose, you and I are sisters. If I am a dog, would my sister be human?" Sophie sneered, striking back calmly.
	"Now you acknowledge me as your sister?" Rose, not offended by Sophie, responded with a smile, "You never acknowledged that we are sisters, if my memory serves me well, and Mom and Dad have denied that you are the daughter of the Linder family, so I don't have any sister!"
	"Even so, you can't change the fact that we share the same blood. You are what I am!" Sophie's heart pained.
	Because Rose married Bright, her status was not what it used to be, so their parents looked up to Rose. However, after Sophie was kicked out by the Tanner family, she lost the support, and her parents didn't care about her anymore.
	Sophie had degraded to such degree and she thought it was because of Rose.
	Rose was Sophie's enemy, and unless Rose died, or Sophie would never be able to have a peaceful mind.
	"Don't think too high of yourself," Bright said, "No one will remember you as the daughter of the Linder family, and they only think Rose as Mrs. Lee."
	As long as Bright spread the news, Sophie would not have a place in this city.
	"Rose, don't think you are noble. You only rely on men to get where you are! You're so cheap that..." Before Sophie finished her words, May slapped her in the face.
	"Sophie, don't blame on Rose, you asked for it! Rose had to leave the country because of you, and it was you who made the Tanner family misunderstand Rose. If you have any conscience you will disappear before our eyes." May's cold face and cold voice to Sophie, no longer had the original love.
	It was the first time Rose had ever seen May so violent and rude, which made her shocked.
	"I won't leave! I'll stay in the Tanner family and be Mrs. Tanner even if I die." Sophie covered her face with her hand, refusing to budge.
	May ignored her and said kindly to Rose, "Rose, I didn't expect to see you here. How about having a coffee in the house?"
	May looked at Bright with her eyes soft. "Mr. Lee, please."
	"Ms. May, it's raining today, and it's getting late. And we have to take care of Doris, so I think another time will be better. I'll treat you to dinner next time." Rose politely declined. This was Sky's residence, and Bright was definitely not willing to go there.
	"Well, we will take the rain check." May did not insist. "Let me see you off."
	"No, Ms. May, it's wet and cold. You'd better go inside."
	"It's fine."
	When Sophie saw that May was so kind to Rose, her hatred to Rose increased a bit.
	Just then Sky came back and his car stopped beside Bright's, so he saw Bright, Rose and May as soon as he got off.
	"Mom, why are you here?" Sky had a social party today, so he came back a little late.
	May wanted to come and see her son, who lived alone, but unexpectedly, she ran into Sophie and was so angry that she threw out all Sophie's stuff.
	"Why can't I come here?" May's face darkened with displeasure. "I wouldn't have known there was such a person in the house if I hadn't come!"
	After Sophie saw Sky, she strode over carefully. She grabbed Sky's arm with tears in her eyes, looking very pitiful. "Sky, please don't let mom drive me out."
	"It's no use even he begs me." May refused.
Chapter 343 I Will Never Accept You
	For Sophie, May's attitude was firm. She would never let her take any advantage of the Tanner family. May hated and resisted Sophie as much as she was nice and trusted Sophie before.
	"Mom, let's go back to the house." Sky did not want to talk about this matter here, after all, Bright and Rose were here.
	"I will go back to the house, but she can't." May's tone was firm.
	"Mom, don't give me a hard time, will you? Sky looked at her grabbing Sophie tightly, and frowned.
	"Sky, it's you who give me a hard time." May remained stern. "If she enters the house, don't recognize me as your mother."
	When Sophie heard what May said, she felt flustered and afraid. She was afraid that Sky would compromise and abandon her.
	"Sky... Don't... don't leave me alone..." Tears rolled down from the corners of Sophie's eyes. She looked so pity that anyone wanted to protect her.
	Sky patted her hand, "Wait for me here."
	"Sky." Sophie didn't want to let go of Sky.
	But Sky let go of her hand, "Listen to me. Be good."
	Sophie could only stay there waiting. That was all she could do.
	"Mom, let's have a talk," Sky stepped forward and said to his mother.
	"I don't have time to talk about her now. It's a waste of time." May refused Sky's request, but invited Rose and Bright again, "Rose, Mr. Lee, now that you have come here, please come in."
	"Ms. May, you'd better settle down your domestic affairs first. I'll ask you out next time, OK?" Rose didn't want to get involved and make Sophie hate her even more.
	In fact, she was not afraid that Sophie would hate her. She had lived a better life now and didn't want Bright to be unhappy.
	Since Rose refused again and again, May didn't force them to stay any longer. Although she was reluctant to let them go, she could only watch Rose and Bright leave.
	May watched their car disappear into the darkness, with tears glistening under her eyes.
	"Mom..." Sky called out.
	May withdrew her eyes and turned away to enter the house.
	"Mom." Sky followed her.
	"I don't want to talk to you about her," said May without looking back.
	Sophie carefully opened the door, followed Sky all the way until she came to the gate. She was already wet all over by the rain.
	The rain dripped down her hair that stuck to her face, and her face was already white.
	When May entered the room, Sky looked at Sophie and said, "Sophie, my mother is angry now. When she calmed down, I will talk to her about us."
	"So, can I go home today?" Sophie looked expectant.
	"Well, it's better to stay in a hotel. I will ask someone to send you there." Sky could only make this arrangement to avoid a direct conflict between his mother and Sophie.
	Sophie's expectation turned into disappointment and sadness. "Sky, I don't want to leave you."
	"I'm not asking you to leave, but it's not urgent. I don't want to choose between you and my mother, but I have to make concession." Sky put his hand on her shoulders, "I will pick you up when I settle down the matter with my parents."
	"What if they don't accept me? Would you listen to them and abandon me?" Sophie's voice was trembling. She was so humble now.
	"Of course not." Sky smiled gently and put the wet hair on her cheek behind her ear. "I will make things clear to them and explain my determination. If they can understand, it is best; if they can't, then I can do as what I should do. I will live my life according to my own wishes. So, Sophie, would you make some sacrifice now for our future?"
	For their future... Would they really have a future?
	Sophie had no confidence at all, and she only felt endlessly lost and empty.
	Sophie wanted to believe in Sky, but the reality was too cruel. She knew well that the Tanner family would not accept her again.
	Sophie let go of Sky's hand. She gritted her teeth and then rushed to the house.
	Sky did not expect Sophie to do so. "Sophie, don't do that."
	He chased Sophie into the living room. May was sitting on the sofa, and just as she picked up a glass of water, she saw Sophie rush in.
	"Who let you in?! Get the hell out of here now!"
	Sky grabbed Sophie and frowned, "Don't be impulsive. Let me solve the matter."
	"Sky, let me try. I won't give up till I try." Sophie looked up at him. "I can handle it."
	Sophie wanted to get rid of Sky's hand, but he didn't let go.
	Sophie knelt down in front of May, but it wouldn't change May's opinion of her at all.
	"This won't work for me." May took a sip of warm water, ignoring Sophie's low posture.
	"Mom, I was wrong, terribly wrong. I'm sorry for the Tanner family and Sky, but I will correct my mistakes. I really love Sky, and I can do anything for him, as long as you don't drive me out of here. Mom, please don't drive me out." Sophie took two steps forward on her knees, closer to May.
	"This child is really Sky's baby, the descendant of the Tanner family. Let's give the child a complete family, shall we?"
	May put down her glass of water and rose, "I am tired and want to rest. You can kneel outside the gate as long as you want. Don't disturb me."
	"You hurt Rose before, and now you hurt us. What you did were despicable and you know it. Do you think that we will have to re-accept you when you make things right? Never! In short, I will never accept you." May got up and headed for the stairs.
	Sophie knelt where she was, looking at May's indifferent back, feeling desperate. May was now the biggest obstacle for her to return to Sky.
	"Get up." Sky reached out and helped Sophie up. "You will only anger my mother even more. Listen to me. I'll take you to your hotel."
	As soon as Sophie got up, she suddenly blacked out and fell into Sky's arms.
Chapter 344 I Don't Want Your Life
	Sophie felt a hand caressing her face. She tried to open her eyes, trying to see him clearly, but she could not open them wide. Her vision was blurred, and she could only see the person's outline vaguely. It was a man.
	"Sophie, you need to take care of yourself while I'm not around," The man said in a soft, loving voice, "Sophie, do you miss me? I miss you, and I miss our child."
	The sound made Sophie nervous all over. She tried to speak but couldn't.
	The man's hand ran from Sophie's face down her neck until it reached her lower abdomen. His palm was pressed against her abdomen and then he asked, "Sophie, you told me that the child is mine. Is that true?"
	Sophie was afraid to breathe, her face slightly pale. She couldn't make a sound, and could only repeatedly nod to express her ideas.
	"That's great. If not... I'll kill you and the baby and bury you with me!" The man's gentle eyes suddenly became fierce, and he grasped Sophie's slender neck.
	Sophie suddenly lost her breath. She struggled desperately, but she could not get rid of the man.
	The man strengthened his hands, and Sophie reached for getting the man's hand off her, but it was in vain. She felt she was suffocating...
	"Timothy, don't kill me, the baby is yours!" Sophie was suddenly able to speak, then she let out a cry and sat up in bed.
	Sophie's face was horribly white, covered with sweat, and she was gasping.
	Was that a dream?
	She dreamed that Timothy was holding her by the neck, trying to kill her.
	She didn't want to die. She didn't want to die at all. She and Sky were back together. Nothing was more important than this.
	"What's the matter? Had a nightmare?" Sky's concerned voice rang in her ears, pulling her thoughts back.
	"No... Oh, yes." Sophie hadn't woken up from the dream completely. Her mind was all messed up.
	Just now she remembered she was calling Timothy's name and saying the baby was his... Could Sky hear that?
	Had he been here the whole time?
	If he heard that, would he let her go again?
	Sophie's eyelashes were trembling in fear. She felt nervous, hoping that Sky did not hear anything.
	"What nightmare did you have? Tell me about it." Sky took a clean white towel to wipe the sweat off her face.
	"I... I'll do it myself." Sophie took the towel in her hand and didn't answer the question.
	"The doctor said you're too weak. That would not be good for the baby." Sky sat down in the chair next to him and stared straight at her face.
	Sophie felt Sky's pressing eyes, but she did not dare to look him straight in the face. She just lowered her eyes and wiped the perspiration on the edge of her neck. Then she said softly, "I see."
	"I seemed to have heard you calling someone's name." Sky mentioned the thing Sophie was most reluctant to mention.
	"Rally?" Sophie smiled stiffly. "I don't know."
	"Of course you don't know. You were dreaming," Sky smiled deeply. "Do you want to know who you called?"
	"No! I don't want to know!" Sophie refused immediately.
	"Really?" Sky smiled. "Why refuse me so directly? It would make me sad."
	"I really don't want to know." Sophie felt that she had been too eager, so she eased up her tone.
	"It was me who you called," Sky said.
	When Sophie heard this answer, she widened her eyes at Sky, clutching the towel in her hand. She felt cold creeping up her back.
	She felt something was wrong, but she couldn't say it.
	"What's the matter? Are you shy?" Sky asked Sophie in a daze.
	Sophie heaved a sigh of relief. It seemed that Sky did not clearly hear that she actually calling Timothy; otherwise, he would not say so.
	"I won't call anyone but you," Sophie smiled shyly.
	"The doctor said you need to take a good rest." Sky got up and said, "Now that you are awake, I am going to handle my business."
	"Yes." Sophie didn't ask Sky to be with her. She just had a nightmare and now she needed time to calm down.
	Sky then left Sophie's ward, and Sophie was completely relaxed.
	She was so focused on being with Sky these days that she forgot Timothy.
	She threatened Timothy with the baby and got away with the crime of kidnapping and murdering Rose.
	Besides, Bright was injured in that accident. The Lee family would not spare Timothy. Even if Timothy would not be sentenced to death, he would be given a life sentence. Therefore, she could live a carefree life with Sky.
	But she had such a bad dream, and suddenly she was worried.
	Sophie picked up her mobile phone to find the number she could contact with Timothy. Then she dialed it. Her heart tightened and she waited for him to answer.
	But no one answered. Sophie looked the cellphone and wondered what was going on with Timothy.
	However, her current physical condition did not allow her to take any more risks, otherwise she would lose the child. Before Timothy was convicted, the child could not have any accident, otherwise she would lose the bargaining chips to threaten him, and she and Sky would not have a peaceful life.
	But Sophie didn't know that Timothy had been released, and hadn't contacted her.
	Timothy walked into a teahouse wearing a hoodie and a baseball cap.
	He said the name of the teahouse box and was led by the waiter to the innermost one on the left of the second floor.
	The waiter opened the door for him. The moment Timothy stepped in he felt the smell of tea. A man was sitting on tatami and a waitress was making tea.
	Timothy walked to the edge of tatami and took off his hat with both hands. "Mr. Lee," greeted Timothy.
	Bright pointed to the empty seat in front of him and said to Timothy, "Take a seat."
	He then told the tea waiter to leave, and the woman left and closed the door.
	Timothy took off his shoes and sat down with a respectful attitude. "You must have something to ask me out with. What's that?" Bright picked up the tea and took it to the tip of his nose for a light sniff. The tea was fragrant and refreshing.
	"Mr. Lee, I did not believe it in the first place, but after this period of time of observation in the dark, I found it was all my wishful thinking." Timothy laughed at himself.
Chapter 345 An Incomplete Family
	Bright didn't answer. He just listened quietly and gently sipped the delicate tea. The tea touched his taste buds and filled his mouth with fragrance.
	Timothy continued, "There are always vicious women, and that's the perfect description about Sophie. I thought that if she has our child, she would treat me with all her heart. Even if she will show me a little bit of kindness, I wouldn't care."
	"But now it seems that she simply regarded me as a usable pawn, and abandoned me when I am useless. She even wants you to kill me. How vicious she is!"
	"I've been following her this period of time, and saw she was happy to be with Sky. When I saw that she could do anything for Sky, I realized that she could be so tender and dedicated to a person, but unluckily, I am not that man. She would only treat Sky kindly."
	"From now on I won't believe a word Sophie says. I won't believe her anymore. That child is not mine..."
	Timothy looked painful. He had lost everything for Sophie. But he was not afraid of losing anything, as long as he could have a family and live a happy life with the woman he loved.
	Sophie created such a happy illusion, and then broke it. He could never be so stupid again.
	"Mr. Fan, this tea is very great. Taste it." Bright rested his nice fingers on the table. "It's bitter at first, but it's sweet when you swallow it. Life is wonderful when the sweet comes after the bitter."
	Timothy took the tea and sipped it. He tasted the sweetness Bright had said. And then he adjusted his mood.
	"Mr. Lee, thank you for letting me go and letting me see through everything. I have nothing but my life. I would do everything for you. But I have one thing to tackle before I die." Timothy grew mature after going through all these sufferings.
	"I don't want your life. I don't need you to risk your life for me." Timothy looked at Bright, waiting for his next words.
	"Then what do you want me to do? I will try my best to do it." Timothy picked up the teapot and refilled the tea for Bright.
	Bright put his fingertips on the rim of the cup, and uttered, "Sky."
	"I see," Timothy nodded. "Sky had always loved Mrs. Lee, even he has married Sophie... He is our common enemy, and I will teach him a lesson this time."
	"I know Mr. Lee is not in a good position to deal with him, but I can do it, so Mr. Lee, you can rest assured that I will not let you down."
	Timothy thought that Bright wanted him to get rid of Sky, and Sky was also a thorn in his side. So, they happened to have the same idea.
	With Bright behind him, he wouldn't be afraid of Sky anymore.
	"Mr. Fan, you misunderstood me," Bright smiled. "I didn't let you to get rid of Sky."
	Timothy froze for a moment, thinking he had heard wrong, "Mr. Lee, don't you hate Sky? He and Mrs. Lee..."
	"He and Mrs. Lee have been friends since childhood, so I understand the friendship between them. I don't need you to criticize them here." Bright smiled coldly.
	Timothy felt Bright's strong aura. The aura was so strong that he felt cold. He didn't dare to say anything.
	"I... I see." Timothy had no choice but to submit.
	"If there is nothing else, I will go first." Bright tried to wipe his fingers with the cloth on the tea table.
	"Mr. Lee... I... I want you to help me." Timothy begged him.
	"What do you want me to do for you?" Bright raised his eyes at Timothy.
	"Sophie has ruined my life, and I'm going to ruin hers, too," said Timothy with hatred and pain in his eyes. His tender love for Sophie had gone.
	Love could make people a lovely angel or a terrible devil.
	Bright chuckled with a slight sneer at Timothy, "Can't you deal with a woman and you need my help?"
	"I... I'm not without confidence, but she's so cunning," said Timothy.
	"Then you must be more cunning than she is." Bright picked up the teacup and played with it on his fingertips. "Mr. Fan, you have to remember how you got your freedom. If you can't even solve your own trivial matter, how can you make me feel you are reliable?"
	Bright let go of his fingers and the cup fell off onto the tea table, breaking into half.
	"That is the end of what are of no use to me. I don't think Mr. Fan wants to be the cup. I am very optimistic about Mr. Fan's ability, and I am sure you will impress me. I'm looking forward to seeing what you would do."
	When Bright left, Timothy sat there for a long time, staring at the cup that had broken into two pieces, recalling what Bright had just said.
	Timothy knew there was no way back. He made it or break it.
	If Sophie was so vicious, then don't blame him for being unkind.
	Bright got into the car and the driver drove away quickly and planned to go back to Asgard Lake Community. However, he received a call from Rose, telling him to go to the Four Seasons Hotel.
	Bright went to the Four Seasons Hotel and went to the box Rose told him.
	The waiter at the door pushed the door open for him. As Bright entered, he passed through a carved screen and saw his parents and Rose's parents gather around a table.
	Rose stood up and said to Bright, "Here you are."
	Bright held her hand and looked at Chandler, Hallie, Chandler, and Joy. He knew what was going on.
	It seemed that Chandler and Joy couldn't wait to officially certify the marriage with the Lee family, so they had invited his parents.
	As long as the relationship between the Linder family and the Lee family was made public, the Linder family would have nothing to worry in the future. What a good plan.
	"Bright, I have invited your parents to have a nice family dinner together," said Chandler. No one could would dare to anger Bright.
	Even though Bright was his legal son-in-law, he couldn't feel at ease.
	"It's my neglect. We should have had a meal earlier. If the father-in-law has told me early, I could make some preparation. Since it is a family dinner, it seems you have forgotten one person." Bright took Rose by the hand and did not sit down.
	"Who?" asked Francis.
Chapter 346 Give Them a Big Wedding
	Bright's cold eyes scanned all the people present and Chandler and Joy avoided his gaze guiltily.
	Chandler and Joy had wanted to arrange the dinner for a long time. But they didn't inform Bright and Rose in advance, which showed no respect to Bright.
	They were afraid that Bright would lose his temper. Even if he did not, his cold eyes were so sharp that they felt nervous.
	"Rose's grandmother, Jennifer, and grandfather, who are Rose's family, together with my grandmother, should have been at the dinner. Besides, Jennifer knows my grandma. Wouldn't it be nice to get together?" Bright said coldly to Chandler and Joy.
	"Your grandma is in Switzerland. It's too late to come now. There's a chance next time." Francis received a call from Chandler out of the blue, so it was too late to tell his mother who was abroad.
	"Bright, Grandma has always been in poor health. That's why I didn't inform Grandma. I was thoughtless," Joy said.
	"I'm afraid it's not our fault if Grandma knows about this." Bright meant more than he said, which made Chandler sweat all over.
	"I'll talk to your grandmother about this. You don't have to worry." Francis said to Bright. Chandler and Joy were so relieved.
	"As for Rose's grandmother and grandfather, if they are in City H, let's invite them over. The more people here, the happier."
	Bright nodded. "Since then, I'll ask someone to send them over."
	Rose pulled Bright gently and whispered in his ear, "Grandpa doesn't want to see my mom."
	Rose knew that her Grandpa didn't like her mother from normal chatting."
	Bright didn't know about that. He had been thoughtless this time. But on such occasion, those who were closest to Rose should be here.
	"That's all right. I think Grandpa would like to join us because this is about us." He wanted to fulfill Grandpa's wish. "Let's ask Grandpa for his opinion. If he doesn't want to come, let him stay at home. It's better if he could come."
	Rose acquiesced in his mind.
	Bright first pulled out the chair for Rose and helped her sit.
	He made a call to Bill and asked him to get both Jennifer and Grandpa. Of course, their wishes were more important and must be respected.
	"It will take some time to pick up the two elders, so let's wait patiently." Bright took a sip of the water in a relaxed manner.
	Chandler and Joy were a little fidgety.
	They had never mentioned this to Jennifer. She had no idea that they were going to talk about Bright and Rose's marriage.
	Only when Bright and Rose had a wedding could Rose be fair and square in the Lee family. The news should be known not only to the Lee family but also to outsiders.
	In this way, everyone would know the relationship between the Linder family and the Lee family. If they could establish relation with the Lee family, countless good things would come.
	For this, Chandler and Joy even skipped Bright and directly informed Francis just because they knew that Francis was in City H recently, so they directly invited Bright's parents to have a dinner.
	"They are elders. It doesn't matter if we wait," Chandler laughed with him.
	It was a precedent to keep Francis and Bright waiting.
	Chandler was very nervous. He didn't want to keep Francis waiting.
	He stole a glance at Francis, who showed no expressions on his face, but Chandler wondered whether Francis had blamed him.
	Joy, of course, was not willing to face her father whom she had not seen for many years. The estrangement between her and her father made them unable to get close to each other, which naturally made her feel uncomfortable. But she did not dare to say anything.
	During the waiting period, Bright was considerate to Rose, just like a perfect husband.
	Half an hour later, Bill sent Jennifer and Grandpa to the Hotel. Bright and Rose got up immediately when they saw them. Then Rose hugged Grandma and Grandpa.
	"Grandma, Grandpa."
	"Why weren't we informed of such a big thing?" asked Grandma.
	"That's why we bring you here," Rose said, holding her grandmother, "Even if I forget you, Bright won't."
	Rose looked at Bright, so did Jennifer. And then Jennifer said with a smile, "I knew Bright would never forget us. They always say if you marry a man, you have to know his character. I am confident if Bright's character."
	"Does Grandma think I'm not good?" Rose pretended to be unhappy.
	"How can we. Both of you are good, right?" Grandma asked, looking at Grandpa, who had not spoken.
	"Yes, both of them are good." Grandfather also agreed.
	"Grandma, Grandpa, take a seat." Bright gently pulled out the chairs for them.
	Grandma and grandpa took their seats one by one. And now everyone was here.
	Grandfather swept Joy out of the corner of his eye. He did not think he would meet his daughter in such an occasion after so many years, but he could not accept her choice in his heart.
	He wouldn't have come if it hadn't been for Rose's marriage to Bright, but it was a happy occasion for Rose and he was willing to come.
	Chandler and Joy did not talk to Grandpa. Chandler knew that Grandpa did not like him, while Joy was not accepted by her father. Therefore, they didn't want to receive a cold shoulder.
	"Grandma, Grandpa, this is my father, and that's my father's wife, Aunt Hallie." Bright introduced his parents to Grandpa, and then said, "Dad, Aunt Hallie, this is Rose's grandmother, Jennifer Linder and Grandfather, Wilfred Young."
	After the introduction, they could have some understanding of each other.
	"I have something to say since all of you are here today. Originally this marriage should be raised by us, but we have put the things off. But now that they've gotten the marriage certificate and have a baby, Rose is part of the Lee family, and we would give Rose and Bright a wedding," Francis had recognized Rose as his daughter-in-law, which was a great comfort for the Linder family.
	"I have already asked my wife to arrange their wedding and will ask the best wedding planning company to do it and give them a big wedding. If you have any suggestions, just tell my wife, and since it is such a happy event, we can share our opinions."
	"I think if the wedding is left to a professional wedding planning company, it will be fantastic."
Chapter 347 It Was Her Luck to Marry Him
	Chandler was very satisfied with this arrangement. Anyway, for him, what he wanted was not the process, but the result, and the result was just good for him.
	"We cooperate with what you do."
	"Whether the wedding is grandiose is not the most important. What the most important is that Bright treats my Rose well. Of course, I am confident in Bright's personality. As long as Rose is happy, everything will be fine." Jennifer knew that her granddaughter would never be a superficial person.
	Jennifer had spoken out Grandpa's mind, "I also hope that Bright could treat Rose well. We are too old to be with Rose all the time, so we want to have someone who can love her. I also believe that Bright can do it, then we won't have any regrets."
	Grandma agreed, giving Grandpa a thumbs-up. "You are so right. We are going to leave Rose one day, and the only thing we want is to have someone to love her."
	Speaking here, Grandma looked at Rose with loving eyes.
	Rose suddenly felt an inexplicable sadness and discomfort in her heart. Although they had talked about the happy event today, why did Rose have a sad feeling that her grandparents would leave her?
	"Grandma, grandpa, you are always be with me and love me," Rose's eyes were red. "Who would help me if he bullies me when you leave me?"
	"Why would Bright bully you?" Jennifer and Grandpa looked incredulous.
	"How can I bully you?" Bright took her hand. "Only a weak man would bully his wife. I am not that kind of man."
	"We all trust Bright to stand up for anything and wouldn't let you suffer any harm, so Rose has to be a good wife. A happy home needs both of you." Grandma took Rose's hand and said earnestly, "Rose, is your luck to marry Bright. Remember what Grandma said."
	"Yes." Rose nodded slightly, with complex feelings.
	And then Francis spoke again, "Since the wedding has been put on the agenda, the Lee family will give Rose a grandiose wedding. Rose would have what others have, and the Lee family will give what others do not."
	Hallie took out a red-and-gold list from her bag and handed it to Francis.
	Francis put the gift list to Chandler, "This is the dowry gift prepared by the Lee family. Do you agree with it?"
	Chandler looked at the gift list in front of him and said, "Oh, you are too generous."
	"We're a family now, in-laws." Francis said.
	Chandler smiled and nodded, "Yes, yes."
	He picked up the gift list and opened and read it line by line. Chandler's eyes were full of surprise and could not hide his happiness.
	Joy also leaned over and took a look at the above contents. Her eyes opened wide and she was overjoyed.
	The Lee family was the noblest family in the City J. The gift they offered outshone those so-called high-class families.
	Rose looked at her parents with indifference. She could see the greed in their eyes.
	This made her very unhappy, as if she were a commodity that they had sold and had been paid more than it was worth.
	Bright observed her mind and held her hand under the table, motioning her not to take it to heart.
	The generosity of the Lee family was out of the value and recognition of Rose, which was full of sincerity.
	When Chandler finished reading it, he took a deep breath and tried to hold back the joy in his heart, trying to be calm.
	"If the in-laws feel that there is something you are not satisfied with, just say it out." Francis was very generous, as if those things of great value meant nothing to the Lee family.
	"I want to thank my in-laws for taking Rose so seriously and treating her so well. We are totally satisfied with it." Chandler felt guilty about the dowry.
	They didn't expect Rose to have such an honor. What a noble status she had?!
	"Mr. Chandler, you don't have to be like that. Now that Rose is married to me, everything that I have is naturally hers." Bright interrupted, "Rose is the apple in my eye."
	Bright meant that never ever try to bully Rose, otherwise, you would have no good ending.
	"Can I say something?" Rose had something to say, "Bright and I got our marriage certificate three years ago and we've already had a kid. I don't want to be extravagant and wasteful about our wedding, so I want everything to be simple."
	Anyway, she just wanted to fulfill her grandfather's wish, so as to let him see her happily get married in his lifetime.
	"And since the Lee family has made these dowry gifts, we, the Linder family, should also give them the dowry. That's the etiquette." Rose turned to look at Chandler and Joy, "Mom, Dad, right?"
	Chandler and Joy didn't expect Linder to make such a request, but what they could offer was nothing in the eyes of the Lee family.
	In the face of the dowry of the Lee family, their dowry would be too shabby. Rose had given them a difficult problem.
	"Yes, the Linder family is marrying the daughter to Bright, not selling, so we should give the Lee family some dowry." Jennifer was on Rose's side.
	Grandpa took a green passbook out of his coat pocket and put it on the table, then he pushed it to Rose and said, "Rose, Grandpa doesn't have anything to offer you as a wedding present. This is the money I have saved over the years with your grandmother. You can buy everything you like, just take it as my gift for you."
	"Grandpa, I can't take it," declined Rose.
	"Be good, you have taken good care of me every day, and I don't have to care about my life. I don't need to use money anyway, so just take it. There is not much." Grandpa insisted that she take it.
	Bright took the passbook from it and said, "Grandpa, I'll take it for Rose."
	Grandpa smiled brightly.
	Grandma also took out a jewelry box, which included a full set of emerald jewelry. That was her collection.
	"It is handed down from my ancestors and when I got married, they were passed to me. She gave it to me when she got married. Now I am giving it to you." Grandma gave her jewelry to Rose.
	What Grandma and Grandpa did made Chandler and Joy attach importance to the dowry issue.
	"Mr. and Mrs. Lee, we are not ready for the dowry. When we are, we will show you." Chandler felt ashamed.
	Ross was not afraid of losing face. Now she just wanted to make Chandler lose face.
Chapter 348 She Wants Five Percent of the Linder Group Share
	Francis didn't really care how much dowry Chandler could give them because what the Linder family could offer was not comparable to what the Lee family had offered.
	"In-laws, don't pay attention to the dowry." Francis didn't really care about that.
	But Rose did not want Chandler and Joy to use her like this without paying price. She was not reconciled because her parents got greedier.
	"Dad, this is Rose's dowry. Rose should decide whether to prepare it or not." Bright saw through Rose's mind at a glance.
	Francis looked at Rose. Realizing that he had been ignoring his daughter-in-law, Francis said, "You're right. It's up to Rose."
	"Father, I consider this dowry as our respect and love to Bright, no matter whether it is expensive or not," Rose first said to Francis and then to Chandler, "Dad, since the Lee family has shown such great sincerity, I don't think you should treat it too lightly. No matter how much you prepare for me, the dowry will be shared by Bright and me."
	"And aren't you pleased with Bright? Since I have found you such a good son-in-law, shouldn't you award me? Otherwise, Bright will think you don't like him. Is it Darling?"
	Rose smiled the whole time, as if making a joke, making Chandler and Joy have no chance to back down.
	If Chandler did not prepare any dowry, or did a poor job, it would not only be considered that he was not satisfied with Rose, but also he did not like Bright. They would not do anything to offend Bright, so Chandler had to show sincerity no matter what.
	"How come... How come I am not satisfied with Bright?" Chandler was in a dilemma. He was so nervous that his back was wet with sweat, "Your mother and I are very satisfied with Bright. Of course, it takes more time to select and prepare for this dowry to show our sincerity."
	Rose smiled sweetly, but in her heart, she could not show much affection for her parents.
	When they had given up her five years ago, she had also given up her parents. Apart from that poor blood connection, they were truly strangers in affection.
	"Mom and Dad, you gave Sophie 5% share of the Linder Group when she married Sky, so I think you will do the same, right? So, I am going to have what Sophie could get." Rose would not be soft on them. She would not be generous when she had to fight for her own rights.
	Chandler and Joy were stunned, not expecting Rose to mention it.
	In fact, of course, if Rose had married Sky, the 5% shares would have been her dowry, but things were unpredictable and they would expect there would be so many twists and turns.
	When Rose had such scandal it those days, she made the Linder family and the Tanner family lose face, but Sophie saved the Linder family, and by marrying Sky, maintained the relationship with the Tanner family, avoiding the two families to go against each other. Otherwise, how could the Linder family work with the Tanner family?
	Therefore, they loved Sophie so much that they honored her with 5% share of the Linder Group as dowry to the Tanner family and to Sky.
	Now Rose had made even more achievements than Sophie, turning Bright into their son-in-law. This was a good man every family would like. Chandler and Joy would laugh even when they fell asleep.
	But when it came to the matter of the shares, they balked.
	It was not that they didn't care about Bright, but that they knew Rose wasn't as obedient as Sophie was. Since they kicked Rose out of the Linder family, they had never treated her as a true daughter.
	The years of separation had alienated them, and Chandler and Joy couldn't really trust Rose with their 5% share.
	"Dad, Mom, what's wrong with you? If it's too difficult, forget it." When Rose saw that they were hesitating, she pretended to give up.
	"Chandler, you can't be so biased. If Rose had married first, she would have had five percent of the shares. Since Sophie has gotten the dowry of 5% share in the Linder Group, Rose should have as well. Or I'll be the first to object you." Jennifer would always be on Rose's side.
	Rose thanked her grandmother for her trust and love. She could only the family love in grandma.
	"Joy, Rose is your daughter as well. You should treat her fairly." Grandfather also said for his daughter. He had never spoken to his daughter all these years.
	"Mom and Dad, you can rest assured. Chandler and I know what to do." It was also the first time for Joy to talk to her father these years, and her eyes were a bit red.
	"Rose, it's not difficult. You would have what Sophie had, and even more and better." As Jennifer and Grandpa had spoken for Rose, Chandler dared not have any objection in the face of Francis and Bright.
	"Thank you." Rose was pleased with their answer.
	Only with the shares, could she do what she wanted.
	"Don't be so polite."
	The matter of dowry was solved, and the waiter had served food, so everyone had dinner.
	The wedding was formally put on the agenda, and would not be delayed.
	After dinner, Bright and Rose went out with Grandpa. However, Grandpa suddenly fainted and had to be sent to the doctor.
	Joy was shocked when her father fainted. Chandler took his mother home first, and Joy followed o the hospital with Bright and Rose.
	After father went through the rescue and was sent to the ward, Joy looked at her emaciated father, his gaunt and aging face, and the thin transparent tube connected to her father's body... She was full of grief.
	"What's wrong with your grandfather?" Joy asked Rose.
	"In all these years you never went back to see Grandpa, and never called him... You didn't even go back to your mother when she died... And now you are concerned about Grandpa? Isn't that ridiculous?" Rose sat there blankly, her eyes covered with sadness.
	"Rose, every time I called your grandparents, they hung up the phone when they heard my voice. I used to go back home, but they wouldn't let me in. They even drove me out and threw my things away... They made me lose face in the whole village..."
Chapter 349 Live and Death Are Natural Stages in Life
	Joy began to tell the past grievances, "Your grandparents did not leave me any face, and I will only face their endless blame when I went back..."
	"They don't want to see me, they don't even take me as their daughter, so it's not that I don't want to go back but they don't want to see me. I don't want to go back and mess things up. Your grandpa didn't tell me my mother had died. I didn't know about it, and if I did, I'd have gone back..."
	"And did you ever wonder why they didn't want to see you?" Rose looked at Joy with cold and resentment. "How nice my grandparents are. You don't want to recognize them because they are from the countryside and because you like the bustling big city and the rich men, and you did something that crossed bottom line!"
	"My grandparents have never done a bad thing in their life, but you killed a person and let them down. How could they forgive the mistakes you made!? So, my grandparents couldn't face a daughter like you! And they couldn't face their own conscience even more!"
	"You... You know all about that? Your grandfather told you?" Joy remembered once...
	"Grandpa didn't say anything, but do you think I would be kept in the dark forever? I'm not the little girl who didn't know everything, and I'm not the Rose I was." Rose's eyes were sharp as a knife, piercing into Joy's heart.
	But Joy's heart had long been hard like a stone. She wouldn't take these things to heart and wouldn't feel sad or guilty.
	"All these have passed. That man's death had nothing to do with me. Why do you have to blame me for this? I didn't like him at all. I wanted to be with your dad. Don't I have the right to choose my own love and marriage?" Joy argued with Rose.
	"Do you think you would have been the lady of the Linder family if I hadn't made the right choice? Would you have such a good life and good education from an early age? Will you have a childhood friendship with Sky or even marry Bright?"
	"If it is without me, you would never have been so successful as you are today! So, Rose you don't have the right to criticize me!"
	"So, you did it all for me? I do thank you!" Rose chuckled sarcastically, "I didn't expect my own mother to be like that. What a master at making excuses. What a master at turning things upside down!"
	"You know what? I am where I am today because I made the right choice. It has nothing to do with you! It's my luck to marry Bright!"
	"Rose, it should be my lucky to marry you." Bright finished the procedure and went to the VIP room. "It was your good will that brought you luck and then brought you to me."
	Bright stepped forward and stood beside Rose, holding around her shoulder to protect her.
	Seeing that Bright had come in, Joy pressed her lips and changed the subject. "What's wrong with Grandpa? I'm his daughter and I have the right to know what happened. If you won't tell me, then I'll ask the doctor. He'll tell me."
	Joy lowered her head slightly and was about to walk away from Rose.
	"I don't think you can get anything out of it, so don't make the trip in vain." Bright spoke softly. No one would tell Joy the truth as long as he didn't want her to know about it.
	Joy stopped. She knew what Bright said must be true.
	"Grandpa's illness has nothing to do with the past, so why don't you tell me?" Joy said helplessly, "I know my father doesn't want to see me, and I didn't have much time to take care of him. But now that I know he is sick, I hope I can do something for him."
	"Is it true that Grandfather's illness has nothing to do with you?" Rose repressed the sadness in her heart, "That matter you thought has passed have never passed in the hearts of my grandparents. Only you think it has passed."
	"They kept it in their hearts, and suffered from it every day... And you happily married Dad and lived your happy life. Grandma has died... Now Grandpa is counting his days. Are you satisfied?"
	Joy was shocked. She didn't believe what Rose said.
	After a while, Joy said, "It can't be. You must be lying."
	"If you think I'm lying, then why ask me?" Rose sneered, "Mrs. Linder, please come back. I don't think this place is suitable for you."
	"Rose..." Joy muttered, "I didn't mean that, but grandpa has always been in good health."
	"No matter how good he is, it cannot withstand a heavy blow, and the daily torture of the soul. This is caused by you! Grandma and Grandpa don't want to see you, and so do I!" Rose spoke out her dislike for Joy directly, "Get away, right now!"
	Chandler opened the door and saw Rose driving Joy away, so he asked, "What are you doing?"
	"You came just in time. Take your wife away," Rose said to Chandler.
	"What's wrong with Grandpa?" Chandler then asked.
	"That's not your concern," Rose responded coldly.
	Bright helped Rose to sit down to calm down and said to Chandler and Joy, "You guys come outside with me and leave her alone."
	Chandler and Joy followed Bright outside. Chandler looked at Bright blankly and said, "What's going on here?"
	"She doesn't want anyone to know about Grandpa's illness. Rose and I are here to take care of him. You can go back. Don't worry." Bright was polite to them. After all, he was nominally their son-in-law, so he didn't want to push them too hard.
	"Then let us know if something happens to Grandpa, or if he needs us." Joy knew that staying here was useless. As long as Bright and Rose didn't want to talk about it, she wouldn't know anything if she wanted to. "I will come to see Grandpa when he wakes up."
	After seeing off Chandler and Joy, Bright was back in the hospital room.
	Rose had come to her grandfather's bed, holding his hands and looking at him tearfully, feeling very depressed.
	"Life and death are the normal stages of live, Rose, try to accept it." Bright understood her feelings.
	The doctor said grandfather's conditions would be deteriorated if he fainted. That meant they were closer to death.
	"I see, but I couldn't part with Grandpa." She pressed her forehead on her grandfather's hand, and closed her eyes.
	"I didn't ask you to give up." Bright comforted her.
	"Grandpa... His hand moved." Rose's eyes were filled with surprise and tears.
Chapter 350 You and Mr. Lee Must Be Happy
	Grandpa's hand moved again, and then his eyes opened slowly, seeing Rose and Bright standing by his bed.
	"Grandpa, you finally woke up." Rose held back her tears and smiled so as not to let her grandfather worry.
	Grandfather looked over Rose and said to Bright, "I made you worry about me again."
	"Grandpa, your waking up is better than anything." Bright put his hand on Rose's shoulder and patted gently.
	Rose nodded, "Grandpa, how are you feeling? Are you all right? If there's anything wrong? I'll call a doctor."
	"No, I'm fine. I'm just tired and want to get some sleep." Grandfather shook his head, looking at the two of them, who were also a little tired. "Please go back and rest. Doris is at home alone, and nanny may not be able to coax her."
	"It's all right, Doris is a good girl," Rose said. "I just want to spend more time with you."
	"Grandpa, if you're tired, just take a rest. Rose and I will go back soon." Bright understood Grandpa's wish. He wanted them to go home and didn't want to cause them too much trouble.
	Grandfather nodded, slowly closed his eyes and continued to rest.
	Bright patted Rose on the shoulder, pulled her to her feet, and motioned her to go to the break room to have a talk.
	When they went to the break room, Bright said, "Let's go back. Grandpa will be under pressure if we are here. He will only feel relaxed when we leave, and there are professional careers to take care of him. If anything happens, the hospital will inform us in the first time."
	Grandpa had just woken up and wanted to rest again, just to escape and not to face them.
	Grandfather always felt that he had been counting his days and that his illness could only cause them trouble. He was a strong man and didn't want to rely too much on others.
	Rose could see that, so she agreed with Bright, "Yes."
	Bright and Rose told Grandpa that they would come to see him tomorrow morning and then they left.
	When they got home, Doris had gone to bed. But they still went to Doris's room to see her. After kissing their daughter, they dragged themselves back to their room and then went to bed.
	Rose was always in a low mood because of her grandfather's affairs. She thought her grandfather could have more chances to live, but he had already put life and death aside and chose to let nature take its course.
	They had their own minds, and Bright was caught in the middle.
	"The most important thing in life is to live happily." Bright didn't want Rose to be sad, "Grandpa understands your mind, but he has his own choice."
	"I couldn't watch my grandfather fall over and over again... Every time he falls, he comes closer to death. I can't bear it." Rose's heart seemed to be held by an invisible hand, and at the thought of it, she felt so painful that she could not breathe.
	"My grandfather is my family, the one who has always loved me since childhood."
	"I know. But it is Grandpa's choice." Bright reminded.
	Unless they could change Grandpa's mind, otherwise they couldn't really change the situation.
	Rose sighed, and she felt really helpless.
	"Don't think too much about it. Have a rest."
	Bright had barely finished speaking when Rose's phone rang. It was from May.
	Rose stared at the name on her phone for several seconds before she picked it up.
	"Ms. May, what's up?" Rose calmed herself down and spoke in a calmer tone.
	"Rose, I'm sorry to bother you so late... but I have no choice but to call you." May said apologetically in fear that Rose would dislike her.
	Rose did not interrupt, but listened quietly to what May had to say.
	"Sky insisted on taking Sophie back and didn't want to get a divorce... I can't persuade him. His father will be furious if he finds out about it. What Sophie did couldn't be accepted and forgiven by the Tanner family ..."
	"I don't want Sky and my husband to have quarrels because of this vicious woman. So, Rose, please help me persuade Sky to break up with Sophie. I don't want her to affect the Tanner family and Sky anymore."
	"Sky won't listen to us. But you grew up together, so he might listen to you. Rose, please help me."
	May was very sincere. It was her last resort.
	Rose was silent for a while and then replied, "Ms. May, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid there's nothing I can do about it."
	"Rose, are you afraid that Mr. Lee will get angry and misunderstand you? I know it is a little hard for me to do this, but the only person Sky will listen to is you because you saved his life. If Mr. Lee misunderstands you, I will go and make it clear to him that I only want your help and have no other ideas." May also understood that Rose had her own views and concerns.
	After all, Sky and Rose used to be fiancées, so Sky could be regarded as Bright's rival in love. Few men could bear their wives to have any contact with their rivals in love.
	"Ms. May, first of all, I really don't want Bright to misunderstand me and make him unhappy, so I won't go. Second, this is Sky's business and his choice, and we have no right to interfere."
	"Thirdly, this is a matter between him and Sophie, so it is unnecessary for others to dissuade him. And fourth, I don't think I have the power to change his mind because he's an adult and he can take responsibility for his own choices."
	Rose listed the four reasons calmly in one breath, leaving May at a loss for words.
	"Rose, it's rude of me to make such a request without thinking too much about you, but Sky is my son, and I don't want him to be ruined by Sophie again. The only person I can turn to is you. I'm sorry, Rose. Just forget what I said." May was very sad, but she did not want to push Rose anymore.
	"I have one word to say, I have never thought to destroy your life with Mr. Lee, nor have I thought that Sky can start with you again, but I still treat you as my family in my heart."
	It was also May's wish that Rose and Bright could live a live a happy life together.
	"Rose, you and Mr. Lee must be happy." This was her blessing to Rose.
Chapter 351 You Don't Believe Me?
	After May finished her words, she hung up the phone.
	Rose gripped the phone tightly, frowning, and felt that what she said was just like her last testament.
	Seeing Rose frozen, Bright kept silent.
	He took the phone from her hand and placed it by the bed. He asked, "Did May call you to let you persuade Sky to break up with Sophie?"
	Bright was so smart that he could deduce everything from her words.
	Rose had to nod her head and said, "I refused her."
	"I have known that and you have made so many excuses." Bright smiled, "You don't need to be so nervous. I believe you can handle it well. This time I am so satisfied."
	Bright took her in his arms and kissed on her cheek.
	Rose was angry, "What are you doing?"
	It seemed that she did so in order to get his praise and recognition, but it was not the truth. She just didn't want him to misunderstand and be unhappy because she cared him so much.
	That was the respect for him.
	"I am just kissing you." He said deservedly with pride.
	She turned her head and glanced at his face with the corner of her eyes, "I should never involve in such things. In addition, it is difficult for me to judge other's domestic affairs. I have self-knowledge and I won't do a thankless task. Moreover, my energy is limited so that I cannot manage so many things simultaneously and I am not as kind as Virgin Mary."
	"Though I don't like Sophie and want to fight against her, I won't do this because it is too stupid."
	Rose was so clear about the situation.
	Now that she was married with Bright, she should give most respect to him rather than get tangled up with Sky so that nobody could frame her.
	"Somebody will deal with her." There was an extra meaning in his words.
	Rose was not a fool and she asked, "Do you mean Timothy?"
	"We have the common enemy." Bright held her hand and fondled her fingers, "He has been released."
	"He nearly killed you. Why did you release him? Just to deal with Sophie? He is so dangerous. Aren't you afraid that he will do something worse?" Rose was so shocked.
	"Don't worry. Now that I can release him, I can also get him jailed again." He kissed her hands, "Don't you believe me?"
	"I didn't mean that. He has no way back now. I am afraid that he will do something radical at all hazards. I don't want you to be hurt again." Though she had great confidence in Bright, he is just a man but not a god and there is always something he can't handle."
	"Take it easy. He will only be radical against Sophie." His voice was low and soft, which was just like honey flowing into her heart and made her happy in a flash.
	He kissed on her neck and she couldn't refuse his touch. Quivering, she was pulled into a wonderful world, where there was only Bright.
	The next morning Bright sent Rose to the hospital and then brought Doris to the kindergarten. Therefore, he didn't accompany her to grandpa's ward until he got off work.
	Rose saw Joy the moment she entered the ward and Joy had brought breakfast to grandpa.
	"Dad, I cooked the porridge for you. Have a try." Joy begged him.
	Rose grasped the insulation bucket tightly and walked towards her after a deep breath, "I can't imagine that the noble Joy will get up early to cook breakfast. It's kind of you!"
	Rose put the bucket on the table next to the bed and said, "Grandpa, this is the breakfast for you."
	Grandpa smiled and nodded before saying to Joy, "Thank you for your visit. Please go back. I can't afford your kindness."
	"Dad! This is what a daughter should do." Joy continued to persuade him, "Just try a bit of it."
	"Rose, I am hungry. Where is your porridge?" Grandpa did not glance at Joy, but was gentle with Rose.
	"Here!" Rose poured the porridge into a bowl and gave it to grandpa, "Be careful. It is hot."
	He took the bowl and ate with a spoon. He was so happy that his face was full of satisfaction, "Delicious!"
	Rose smiled, "Take more if you like it. Here are still some left."
	Their interaction was so warm that Joy was just like a stranger. She was envious and a little bit angry.
	"Dad, take a rest and I will see you tomorrow." Joy was helpless and chose to leave.
	"Take your porridge with you." Grandpa said in a low voice.
	"This is a little token of my affection. If you don't like it, you can dispose it as you wish." Joy left, which looked lonely.
	After breakfast, Rose washed the dishes and saw him look outside and his eyes were vacant. It seemed that he was thinking of something.
	"Grandpa." Rose called softly.
	He didn't move, but his eyes focused again, "Rose, sit down please."
	Rose did as told and stared at his white hair.
	"Before your mom knew Chandler, she had a boyfriend called Zach Yin, who was her classmate in college. After graduating from college, your mom and Zach came back to village and became village officials. Zach treated your mom well and he would rather stay in the village to take care of your grandma and me than go home. When they were ready to get married, your mom met Chandler. In a campaign, your mom was invited to be the emcee and at that time Chandler was so wealthy and charming that so many girls liked him. Besides, he had already had a girlfriend. However, your mom was just like an idiot hoping to marry him and followed him to the City H. Then she broke up with Zach on the phone. Zach didn't agree and he just wanted to see your mom, but your mom told him to wait until she was available."
Chapter 352 This Was Their Willing Choice
	Grandpa paused for a while and continued to say, "Zach kept waiting for your mom. Three months later, she came back, but she had changed. She broke up with Zach face to face and told him that she had found her Mr. Right.
	Zach hoped that she could give it careful thought and he gave her one year to think about it. However, your mom had made up her mind and even threw money at his face, asking him how much he needed to break up with her.
	Seeing Zach was badly hurt by your mom, your grandma and I disagreed. We locked her in and did not let her go. Seeing that, Zach agreed to break up. However, we were responsible for her changes. She scolded him for destroying her and her happiness.
	Your mom said it was because of him that we disagreed with her. She even asked Zach to die so that she could be free. She told us that she had been pregnant and the baby should be you.
	The next day, Zach's body was found by the river… He had been taking care of us for a long time and we had regarded him as our son. When he died, your grandma and I were heartbroken.
	However, your mom was unrepentant. We let her kneeled down at the grave and apologized to Zach, but she was unwilling and even said that he deserved it and his existence was a threat.
	We gave her a few slaps on the ear and cut our bond. She was banished, but in fact, she had already been unwilling to stay there.
	She said that after meeting Chandler, she knew the world was so wonderful. What he gave her were happiness and satisfaction she had never experienced. She said loving money had nothing wrong, and she also loved the man.
	She didn't belong to the poor village. She should fly to a more wonderful world, where she should stay.
	She also said Zach could give her nothing, neither could his love. She not only needed love, but also respect and power.
	Now she made it and she thought she was right.
	Your mom just left. We would rather our daughter was dead than became like this.
	And Zach was so innocent. Your mom should be responsible for his death. As her parents, the sense of guilt can never be got over. Until now, I cannot forgive her… Rose, shall I forgive her?"
	"Grandpa, this was their willing choice, so please don't torture yourself." Rose's eyes were moist after hearing his words, "Forgiving her is to let yourself go."
	Though she thought Joy should never be forgiven, she didn't want grandpa to blame himself for Zach's death so that he was tortured all along.
	"Rose, we didn't raise your mom well, so that she would make such a big mistake. She can pretend nothing has happened, but we cannot. We have never done anything wrong in our lives, but we are just responsible for Zach's death." He sighed with a bitter smile, "This is what I deserve."
	Rose was thinking about how much Zach loved her mom so that he could even give up his life.
	If it were Rose, she would never do so. However deeply she loved someone. If that guy didn't love her, she was unwilling to make herself lowly.
	She would just turn around and leave. Though she might be attacked by such a love every day, she had to bear it alone.
	"Grandpa, if that's the case, shall I also be responsible?" Rose bowed her head, "If she hadn't had the baby, things might be different."
	"You were just a cell at that time and you didn't know anything. It was not your fault. The fault was that your mom was too cruel and eager to the upper class, so that she could do anything." His eyes were complicated, looking painful and also tender, "The reason why I didn't say before was that I was afraid you would think too much."
	"Now I think you have the rights to know everything about your mom, or nobody will know her past after I pass away. Of course, I don't tell you to hate her. I just want you to know what kind of person she is. I don't want you to suffer."
	As for Joy's cattiness, Rose had already seen it.
	When Rose, her own daughter was of no value to her, Joy scolded and drove her out.
	Rose had known anything.
	"Grandpa, I understand you care about me." Rose gave him a big smile, "Don't worry. I will take care of myself. I just don't want to hear you say anything sad. I hope I can always be with you."
	"Great! I will be accompanying you. I want to see you get married and attend your wedding with Bright." Grandpa tapped her hand and his eyes were bright, "I have been waiting for the day."
	"Grandpa…" Rose still thought grandpa was the best.
	Rose took the day off today to spend time with him. After he slept, Rose went out for a walk, and then she saw Sam and Sky rushing to the emergency room, who looked so anxious.
	Then Alaya was there and she was also depressed, trying to keep herself stable and gentle.
	Rose heard someone gossiping, "I heard that the wife of the Tanner Group's president took her own life. And the president, her son and daughter ran over just now."
	"But I heard that the president loved his wife so much. How could she?"
	"Was there something wrong with their marriage? Though the president has been middle-aged, he is still handsome and in good shape. Could it be some sex affairs that led her to suicide?"
	"He never has any affair. It is impossible. They love each other so much."
	"Then what happened?"
	Hearing that, Rose went towards the emergency room. They were seen from a distance waiting anxiously outside the room. They were uneasy and worried.
	Slap! Sam gave Sky a hard slap in the face, which made the latter stumble a few steps. Alaya caught him in time. Seeing the blood at the corner of his lips, she asked, "Dad, why did you slap him?"
	"He deserves!" Sam was so angry and put a hand on his hip, panting.
	"Dad, what happened?" Alaya didn't understand, "What does he have to do with mom's suicide?"
	"Let him tell you!" Sam was so angry that he could not say a word.
	"Sky." Alaya turned around and asked Sky who was silent.
Chapter 353 We Don't Owe Each Other
	Bright bowed his head, trying to escape from her sight. He swallowed hard, but still kept silent.
	His silence made Alaya dissatisfied with his attitude.
	She said, "Do you have something you can't tell me? I just want to know why mom did so? And what do you have to do with this? I want the truth and you need to be honest."
	"Sister…I have nothing to say." He really didn't know where to start with, because the matter was quite complicated and he was not able to make it clear in a short time.
	"Is that your attitude?" Frowning, she was getting angry. However, she managed to suppress the anger and pointed to the door of the emergency room, "Sky, your mom is being salvaged!"
	"As stepdaughter, I care about her so much. What about you? Are you still the Sky as before?"
	He clenched his mouth and fists tightly.
	Seeing that, she stopped asking, because it was useless to ask him if he didn't want to say. She would rather wait quietly and pray for May.
	At this moment, Sam said, "Sky, you are disappointing. We don't have a son like you!"
	He had always loved his youngest son, who was the only boy of the family and survived from a serious illness, making him more valuable.
	However, Sam was really upset by Sky this time so that he would say such things.
	Sky was still silent. Alaya sighed slightly and held Sam, "Dad, sit down and take a rest. The most important thing now is to wait until mom is out of danger. As for others, just leave it behind."
	Though she was blaming her brother, she still loved and protected him.
	Standing nearby and watching them, Rose didn't come up to disturb them and left.
	If she appeared at that time, she would be thought to laugh at them, which would set her in trouble.
	She went to book a lunch and prepared the most nutritious diet for grandpa.
	After taking a walk for a while, she returned and had lunch with grandpa. Finishing the lunch, she read some news to grandpa. Grandpa slept as usual. Then, she got a call from Matthew, which was about work.
	She went out and answered the phone. Taking the lift to the first floor, she went towards a garden, where she saw Sky sitting on a chair by the lake in a distance.
	She had already finished her talk with Matthew, and then she walked towards him.
	She passed behind him and sat down gently at the other end of the chair.
	Not until then did he find someone was next to him, who had immersed himself in his own world. He was surprised when he saw Rose.
	"Grandpa is now in hospital." Rose explained why she would be here, "And I know May is also here."
	Hearing her soft voice, Sky stared at the sparkling water of the lake.
	"She called me the day before yesterday. She let me persuade you not to get tangled up with Sophie." Rose turned her head and looked at his handsome face, "But I refused."
	Hearing that, he moved his sight from the lake to her, "It is useless to persuade me."
	"So you are determined to stay with her?" Rose asked without any emotion.
	"Do you care?" Sky asked in turn, with his eyes twinkling.
	She said, "Sky, this is your own life and you should be responsible for yourself. Nobody can help you."
	"Not to mention the bad things she did and the harm she brought to you and your family. Don't you care? And don't you even care about your mom?
	She is your mom, who loves you most in the world. She can do anything for you and whatever she does is good for you.
	If she doesn't love you, she would not do so to let you understand. Of course, I don't have the rights to interfere in your life, but I hope you can make it clear and won't regret your choice now."
	"I won't regret." Staring at her face, he said word by word.
	"Now that you won't regret, I have nothing to say. I only hope that you can consider your family, especially May, when you do anything." Rose seemed to be disappointed.
	"I will." He nodded and said in his mind that he didn't want to be like this and he had never expected such a situation.
	"And I want to thank you for your help last time." Rose was relieved and changed the topic, "Sky, thank you for saving my life and we don't owe each other. Please take good care of May and I will visit her later."
	Finishing her words, she stood up and left.
	Sky saw her leave. In his eyes, there was all her back.
	She returned to the ward and grandpa was woken up.
	"Grandpa, would you like some water?" She asked with concern.
	"Yeah." He had felt thirsty.
	Rose gave him a cup of warm water. He took a few sips and said, "You don't have to stay with me. Just go to work."
	"I know. I have taken the day off today, and I will go back to work tomorrow." She could only be obedient to him because she didn't want him to be worried about her when he was still in poor health.
	"Spend more time with Bright and Doris. They are the most important for you now." Grandpa reminded her of her nearest family.
	"Ok, don't worry." Rose helped him make the bed.
	In the afternoon, after picking up Doris, Bright came to see him. After a few words, they three were driven out of the door by him.
	Rose held Doris and said to Bright after leaving the ward, "May suicided, and I want to visit her."
	Bright didn't seem to be surprised and his eyes showed that he understood what she meant. May's suicide might be to do with Rose's rejection of her request.
	Rose must be a little bit sad. After all, May loved her so much.
	Besides, May was an elder, so Rose should show her concern.
	"Ok, I'll go with you." Bright made the decision.
Chapter 354 She Had Done Her Best
	"Ok." Rose smiled with corners of her mouth upward, "Let's buy some fruit and flowers."
	They bought a bouquet of carnations and a fruit basket at the gate of the hospital and then they went to May's ward.
	Out of politeness, they knocked at the door. Then the door was opened by Alaya. She was surprised when seeing Bright and Rose.
	Especially Bright, who was so handsome that Alaya was fully attracted.
	A simple white shirt and a dark suit made him look tall and slim. With his handsome face, he was so elegant. His eyes were pure and quiet and there was only Rose inside. Only when looking at Rose would his eyes become mild.
	"Alaya." Rose called to Alaya in a low voice.
	"Come in." Alaya came to herself, stood back and let them in.
	They entered the ward. Bright put down the basket and Rose put the flowers in a vase by the bed.
	May was asleep at first, but because of the sound, she opened her eyes.
	"Mom, you are awake." Alaya said softly, "Rose and Mr. Lee are here."
	Hearing that, May looked at Rose and then shifted her gaze to Bright. Her eyes were moist and red.
	"Mom, what happened?" Alaya found something strange about her and suggested that she be decent in front of the guests.
	May thought she was dreaming and she blinked. Making sure that it was real, she said, "Rose? And Mr. Lee? Thank you for your visiting. How do you know I am here?"
	May looked at them in surprise.
	Few people knew her suicide because it was dishonorable and they blocked the news.
	"My grandpa is also in hospital. And I met Sky just now and he told me that." Rose didn't mention she found by herself.
	"Well…" When talking about Sky, May was sad and couldn't help crying.
	"Aunt May, take care." Rose handed a tissue to her.
	She took the tissue and wiped away her tears. She smiled, "Sorry to be unseemly. But I am really happy that you can take time off to be here."
	"You are welcome. The Tanner Group is our partner and you are important to Rose, so it is reasonable to visit you." He said carefully.
	May was touched and nodded her head, "Thank you."
	Then she stared at his face and watched carefully, with her eyes lingering.
	Bright didn't feel uneasy to be stared at. He just felt strange that those attracted by him were usually young women, but now the person attracted was the elder May.
	Rose and Alaya found her strange. Alaya said, "Mom, would you like some water?"
	Not until then did May find herself rude, but she couldn't help looking at Bright. She said, "Alaya, pour each of them a glass of water please. I nearly forget it."
	Then she pointed to a sofa and said, "Sit down please."
	Rose looked at Bright, implying that they should stay for a while.
	Bright obeyed her wish and sat on the sofa near a table, which made his legs uncomfortable.
	"May, I have talked to Sky when I met him." Rose held her hands, "I have tried my best, but because I am just his friend, I cannot interfere with his life and choices.
	No matter what he is going to do in the future, you have to be mentally prepared. You can refuse to accept, but you can't hurt yourself again.
	There are so many people loving you. Hurting yourself is also hurting others who love you, so the most important thing is to make yourself happy. There is nothing more important than taking good care of yourself. And the kids can take care of themselves."
	Rose bowed her head and looked at her wrist wrapped in white gauze. On it the color of the blood could be seen. Though it was not obvious, it still burnt her eyes.
	If she hadn't refused May directly and had understood what she meant in her last words, such things could have been avoided.
	Though she was not responsible, but she didn't want May to be like this.
	In her perception, May was more like her mom, from whom she could feel maternal love.
	"Rose, I am Sky's mom, so I should be responsible. I can't see him keep making mistakes." May understood Rose's advice, "Sophie, this bad woman, will destroy him. I can't bear to see him become worse. I want to do him good, though he doesn't understand and I am willing to pay my life to bring him back to the right path."
	May seemed to make up her mind that Sky was not allowed to run wild.
	"May…" Her persistence made Rose upset.
	"Mom, though you want to persuade him, you cannot hurt yourself." Alaya joined in the persuasion, "I will take care of him. Also, I will figure out how to kick out Sophie so that Sky will not be hurt."
	"He doesn't listen to me and even doesn't come to see me when I am like this. How can he listen to you?" May was anxious when mentioning Sky.
	"May, don't think too much. You need to recover first and then think of ways to help him." Rose rubbed her shoulders, "Ways are come up with by people. We have so many people that it will be easy to figure out an idea. Don't worry."
	So many people…
	May glanced at Bright who kept silent, sat there and drank tea. She gritted his teeth.
	It seemed that Bright was her final chance.
	"Alaya, I am hungry. Could you please buy me a bowl of wontons?" May pushed Alaya away and said to Rose, "Rose, could you do me a favor?"
	Bright stood up like a mountain and said, "May I help you? Let Rose stay with you."
	"To be honest, I want to talk to you, Bright." May had to tell the truth.
	"Go ahead. I need to pick up Doris from grandpa." Rose tapped his shoulders, hoping that he could take it easy.
	Bright nodded.
Chapter 355 When Talking About His Mom
	There was only Bright and May at the ward after Rose left. However, May kept silent, which made the ward so quiet.
	"Mrs. Tanner, what do you want to say? There is no one else here." Bright said, breaking the silence in the room.
	He stood on his side and was covered by sunshine. The golden light made him look taller, slimmer and also nobler.
	As a descendant of the Lee family, no matter by his own excellence or his family background, he was qualified to be the leader. Moreover, his handsome appearance could attract many debutantes.
	Looking at Bright in front of her, May asked, "Mr.… Can I just call you Bright?"
	"Whatever you want. I am okay with it." Smiling, he was patient enough.
	"Bright, who else do you have in your family?" Her abrupt question shocked Bright, but he still answered politely.
	"My grandma, father, elder brother, younger brother, Rose, Doris and me."
	As for others, he didn't recognize them as family, at least not his family.
	"What about your mom?" May continued to ask, with her fingers catching the quilt tightly.
	The subtle movement was noticed by Bright, but he sat tight and said, "My mom passed away years ago when I was a baby."
	"Passed away?" She smiled, which was ambiguous and mocking. "Do you still remember your mom? What's her name? What did she look like?"
	May became wild and looked at Bright graciously.
	His face remained expressionless, "I was too little at that time, so I knew nothing. Even if I knew, it didn't matter at all. She has been gone and she will never return."
	Listening to him quietly, May was struck and her eyes turned red, which was caught by Bright.
	"Do you know my mom so you want to talk to me alone?" Bright looked at her abnormality with his gloomy eyes.
	"No…I don't…" May looked away, bowed her head and denied.
	"Now that you don't know her, why did you ask these questions?" His intuition told him that May was lying.
	According to her performance and questions, she must know his mom. Some emotions and reactions could not be faked because they were instinctive.
	"I am just curious." May pulled back her tears and took a deep breath inwardly, "In my heart, Rose is my daughter. I am just helping her understand the situation. Oh! You just got a certificate? When will you hold a wedding ceremony? You must invite me!"
	"Our parents have met each other and the ceremony is on the agenda." Though he was confused, he didn't continue to ask.
	"Great! I can still wait until that day." When she raised her head, she looked so happy, "Bright, Rose is a poor kid. Sky and our family both let her down. You have to treat her well. My only wish is that you can live a happy life."
	"Treating her well is always my goal and living a happy life is the destination of our life. I believe we can make it." This was what he desired, "In the past, I wasn't there protecting her. Now I am along with her, so please don't worry."
	"Bright, could you please stop calling me Mrs. Tanner? Just call me auntie May as Rose does." May said.
	After a second, he said, "Aunt May."
	"Well." Hearing that, May was satisfied, "That is nice."
	He looked at her sincere smile and her eyes were brilliant.
	"Actually… I hope you can help me persuade Sky." May quickly wiped away her tears, "You are both men, so it will be easier to communicate."
	"Aunt May, I think I can do anything except this." He refused without hesitation, "First, I am not qualified. Second, I am afraid that he doesn't want to see me anymore."
	"You know, I am supposed to be the opposite of him as a rival in love. So how can I persuade him?"
	"Rose has made her choice, so there won't be any opportunity for Sky. I know that clearly and I won't let him to damage your family and he can't do so." There was assurance in her tone.
	"Aunt May, I believe in myself and Rose. Nobody can damage our life." He was so arrogant that he didn't need others' sympathy or prevention.
	"I know." May nodded her head, "I believe you can convince him and you can be friends actually. As a friend or an elder brother, you will be supported to do so."
	"No, no, no, I don't deserve." He thought May was too brave to say so. He could never get along with Sky as what she said. He thought being a rival in love was quite cool.
	"If he is trapped in something, it is useless to persuade him. The only way is to wait for him to come round. Why not just keep watching? The matter may be settled of its own accord." He suggested.
	"In addition, such a wicked woman as Sophie is will pay for it. You don't need to be worried. Time will tell."
	"It makes me scared and nervous to think of her pestering my son."
	"Don't be afraid. If Sophie loves him, she won't hurt him." Bright continued to say, "He will be happy and lucky enough to have such a good mom. And the lucky man can turn adversity into fortune."
	His words made her silent and her eyes gleamed uneasily.
	He had lost his mom since he was a child. She had never experienced love and protection from mother. At this moment, he envied Sky a little. Though the feeling was fleeting, he had to admit that it was quite annoying.
	"Sorry." May apologized.
	"Don't say so. I have never got or lost a mother, and I don't need her anymore." He had got used to the life without his mom and he still lived a happy life.
Chapter 356 We Should Get Used to It
	His disdain made May rueful. Her shapely eyebrows frowned.
	She didn't continue the topic and she didn't know what to say, so the air was quiet again.
	Bright didn't feel embarrassed. He thought now that he had said what he wanted, he could leave now.
	At this time, the door was opened and they both looked at the man. It was Sam carrying a thermo jug and some fruits.
	Sam was surprised when seeing Bright was alone with his wife.
	"Mr. Lee."
	"Mr. Tanner."
	Though they didn't have too much intersection and their cooperation was just subtle, they had seen each other at some functions.
	"Mr. Tanner, if there is nothing else, I am going to pick up Doris and Rose." Bright suggested.
	"Ok." May had no reason to keep him staying here, though she wanted to stay with him longer.
	"Don't you stay for a while, Mr. Lee?" Sam said politely.
	"No. I have a child, so we need to go back home early." When he mentioned his daughter, his face turned mild, "And I'll be leaving."
	"Ok, let me see you out." Sam sent him to the door and watched him leave.
	Bright picked up Rose and Doris from grandpa. Doris was used to sleep early so that when she got on the car, she felt sleepy.
	Rose was in the back seat, holding Doris in her arms and Doris was fast asleep.
	Reaching home, Bright got off the car first and took Doris from Rose. Because she kept holding Doris without changing the position, her arms and legs had been numb.
	"Are you okay?" Bright asked with concern.
	"You take her upstairs first. I need to sit for a while." Rose gave him a reassuring look.
	He glanced at Doris and said, "I will be right back soon. Just wait for me."
	He held Doris in his arms and left quickly. Entering the house and going upstairs, he laid Doris down in the children's room and covered her with a quilt. Then, he quickly turned around and got back to Rose.
	After a short rest, when Rose was about to get off the car, Bright had got into the car and picked her up, which nearly made her scream.
	"You scared me." She instinctively covered her chest with her arms.
	"Were you thinking of others so you didn't notice me?" He looked at her playfully.
	She raised her eyebrows slightly, "Yeah. I was just thinking of others."
	As soon as she stopped, her lips were covered by his and they kissed fiercely, which made her choke. His breath was full of his smell of domineering and she was overwhelmed.
	"What are you doing?" Her breath came fast and her face turned red.
	He just kissed her without scruple and he was not afraid that he would be seen by servants and lost his poise.
	"You can only think of me." His tone was mighty.
	"Can't I think of our daughter?" She slowly opened her eyes, trying to contradict him with Doris.
	"When you are with me, you can only think of me. As for our daughter, I will think of her." He curled his lips and smiled evilly.
	"You are so domineering!" She was convinced.
	"Yeah! I am just so domineering!" He laughed.
	In his arms, she could feel his chest shaking with laughter.
	He carried her upstairs and Rose asked, "What did May want to see you about? Did she want to fix you up so that she pushed me away?"
	"Come on. I have a wife and a daughter. You are really insane." He opened the door with his foot, went to the bed and put her down.
	He sat down, "She wanted me to persuade Sky to leave Sophie from the perspective of a man."
	"…" Rose didn't think it was easy to persuade him. Though we had to do so, it should not be done by Bright because they were not that familiar to each other. She said, "When did you get so familiar with each other?"
	"It is through you that I know him." Therefore, they were actually not familiar with each other. He had just seen Sky for three or four times. And they hardly talked with each other.
	"You seem to be complaining." Her eyes were shining.
	"How dare I?" He stood up and prepared to strip off his suit.
	Rose stood up as well and took his suit, "So what did you say?"
	"How can I make it if you and his mom cannot? Moreover, such things are thankless and difficult to do." After taking off the suit, he continued to unbutton the shirt.
	She hung up the suit and came over, "Wow! There is something you can't do."
	"He is my rival in love. The worse he is, the happier I will be. I don't want to meddle." He took off the shirt in front of her and his robust body was exposed. In particular, his abdominal muscles from gym were the most attractive.
	This was just seduction!
	She tried to look away, but she failed. It seemed that his body was just like a magnet, nearly making her get a nosebleed.
	He smiled contentedly and he even wanted to take off his pants to her face.
	She stopped him, "Get to the bathroom!"
	"Why?" He pretended to be confused and innocent.
	"No why!" She came up behind him and pushed him towards the bathroom.
	"Oh! You are shy." He was pushed into the bathroom.
	"Bull shit!" She denied.
	"Yeah. We have been married for a long time and we should get used to it." He was about to burst into laughter.
	"You are so smelly. Wash yourself now." She said disgustedly.
	Rose turned around ready to leave, but she was caught by Bright and held in his arms.
	They were so close that his handsome face was now at hand and she felt her heartbeat speeding up.
	"What are you doing? Let me go." She struggled to free herself from his arms.
	"Honey, let's wash together." He didn't give her a chance to leave and closed the door by kicking it with his leg.
	Hearing the sound closing the door, she gave a shudder, "Don't be silly."
	"I am serious." He bowed his head and his face was grave.
	She stepped back, but he was faster. He caught the back of her head and kissed her sweetly.
	How could she escape from his tenderness?
Chapter 357 He Hoped that He Could Turn Back the Clock
	Sam left in the morning the second day May was hospitalized, and Alaya and Sky came visiting her.
	Sky's arrival didn't make May happy; instead, she should a cold shoulder to her son.
	She couldn't figure out why her son didn't listen to her.
	"Mom, get some rest and we'll see you after work." Alaya worked at the company was the CFO.
	Alaya tugged at Sky's clothes, motioning him not to argue with May.
	"Mom, have a good rest and take care of yourself. We have to go to work now." Sky felt guilty for his mother, but he couldn't listen to her and let Sophie leave now.
	"I'm not dying, don't worry," May responded coldly.
	"Mom, don't be angry," Sky frowned.
	"I didn't." As long as you leave me alone, I'm fine." There was still no sign of warmth on May's face.
	She had tried to best to persuade Sky not to be with Sophie, and even at the cost of her own life to force him to go back to the right way, but he was indifferent, and disobeyed her, being with that vicious woman. She was so disappointed by Sky.
	She was his mother, but she was as important as that woman?
	Not wanting to disturb Sky and May, Alaya withdrew from the room.
	"Mom, never do anything like that again," Sky did not want to be angry with his mother, and said in soft tone. "It is too dangerous."
	May pursed her lips slightly, and tears came to her eyes. "Who am I doing this for?" she complained.
	"Mom, I know you are good for me, but I hope you can understand me. I have my reason for making such a choice," Sky said in such a euphemistic way, "Mom, I have grown up and I am thoughtful about what I do. Don't worry about me, just take good care of yourself. Don't make joke of your life anymore. I can't bear it."
	When May heard his words, tears silently rolled down her face. 'He could not bear it...'
	"Then tell me why you have to stay with her?" May took a deep breath.
	Sky took a piece of tissue paper and handed it to May. "Mom, the baby is the only child of the Tanner family. Sophie is at fault, but the child is innocent. Mother, as beautiful and kind as you are, you certainly do not want to see this child left abandoned and be other man's child, right?"
	May took the tissue, but did not wipe the tears on her face. She squeezed it so tightly in her hand that it was tore apart.
	Sky was right. She really couldn't bear to let the Tanner family's child be abandoned.
	"Are you sure Sophie's baby is yours?" May turned to Sky, "But not Timothy's? She has been with that man more than once. We can't make mistake!"
	"Mom, I'm your son and you have to trust me." Sky sat down and held his mother's hand in the palm, "Mom, you have to promise me that you will never to do this again, and don't let me worry."
	"I'll never do anything like this again, but promise me one thing." May proposed.
	"What is it?" Sky asked.
	"I'm not forcing you to send her away now, but when she gives birth to the baby, give her a sum of money and drive her away, and never allow her to show up in City H. We'll keep the baby." May made a concession, but she was still worried.
	Sky was silent and did not answer immediately.
	"Sophie's reputation in City H has been ruined," May continued. "If the baby grows up to know it has such a mother, it is going to be ashamed of it. We can't leave the baby suffer such trauma. I'm doing it for the good of the kid."
	"Mom, don't worry. Let me think about it, OK? It will be some time before her baby is born anyway." Sky did not answer his mother.
	"Well, I'll trust you this time, but don't let me down again." May was very decisive, holding Sky's hand very firmly. May had done too much for Sky.
	Looking at May's expectant eyes, Sky nodded.
	Then Sky went to work. As he took a step, May asked, "Sky, are you regretful now?"
	Sky stopped, slightly tilted his head, and he swallowed hard, answering bitterly, "Mom, I am regretful, I am very regretful... How I wish that I could go back to those happy days when Rose and I were students... How happy we were back then..."
	"But I know those days would never come back again. I have hurt her, so God punished me for losing her forever, and I have to live in regret for the rest of my life."
	Sky showed a sad look, which made May feel distressed.
	She could only sigh to herself that fate was unfair to everyone.
	"Sky, Rose is married and happy. No matter how hard it is, you should move on..." May did not want him to torture himself.
	"I want to move on, but I can't," Sky laughed at himself, "But if she isn't happy, I will spare no effort to get her back."
	"You probably won't get such a chance again," May said realistically. "They are very happy."
	Sky didn't answer because he also felt that he had no chance. "Mom, I have to go now."
	Sky pulled himself out of the sadness, adjusted his mood, and left.
	Alaya, who had been waiting outside, saw Sky come out and immediately asked, "How are you and Mom?"
	"Well, good." Sky made himself look relaxed.
	"That's good." Alaya was relieved. She didn't want to leave for fear that they would have quarrel. "Let's go."
	May was alone in the hospital room, leaning on the soft feather pillow, thinking of Sky's words. Recalling his sad eyes in the rain, she felt so uncomfortable that she pulled her clothes tightly.
	"Why... Why did fate do this to my child?" May asked God with tears, but she couldn't get the answer she wanted.
	May closed her eyes tightly, tears wetting her face again.
	At that moment, there was a knock at the door. Then someone opened the door and came in. May was so sad that she did not notice it.
	And then the person said, "Mom, I come to visit you."
	Looking at the comer, May's eyes widened. Her first instinct was to grab the glass from the table and throw it at the feet of the comer.
	"Get out!"
Chapter 358 Let's See Who Dies First
	The glass hit on the hard tile and broke into pieces, and the tiny pieces bounced off Sophie's white instep, scrapping her legs.
	"Mother, it's all right to be angry with me, but it's not worth to hurt yourself." Sophie stood by the door; her mood unchanged.
	May looked at Sophie with disgust. She was in a bad mood, and Sophie was here, which made May hard to calm down.
	"What are you doing here? Don't you think our house is messy enough?" May showed her dislike to Sophie.
	Sophie was not displeased by May's dislike for her. Despite the slight injury on her instep, she went in the room, put the fruit on the coffee table and put the flowers in a glass vase.
	After she had done all this, she stood at the end of the bed and smiled, "Mom, I came for a maternity examination today, so I came to see you by the way. After all, you are Sky's mother. Even if you don't like me, I should come to see you."
	"I don't want to see you. You'd better get out of my sight, or don't blame me for being rude to you." May's face was cold and she gave her ultimatum.
	"Mother, can't you see all these now?" Sophie smiled softly, and stroked her round belly. "Your child is the most important thing to Sky right now, just like what you value most is your child."
	May looked at Sophie's smiling eyes with tightened furrowed brows. A flash of triumph flashed across Sophie's face.
	"So what?" May sneered, "You also think that Sky only values this child, so you are nobody!"
	Sophie's smile froze on her face, and she was embarrassed, but she still raised her head, "Mom, as long as Sky cares about this child, then he would not leave me. After all, I am the child's mother, and the child cannot leave the mother."
	"Perhaps other children might not lose their mothers, but the child would rather lose a mother than have a mother like you!" May went on to count Sophie's crimes, "You plotted your own sister and married Sky. You brought troubles to others and yourself and got humiliated by Timothy. You are evil, selfish and cruel, and got your reputation ruined..."
	"A mother like you will only make the kid feel shameful. Why does the kid want you as a mother? So Sophie, if you still have a little self-knowledge, and care about the child, then give birth the child and then alone. Don't bother the child so that he would make him feel ashamed of you!"
	Sophie didn't have any feeling for May's scolding. "I just want to love someone. What's wrong with me?" she asked.
	"You can't persuade Sky to drive me away even if you commit suicide. It can be seen how important I am in his heart. I also love him deeply. I won't leave him no matter what you do."
	"I want to live a happy life with Sky and our child. This is what I have been looking forward to, and it will happen now. When the baby is born, it will come true. No one is going to stop me from being happy. No one could destroy my family, or I'll fight for it with my life!"
	Sophie narrowed her eyes, looking sharp. She had managed to be with Sky again. She would not leave no matter what happened.
	What Sophie said was a warning. How could May not understand it? And it was not the first time she had seen Sophie's viciousness under her tender look.
	She believed that people like Sophie could do anything ruthless, but May was afraid at all.
	"Sophie, you underestimate how much a mother can do for a child. I won't let you stay with my son, no matter what it takes! This is my bottom line!" May's face was fearless and her eyes were fixed on Sophie. She would not give up an inch and would defend to the death.
	"Then we'll see who dies first," Sophie raised her eyebrows calmly, as if declaring war on May. "But you've been dead once. You may try again next time..."
	"I will not disturb you. Take a rest and live longer. I want you to see how happy Sky and I would be." Sophie smiled happily and turned away contentedly.
	May was not angry, but said in a low voice, "Evil will be rewarded. It is not because the time has not come."
	Sophie gritted her teeth and shut the door hard.
	Sophie left May's room, holding the bag in her hand, taking a deep breath as she walked, trying to not let May affect her mood. But what May said was deeply imprinted in her mind, and she couldn't shake it off.
	In fact, she was not confident in being with Sky again. She lived very carefully every day, and she was afraid of making Sky unhappy and was abandoned by Sky.
	Even if she was tired and bored, she would adjust her mood and greet Sky with a smile. But Sky came home late every day and didn't even touch her, so she dared not complain at all.
	Sky said she was pregnant with a child, and she had to be careful in every step.
	He said he valued the child very much and he didn't want it to have any danger.
	He said she was expecting a baby soon and he would make it up to her when the baby was born.
	***
	He had a thousand reasons to convince her, and she knew it was true, but she was uneasy.
	Sky did well in other aspects except for not touching her and coming home late. But why did she still feel that he was far away from her?
	She felt she could not see through him.
	Sky's attitude and May's stopping made her feel under great pressure.
	'The old woman is really meddlesome. Why that knife did not cut a little deeper so that she could die?' Sophie was cursing May.
	She believed that it was not just May who hated her, but others in the Tanner family were also reluctant to accept her.
	Even if she gave birth to the child, she would not get any real recognition from them.
	Sophie's fingers tightened a little on her stomach. Her eyes drooped and she looked a little complex.
	She knew better than anyone who the child's real father was, but she didn't want to admit it.
	She imagined that the child's father was the man she loved the most because she only wanted to have a baby with the man she loved.
	And this guy was Sky all along, not Timothy.
	When she was lost in thought, the mobile phone rang. It was a strange number.
Chapter 359 He Will Revenge You When You Are Free
	Sophie looked at the number, and found it familiar, as if it had called her several times these days. But when she picked up the phone, the other side didn't say anything and then hung up the phone.
	At first, she did not care, thinking that someone called the wrong number, so it was hung up, but it had been like this for a week.
	Without hesitation, she picked up the phone, held the phone to her ears and whispered, "Hello?"
	The other side still did not want to speak or indicate its identity in time, only the faint breathing voice could be heard.
	Sophie listened to the breathing for two seconds, but the other didn't mean to speak. She furrowed her brows and said, "If you don't say anything, I'll hang up the phone."
	"Sophie, it's me," said the man in a slow, gruff voice.
	Sophie didn't recognize the other's voice for a moment. She paused for two seconds, thinking hard who would it be, but she wouldn't think of anyone.
	"Sophie, it's Timothy," The men said his name.
	"Timothy? It's you?" Sophie was shocked.
	"Yes, it's me," said Timothy. "I'm coming out," Timothy exclaimed.
	He had been out?
	Sophie's head went blank for a moment, and she didn't know what to say.
	He... Shouldn't he be detained and waiting for Bright's revenge?
	How did he get out of here?
	Didn't Bright blame Timothy for kidnapping Rose and nearly killing himself?
	Ruthless revenge was Bright style, but Timothy was safely released. What exactly happened?
	There were too many questions in her mind.
	When Timothy was free, she would have a hard time. How could she still stay with Sky? Sooner or later, Timothy would find out that she was with Sky. What should she do then?
	"Sophie, aren't you happy? Aren't you congratulating me on my safety?" Timothy was happy and excited.
	Sophie gritted her teeth, unable to congratulate him. "It's so good that you are fine. I've been worried for a long time."
	"Don't worry. I'm all right." Timothy comforted her. "Where are you? I wanted to see you. You were the only person I thought about when I was detained, and I miss my kid too."
	Sophie clutched her fingers and the color faded from her face. "I'm doing some examinations."
	"Sophie, I'm sorry for not accompanying you." Timothy's voice was full of pity. "I came to pick you up."
	"No, I am out of the hospital now," Sophie walked to the curb. "Let's have a lunch together. You've just come out. Let's celebrate it."
	"Great!" Timothy smiled.
	Sophie sent him the location of a restaurant and asked him to take a crab there.
	The restaurant was remote and it would be safe for them to meet here.
	Sophie arrived first, and the waiter ushered her into a reserved box on the third floor of the backyard, far from the front yard, separated by a pond covered by a wooden bridge, beneath there were golden water lilies and koi fish.
	Parents accompanied children there to enjoy the flowers and fish. The scene was particularly warm, like everything was good.
	Sophie sat in the box, checked the time, and then took some water. After a while, Timothy was led over by the waiter.
	He sat across from Sophie and stared at her.
	Sophie was a little uncomfortable, but actually she felt guilty. She picked up the porcelain cup and took another sip.
	"Why are you looking at me that way? Like you don't know me."
	"You look good." Timothy picked up the water glass in front of him and threw his head back, "I want to see you all the time. Sophie, what can I do?"
	Sophie, however, was not at all pleased. She couldn't get away from him if he insisted on pestering her. That was the worst thing for her.
	"Look what you want to it." Sophie held up the recipe and put it in front of him. "Just order anything you like. Have a good meal!"
	Timothy took the recipe and glanced at Sophie while flipping through the book. "Sophie, you're so nice to me."
	Sophie answered with a faint smile.
	Timothy ordered a few of the specials, which was enough to feed four people.
	But Sophie didn't have any problem with it. She just wanted to give Timothy whatever he wanted so that he could leave her.
	"Sophie, have you been thinking about me?" Timothy asked earnestly.
	Sophie almost choked by the water. She cleared her throat and asked, "What do you think?"
	"I want to hear your answer." Timothy was a good talker.
	"Yes, of course I do," Sophie nodded.
	"Does the kid miss me?" Timothy asked.
	"Ask it if you want to know." Sophie didn't like to answer these questions.
	"Of course my kid misses me," Timothy said to himself.
	Soon, the waiter served the meal. "Would you like some wine? To celebrate your coming out," asked Sophie.
	"Yes, have some," Timothy agreed.
	The waiter sent in some good white wine. Sophie filled the wine for him, and then poured juice for herself.
	"Timothy, I can't drink alcohol so I could only have some juice. Cheers!" Sophie drank half a glass by herself first.
	Timothy was also happy and emptied the wine.
	"Timothy, how did you get out? Didn't Bright give you a hard time?" Sophie refilled his glass. "I was really worried for you, but I had to make that decision for the baby, and I did it for the baby. Do you blame me, Timothy?"
	"Oh, don't say so. How can I blame you? I understand it. I'm a man and I won't be so stingy." Timothy patted the back of her hand.
	Then he said what he had prepared to say, "The fire was an accident, and I have nothing to do with it. I was smoking outside and the police didn't see me set the fire. I denied it. They didn't have enough evidence, so they set me free."
	Sophie wasn't convinced, but she didn't show it. "It's said that Bright is cruel and heartless, and anyone who offends him will come to a bad end. Although you are set free because of lack of evidence, I am afraid he will not be reconciled. After all, he cares so much about Rose. Maybe he wanted to avenge when you are out..."
	"He could do anything, and it's as easy to kill an ant as to kill you. Timothy, I'm worried about you." Sophie looked worried.
	"Then... What should I do?" Timothy was also very cooperative and looked distressed.
	"I have a suggestion." Sophie smiled. The fish was hooked.
Chapter 360 Get Him as Far away from here as Possible
	Sophie felt happy when she saw Timothy was so fearful.
	Everyone was afraid of Bright. Besides, Timothy had already experienced Bright's tough tactics, so he was already afraid of Bright.
	"What it is?" Timothy listened carefully.
	"Have you been out not long ago?" Sophie picked up her chopsticks and put a piece of beef to him.
	"I have been out for a few days. I want to find you, but dared not. Today, I really want to see you." Timothy told the truth because he had used the number to "harass" her, but didn't say anything when the phone got through.
	"Now you have seen me." Sophie looked at him calmly. "My advice is that you should leave City H and hide as far as possible before Bright can find you and take avenge on you. Go to a place where Bright can't find you and come back after the thing is over. How about it?"
	"Timothy, I know you grew up in City H and you can't bear to leave here, but you have to think about yourself. If you stay here, you may have your arm or leg broken one day, or even die. I am worried about you and I just want you to be safe and sound. Do you understand?"
	Sophie tried her best to comfort him, but her eyes were full of worry. What she was afraid of was that Timothy would find out her selfishness of wanting to be with Sky. She was afraid that he would know she was just using him all the time.
	She was living a very satisfied life with Sky now, so she did not want anyone to destroy it. She had to get rid of Timothy, the farther away the better, so that he would not disturb them.
	Timothy looked at Sophie with hesitation. "Sophie, I can't bear to leave you, and our child. If I leave, I won't be there for you when you deliver the baby. How can I leave you when you need me most?"
	Sophie breathed a sigh of relief at hearing that. "I'm all right on my own, and my mother has been secretly helping me, so don't worry. Nothing is more important than your safety. Timothy, I just want you to be safe. If you're safe, and I'll be safe with the baby until you get back."
	"So, Timothy, promise me you'll protect yourself. You are the only person that both my baby and I can count on. What shall we do if anything happens to you?" What Sophie said made sense, and it was hard to let Timothy refuse.
	"I'll be all right," Timothy assured her.
	"So you promised me to leave here?" A gleam of surprise flashed across Sophie's eyes.
	"Yes, I promise, I'll leave. I believe whatever you say." Timothy took her hand and smiled.
	"Timothy, I know you wouldn't let me down." Sophie was so happy that she finally convinced Timothy to leave, so she could continue to live a happy life with Sky.
	"But I... I don't have any money," said Timothy embarrassingly. "Don't you already have everything in Sky's name? Could you..."
	"Rest assured. I have all these stored. These are for our child, of course." Sophie was very smart, "but I will give you a sum of money, and I will send you money every month. I will not treat you badly."
	"When should I leave?" Timothy asked her quietly.
	"The sooner the better, of course. Stay away from Bright." Sophie gave him a determined look.
	"Fine." Timothy raised his glass. "Well, let's enjoy this meal. Sophie, you have to wait for me until I get back."
	"Of course." Sophie smiled and held up the juice to share it with Timothy.
	She was so happy that Timothy was so easy to coax.
	When they were almost finished eating, Sophie footed the bill and held out a bank card to Timothy. "Here's 100,000," she said. "Every month I'll deposit 20,000 to 50,000 for you. The code is six zeros."
	Timothy reached for the card and held it on his fingertip. "Thank you for being so thoughtful for me," he said.
	"I should do that." Sophie felt extremely relieved.
	And then they left the private restaurant one by one.
	After Sophie left, Timothy took a taxi to leave, too.
	As he sat in the car, he felt mixed feelings. After driving some distance, the driver asked, "Where are you going, Sir?"
	"To..." Timothy thought for a moment and then said, "To SpringHill Villa."
	Timothy saw Sophie and Sky together in SpringHill Villa last time and also heard what she said. It was because of this that he saw Sophie's true face clearly.
	He could not believe what he had seen and heard, but another voice told him that this was the truth he had to face. Although it was cruel, he should wake up and not be cheated and played by Sophie anymore.
	Sophie's performance today was so cautious that if he hadn't seen her clearly, he would have really believed her.
	Timothy went back to SpringHill Villa, where he lived. Bright arranged the residence for him here, which was convenient for him to get close to Sophie.
	After he got back, he lay down to rest, and then he searched something on the Internet.
	After dinner he changed clothes, put on a mask and a fisherman's hat and hid in the shadow of a tree.
	Sky came back later. As soon as he got to the door of the courtyard, Sophie opened the door for him. With a bright smile on her face, she looked radiant and charming.
	"Sky, you are back, I cooked you snow pear Tremella soup. Have a taste." Sophie took Sky's arm lovingly.
	"Why so considerate?"
	"You are my favorite husband. If I am not considerate to you, who should I be considerate to?" Sophie suddenly stood on tiptoe and kissed on Sky's face.
	Sky was somewhat frozen, but soon said, "You are going to be a mother. Be more mature."
	"Sky, I just miss you and love you so much..."
	"I came to see you today and wanted to get some clothes and go to the hospital to accompany my mother," Sky said faintly.
	"Don't you sleep here anymore?" Sophie's eyes were filled with disappointment.
	"I won't be living here for a while. My mother is in a bad mood." Sky said.
	As he was about to go inside, Sophie felt disappointed.
	Sophie grabbed him by his coat. "Sky, you don't want us?"
	Sophie was a little annoyed that her enthusiasm had been ignored.
	"Don't think too much about it." Sky pulled back his hand without trace and went to the courtyard.
	"I just don't feel safe."
	"That's because you're pregnant, and you're over-thinking." Sky took her hand away. "Go in."
	"Sky..."
Chapter 361 Protect Her Child by Killing Her
	Sky didn't turn back but went back home directly.
	Sophie stood there for a while and then she felt sad with tears in her eyes.
	She kept taking a deep breath to make herself calm, so that she wouldn't be mad at Sky.
	She kept telling herself that she could bear everything as long as Sky didn't leave her.
	However, she felt more and more panicked and anxious, so she felt that she was hard to breathe.
	Sophie didn't want to enter the house, because she didn't know how to face Sky. So she just stood in the courtyard.
	When Sky walked out with a black sport bad in his hand, he saw Sophie still standing there.
	"Why are you standing here? It is cold at night. Come into the house quickly. " Sky said to her calmly. However, Sophie felt that he cared about her in her mind.
	She said to him with a smile, "Sky, I would like to visit your mom together with you and help you to take care of her."
	"Well, you don't need to do that." Sky shook his head and said, "As you can see, my mom doesn't want to see you. She can't understand what happened between us, so she will be angrier if she sees you. You'd better stay at home and take good care of yourself and our baby. I will take good care of my mom. Don't worry."
	Sophie felt sad by his words.
	It wasn't cold at night, but she couldn't help trembling.
	"Don't you really feel cold? You tremble now. Come on, go back to the house now. " Sky asked her again when he saw that she trembled, "I have to go now."
	Sophie saw that he walked towards the car and then opened the door and put the bag into the car.
	When he was going to get in the car, she suddenly rushed to hug her and begged him, "Sky, please don't leave me. Please don't leave me and our baby alone."
	"I just go back to take care of mom. What are you thinking about? " Sky pulled down her hands from his waist and turned to her, "I will try to have a talk with her. Don't worry."
	"I... " Sophie bit her lower lip and said, "Well, I got it. I will stay here and wait for you. Come back soon, promise me."
	"OK." Sky nodded and let go of her wrist, and then he got into the car and started the car.
	Sophie stood beside the car and kept looking at him.
	Sky saw that she didn't move at all, he had to open the window and said to her, "Stand away from the car."
	Sophie had to step back, and then Sky drove away.
	Sophie wanted to catch the car, but she stopped after running a few steps. She stood there with tears down and a forced smile, which made her look a bit strange at night.
	She gritted her teeth and held her fists tightly.
	'May, you are the biggest obstacle for me in pursuing my happiness.'
	She wouldn't let it go if there was anyone trying to prevent her from pursuing her happiness. So...
	She looked a bit malicious at that time.
	However, Timothy, who observed in the dark secretly, was calm. During this period, he could always see that Sophie was obedient to Sky. It could be seen that the one she really loved was Sky. And Sky was the biological father of the unborn baby.
	Timothy sneered at himself.
	He turned back and left secretly, and then he returned to his residence not far away.
	After he came back home, his phone rang when he was taking a bottle of ice water from the refrigerator.
	He saw that it was Sophie from the phone which was put on the bar counter, and he didn't answer the call or hang up the phone. He just drank the ice water.
	He didn't answer the call, and then the phone rang up automatically.
	Next, the phone rang again.
	Timothy didn't answer the call at all. He knew that Sophie was very anxious, but he wouldn't allow himself to be tricked by her again. So he wouldn't answer the call, and he wanted to make her more anxious.
	After drinking water, he went upstairs to take a bath and then went to sleep.
	The next day, he went to the kitchen and saw that there were more than a dozen missed calls on his mobile phone, all of which were from Sophie.
	He didn't call her back. He just cooked breakfast for himself.
	When he went to the dining room with his breakfast and sat down to enjoy it, his phone rang again. It was Sophie again.
	He answered the phone slowly. Since Sophie had stayed up overnight, it was the best time for him to talk with her.
	"Sophie..."
	"Timothy, I called you overnight. Why didn't you answer my call? " Sophie asked him with anger.
	"I went to sleep early last night. And my phone was put in the kitchen, so I didn't know you called me last night. What's wrong? " Timothy explained to her slowly.
	"I.. I have an urgent problem." Sophie felt better after he explained.
	"What's the matter? I will try my best to help you." Timothy said.
	"Do you know Sky's mother?" Sophie asked him carefully and waited for his answer.
	"Yes. I saw her at a wine party. She was very elegant." Timothy answered her.
	"She is not as good as you see. Since she has known our relationship, she started to hate me. " Sophie complained to him.
	"Really?"
	"I didn't want to make you worried, so I didn't tell you before." Sophie said to him while crying, "However, she has been trying to hurt me. She even asked someone to hit me. If my baby and I weren't lucky enough, I couldn't see you anymore..."
	Sophie cried out with sadness, but she just pretended to be sad to get his sympathy.
	"Why did she want to hit you?"
	"She thought that I made Tanner embarrassed because of the relationship between you and me. And she also said that she wouldn't let you go." Sophie told a lie to him so that she could achieve her own goal.
	"Really? Well..." Timothy sneered.
	"So you must be careful."
	"I got it." Timothy nodded, "You really care about me."
	"Timothy, if she hit me again after you leave City H, I don't know if I can survive. I am afraid that my baby and I will be killed by her at last..."
	"I won't let her hurt you. Tell me what you want to do." Timothy asked her.
	"I heard that May has been in the hospital. It is impossible for the family members of the Tanner family to take care of her at any time. So it is the best choice to do it in the hospital." Sophie instructed him to kill her.
	"What do you want to do?" Timothy pretended that he didn't understand her words.
	"As long as she's not here, no one can hurt my baby and me in the future." Sophie said to him.
	"Do you want me to kill her?"
	"Timothy, I have no choice. If she doesn't die, my baby and I can't live at all."
	"Well, I know what to do."
	"Sorry, Timothy. I shouldn't ask you to do that."
	"It's OK. I can do everything for you."
Chapter 362 This May Be Your Last Words
	Sophie said something to show her poor and make him confused and then she hung up.
	She held her phone and sat on the soft sofa in the living room alone. She smiled triumphantly, with a vicious and fierce light in her eyes.
	"May, she will die soon." Sophie said to herself with a smile, "And I will live together with Sky happily. Don't worry. I will help you take good care of him, so you can go to hell with peace of mind..."
	She said to herself, as if she could control everything.
	Moreover, Timothy could be fooled by her at will in her mind.
	"Timothy, please don't be mad at me. If you are arrested, I won't be happy even though I can be with Sky. Both you and May are the biggest obstacles for me to pursuing my happiness. So I must kill you and her. I can't allow anyone to stop me from being together with Sky."
	She said to herself, "You shouldn't have stopped me from being together with Sky."
	However, Timothy wasn't as silly as she thought. During this period, he had known what kind of person she was, so he wouldn't be deceived by her again.
	He didn't want to make her realize that he had been changed, so he had to deceive her like that. He pretended to be obedient to her, so that she could continue to believe her. In this way, he could hurt her.
	"Sophie, do you think I am as silly as before? I have to take revenge on you!" Timothy held his phone tightly and said to himself firmly.
	Timothy had been changed. He could no longer trust Sophie conditionally.
	His eyes were filled with hatred, as if his anger was about to burst out.
	He was holding a water glass in his hand, and the water glass was crushed into pieces due to the tightening force of his palm.
	The palm of his hand was also scratched by glass shards, but he didn't care about it at all, as if he didn't feel the pain because the pain in his mind had far surpassed the pain of being scratched.
	After a while, he managed to deal with the wound on his palm, and then he began to think about his next plan to fight against Sophie.
	And Sophie was happily expecting Timothy to bring her good news. However, she didn't expect that she would encounter something worse before he could bring her good news.
	Sophie went to the hospital to visit May again. Certainly, May wasn't kind to her again.
	"Get out! Never allow her to enter this room!" May said to the nursing worker, who entered the room with water.
	"I got it." The nursing worker promised and then said to Sophie, "Please get out!"
	Sophie wasn't angry at all. She said to May with a smile, "Because of Sky, I won't be mad at you no matter how you treat me. Although you don't want to see me, I have to visit you because I am your daughter-in-law."
	Sophie was very happy when she saw that May was very angry. She hoped she could upset her to death.
	After leaving the ward, she went to the underground parking lot by taking the elevator. As soon as she walked out of the elevator, she was pulled into a hidden corner of the safety staircase.
	"What are you trying to do?" Sophie looked at those two men who were getting close to her.
	Both of them wore hats and masks, so she couldn't see their faces at all. What was more, there was no CCTV here. It seemed that they had planned it well already.
	"Don't you know what we are trying to do?" One man said to her, and he even disguised his voices deliberately.
	"Do you want money? I can give you money." Sophie thought that she could persuade them not to hurt her by giving them money, "How much do you want?"
	"How much do you think your life is worth?" They asked her.
	"My... My life is... " Sophie shrank in the corner, and she didn't know how to answer them.
	Her life was priceless in her own mind. Did she have to give them all the property she finally got from Sky?
	No, she couldn't give all the property to them. Otherwise, she couldn't enjoy her own life in the future.
	"I only have one million. And I would like to give all of it to you. OK?" Sophie lied to them.
	"One million? Do you think we are beggars?" The man said to her coldly.
	"It seems that you don't cherish your own life at all." The other man said with sarcasm.
	"I swear I only have one million." Sophie pitifully said, "I am pregnant, so I have no way to earn too much money... This million is really all my property."
	"It seems that you have to get some pain and then you can tell the truth."
	"I don't lie to you." Sophie shook her head.
	And then they approached her and picked her up like a little chick.
	She really hoped that someone could help her now.
	"Don't think that there is someone who can save you now. We have prepared it well already. Otherwise, we won't do it in this way. " They had locked the safety door, so no one could save her.
	Sophie felt hopeless and more scared.
	In front of these two men who were murderous, she felt more and more scared. She swallowed hard and then tried to yell out without hesitation because of her desire for survival.
	However, her mouth was stuffed with cloth before she yelled out, and then she was pushed to the ground.
	"Do you want to escape? Don't be silly!" The man gave her a slap on her face.
	"Don't talk nonsense with her. Let's just get things done." The other man said, "We will be in trouble if we stay here for a long time."
	She wanted to say something, but she couldn't speak at all because her mouth was stuffed with cloth. She had to keep shaking her head and crying.
	The other man squatted down and sat on the ground to face her. He sneered and then said, "Do you want to have a talk with us?"
	Sophie nodded in a hurry because she didn't want to miss the chance to talk with them.
	The man pulled out the cloth stuffed in her mouth and said, "Go ahead. It may be your last words."
	"However, if you dare to yell out, I will scratch your neck with my knife. Do you think you shout faster or do I scratch your neck faster with a knife?" The man warned her viciously.
	Sophie shook her head to show them that she dared not to yell out.
	The cloth was pulled out of her mouth, and then Sophie said while taking a deep breath, "You just work for someone to earn money. I can give you much more money. I can give you all of my property, including cash and houses. Please let me go. I won't tell anyone about it. Please..."
	Sophie begged them pitifully, because she was really frightened now.
	She also knew that money was not as important as her life. As long as she was still alive, she was not afraid that she would not be able to get money in the future. So she couldn't die!
Chapter 363 Are You Begging Me to Save You?
	As long as she stayed together with Sky, she wouldn't be poor even though he had no property. Because he was the son of the Tanner family, he could sue the Tanner family if they took away his legal assets.
	Therefore, it was important for him to save herself. Moreover, she was pregnant, she couldn't lose her baby because this baby was her bargaining chip to coerce Timothy and keep Sky to stay with her.
	She couldn't lose her baby because she thought that this baby was still valuable.
	"Do you know that you are insulting us?" The man sneered and pinched her chin with his hand, "We also have good professional ethics. So it doesn't work no matter how much money you can give us."
	"Then... What can I do?" Sophie felt hopeless, and she didn't know what she could do to persuade them.
	"You just need to cooperate with us obediently to help us complete our task." The man answered.
	"What's your task? Do you want to kill me?" Her voice trembled and her face was pale.
	"We indeed have to kill you..."
	"Please let me go. As long as you don't kill me, you can tell me no matter what you want, and I will try my best to give you what you want." Sophie quickly knelt down on the ground and bowed to them with tears, "Besides, my life is not worth money. I'm afraid it will dirty your hands if you kill me. It is not worth it."
	"It doesn't work no matter what you say. Once we have been entrusted by others, we will be loyal to our bosses. This is our working style and will never change." Although Sophie was crying with tears and begging them, they didn't sympathize with her.
	"Don't talk nonsense with her anymore. Let's get things done and then leave." The other man was impatient.
	"We are in the hospital now. Won't you be afraid of being arrested by the police if you kill me? Now we live in a society under the rule of law, you can't kill anyone casually. Even if you don't think about yourself, you should think about your family. Right?"
	The man caught Sophie impatiently with one hand and pinched her chin to stop her from talking with the other hand. And then he took out a small bottle that had been prepared from his bag. He used his thumb to pull the cork down firmly and then opened it.
	Sophie looked at the bottle with clear liquid, and her eyes were full of horror. She was resisting the bottle all over.
	"Please... No..."
	She couldn't yell out at all, and the man quickly poured down the transparent potion into her mouth.
	When the potion was poured into her mouth, the man loosened her chin and stood up.
	Sophie pinched her own neck, fell on the ground, and started coughing.
	"It's done. Let's go! " The man was very satisfied with his work, and then they turned back and left.
	"Ms. Linder, take good care of yourself." The other man said to her.
	Sophie caught one of his corners of his pants before he turned back with all of her strength that her fingers turned white.
	"Please... Don't leave me alone. " Sophie coughed again, and she caught his pant tightly because she was afraid that he would leave, "Please... Please give me an antidote... I don't want to die..."
	She opened her eyes and looked at the man. The man laughed when he saw that she was afraid of death.
	"Are you afraid of death?" The man asked her.
	"Yes, I don't want to die. I can do everything for you as long as you spare me... " Sophie tightly grasped the only light of hope in front of her.
	"If you want to survive, you must exchange it with the other life." The man looked at her from her face to her underbelly.
	Sophie also looked at her bulging belly. Suddenly, the man kicked her off and then left.
	Sophie sat there in a daze, and then she felt pain in her underbelly.
	She touched her under belly with her trembling hands. It hurt so much, as if there were thousands of silver needles which were piercing her pores, and it also felt like a knife which was scraping back and forth in her underbelly.
	She was so painful that her face was pale, and there was sweat falling down from her forehead. She was too painful because she couldn't straighten her fingers and toes, and her lip was also bitten by herself and bleeding.
	"It hurts... " Sophie gritted her teeth tightly to bear the pain, "Ahhh..."
	Sophie saw that there was blood falling from her legs to the ground, which looked like rouge blooming on rice paper. Quickly, it looked like a painting of blood.
	Sophie touched the blood with her hands, and her palms quickly became red.
	Since her belly hurt so much, she realized that they wanted to kill her baby.
	They wanted to exchange her child's life for her life! Were they trying to warn her?
	However, she didn't know who would be so cruel to kill her baby and her.
	Except Bright, she didn't know who would dare to hurt her in this way. Therefore, she thought it must be Bright.
	And Bright wanted to hurt her because of Rose. So she hated Rose even more.
	Sophie was furious, and she thought that she had to take revenge on Rose.
	As long as she could survive this time, she would try her best to kill Rose. She would rather die with her than let her go.
	It was the biggest revenge against Bright by harming Rose.
	She would never give up like this. Even if she lost the bargaining chip to threaten them because of the loss of her children, she must survive because she wanted revenge.
	Sophie was lying on the ground. She touched the ground with both hands, and struggled with her feet on the ground, and then she crawled from the corner to the emergency exit gradually.
	Although it hurt so much, she tried her best to crawl forwards because of her desire to live. When she crawled to the side of the emergency exit, she tried her best to push off the door with her palms which were stained with blood. After trying many times, the door was finally pushed off a little bit, and she was just able to crawl out through the crack of the door. And she left her red handprint by the door.
	After crawling out, she was dirty. She thought that there must be someone in the underground parking lot.
	As long as there was someone here, she could be saved.
	So she yelled out with all of her strength, "Help... Please help..."
	A passing car stopped and someone got out of the car. With the sound of high heels, someone came to her.
	Sophie was already exhausted in pain, and her vision began to blur. But she opened her eyes hard and tried to see the person clearly.
	"Please help... Please help my baby... Please..."
	The person looked at her and stood still there. There was no light, so Sophie couldn't see the person's face clearly.
	"Sophie, are you asking me for help?" The person said to her slowly, "Do you know who I am?"
	"Who are you?" Sophie tried her best to open her eyes. Finally, she saw the person clearly, and she was scared to death, "It's you! Why are you here?"
Chapter 364 She Had to Survive
	Sophie couldn't believe that it was Rose. When she was in trouble and needed some help, it was Rose who was standing in front of her. Why?
	As Rose appeared here, Sophie believed her inference even more that the reason why she was harmed must have something to do with Rose. Otherwise, how could she appear here by coincidence?
	In her opinion, they didn't like each other at all, and they even wanted to kill each other. Therefore, she didn't expect that Rose would save her. And she was unwilling to ask her for help because she really hated her the most.
	If she asked Rose for help, it would be a humiliation for her. Because from then on, as long as she was alive, she would always owe Rose.
	Sophie gritted her teeth tightly and held her first tightly. Although it hurt so much in her underbelly, she was unwilling to ask her for help.
	"Sophie, why are you so surprised when you see me?" Rose asked her, and she saw that Sophie was lying on the ground and she looked very bad.
	"... " Sophie didn't answer her, and she lowered her head to avoid her eyes.
	Rose saw that her face and lips were pale, she was sweaty and her clothes were stained with blood.
	Especially her blood flowed from her legs to the safety gate, and the red blood stains on the ground were horrifying.
	Rose couldn't help but frown when she saw Sophie's situation. It seemed that something had happened to her just now.
	"What happened?" She didn't care about her, and she was just curious.
	"It's none of your business." Sophie didn't want to tell her what had happened just now.
	"You really look bad right now. Do you need some help? " Rose bent down to see her face and asked her with a smile.
	Sophie thought that Rose was laughing at her when she saw her smile, which really made her feel sad and she was even difficult to breath. Every time she breathed, she felt pain, as if she was going to die.
	Sophie didn't know how she could be able to endure this kind of pain like tearing her body.
	She was once not able to endure any pain, and she was effeminate. Every time she was injured, she would cry and asked Sky to comfort her. Now she could even endure such a pain...
	So she wouldn't ask Rose for help, because she wouldn't allow Rose to laugh at her.
	What was more, she believed that the reason why she was harmed must have something to do with Rose.
	Therefore, she refused Rose, "Rose, you don't need to pretend to care about me. You must be very happy because I have been harmed like this. Right? I knew that it was all because of you."
	"Because of me? Why? " Rose asked.
	"Although you can take advantage of your pretty face to trick Bright, Sky and May, I know you just pretend to be kind and you are really vicious."
	"I think they are so silly that they can be tricked by you, and they even think that you are nice and kind. What you have done insidiously will be exposed to the public one day! Rose, since you hurt me like this, I will never let you go!"
	"Sophie, are you a dog? Do you always bite others? I think you are going to be crazy. " Rose stood still and said to her calmly, "I am not a goddess. I won't allow you to hurt me again."
	"Since you don't need my help, you should take good care of yourself. And I don't want to help you either, because you deserve it."
	After she finished speaking, she turned back and left without any hesitation. She walked towards his car, and then got into the car and drove away.
	And Sophie was lying on the ground, and it hurt so much that she almost went faint.
	She was too tired to crawl. She felt that she was losing her strength gradually, and she began to lose consciousness...
	She said in a low voice, "Help... Help me... I don't want to die.
	Sophie was lying on the ground without moving. She didn't know whether she could survive.
	Even if she survived, it was impossible to save her baby.
	Sophie lowered her head, and she tried not to fall asleep under the help of her desire to survive. She must be sober because she had to fight against Rose. Since she didn't die, she wouldn't give up easily.
	She suddenly tried to crawl forwards with all of her strength. Although she crawled slowly, she knew that she had to save herself. Otherwise, she would die...
	After a long time, she moved to the track for cars. A car just came out, and the lights hit her."
	Although she couldn't see the person carefully, she knew that there was someone who got out of the car and then walked toward her.
	She was surprised. However, she almost couldn't keep herself sober before the person approached her. She passed out into a coma and plunged into the boundless darkness.
	Time passed by. And it went round and round from day to night...
	In the dark, there was a light shining from her head. There was a person who was approaching her slowly. When the person approached her, she finally saw that it was Sky.
	He looked indifferent, and he said to her without any concern, "Sophie, you should leave now."
	"Sky, what are you talking about?" Her voice trembled because she could believe that he would ask her to leave.
	"I allowed you to stay in the Tanner family just because of the baby. Now that the baby has passed away, I don't need to ask you to stay in the Tanner family. It will be the best choice for you by leaving here." Sky's words sounded unfeeling and made her feel sad.
	Sophie bit her lip and tried not to cry with tears. She looked up at him and said, "Sky, please give me one more chance. We are young so we can have a baby again in the future..."
	"Don't be silly." Sky wanted to leave.
	Sophie rushed to him and hugged his legs to stop him from leaving, "Sky, I love you. You can't treat me in this way."
	"Get away from me!" Sky kicked her off without any mercy.
	Sky kicked her chest heavily and then she vomited a mouthful of blood. When she got better, Sky had already left and disappeared into the darkness.
	She thought that it was unfair, so she hated her, "Ahh..."
	After she screamed, she finally realized the facts.
	She had already burst into tears when she opened her eyes. All she could see was a piece of white and strangers.
	"Ms. Linder, are you OK? I'll call the doctor. " A fat middle-aged woman looked at her with a smile when she saw Rose wake up.
	Sophie caught the woman quickly and asked, "Who are you?"
	"I am a nursing worker who will take care of you. You can call me Jemima. " Jemima felt hurt as she held her tightly, "Ms. Linder, can you let me go?"
Chapter 365 She Killed Our Baby
	Sophie had to let her go. Jemima said to her as soon as she let her go, "I'll take some clean water for you to freshen up."
	"No, thanks." Sophie said.
	"Okay. I'll call the doctor." Jemima thought for a while and said again, "Ms. Linder, do you want some water or what else do you need?"
	"Where's my baby?" When Sophie asked her about it, she was so frightened to get the answer that she trembled.
	"Baby?" Jemima blinked and she didn't understand.
	"How's my baby? Where is my baby?" Sophie touched her belly and she felt more and more frightened.
	When she woke up, she felt that her underbelly had been flat, and she knew that her baby had gone.
	Actually, when she bled a lot and fainted, she knew that she would lose her baby. However, when she really lost her baby, she couldn't accept the fact and she even felt very painful.
	She knew that she'd better not to give birth to this baby to cover up her own lies because Sky wasn't the biological father of her baby, but this was a baby who was connected with her, and it had been in her womb for several months, so she loved it somehow.
	When she thought of her child's death, she couldn't wait to peel off Rose's skin and drink her blood because she really hated her.
	"I don't know." Jemima shook her head.
	"Then what else do you know?" Sophie suddenly looked at Jemima with anger, "Who asked you to take care of me?"
	"A handsome man asked me to take care of you." Jemima answered.
	"What's his name? Sky Tanner?" Sophie thought of Sky, because she thought that he was the most handsome guy in her mind, and no one could bear comparison with him.
	"I heard his subordinate called him Mr. Tanner. But I don't know whether he is Sky Tanner..." Jemima felt that Sophie's gaze was a bit creepy.
	This woman looked beautiful, but she was full of hostility. It seemed that it would be hard to get along with her.
	"It's him. I want to see him right now." Sophie tried to suppress her grievance and fury.
	"I... I don't know where Mr. Tanner is. I am just employed by him to take good care of you. And that's all." Jemima also felt very sorry. She was just a nursing worker, and she didn't know anything.
	Sophie looked at the bedside table and didn't see her bag. So she asked again, "Where is my phone?"
	"I have packed your items into the cabinet. I will take them to you. " Jemima walked towards the cabinet and took out the bag.
	Sophie started to find her phone as soon as she took over her bag, only to find that it was powered off.
	"Give me your phone." Sophie put her bag on her side and asked Jemima.
	Jemima gave her phone to Sophie, and Sophie took it over quickly and then she called Sky. However, Sky didn't answer her call.
	She kept calling him, but he didn't answer her call. Sophie felt bad and she thought that she was abandoned by Sky just like she was abandoned by him in her dream that night.
	She kept calling him until he answered her call. As soon as he answered the call, she said to him in a hurry, "Sky, it's me..."
	"Ms. Linder, I am Rex Cox, the assistant of Mr. Tanner. He is in a meeting now. What's wrong? I can send your word later if you need. " Rex looked at Sky who was sitting opposite. He was reading some documents and he didn't care about Sophie at all, as if it was none of his business.
	"I want to see Sky right now!" Sophie held the phone tightly and ordered him.
	"Ms. Linder, he is not available to see you now." Rex said to her calmly.
	"Where is he? Is he in the company now?" Sophie thought that Sky should be in the company according to what she had been told just now.
	"After the meeting, he has to go out to participate in a social engagement at once. Ms. Linder, Mr. Tanner is really busy. He will visit you once he is free." Rex answered.
	"Please tell him I want to see him as soon as possible." Sophie said to him with anger.
	"Well, I will." After hanging up, Rex felt relaxed.
	He put the phone on the large log desk and said, "Mr. Tanner, I have tried my best."
	"Take this phone. If she calls again, help me figure out a way to send her away." Sky stopped reading the documents and said to him indifferently.
	"Mr. Tanner, can I say something?" Rex wanted to give him some suggestions.
	Sky gestured to him to go ahead.
	And then Rex said, "I don't think it will work in this way. I think you can go to see her and talk with her officially to show your attitude to her, so that she can understand what she should do later."
	"I don't need you to teach me what to do." Sky glanced at Rex.
	And Rex didn't dare to say anything again.
	"I just don't want to see her." Sky continued, "I know I should. But I don't want to do it right now. I want to make her anxious, so that she can know that I don't care about her, and I have just tricked her these days."
	"You are always thoughtful." Rex flattered, "If there's nothing else to do, I will leave first."
	When Rex intended to leave, Sky knocked on the desk with his right hand and reminded him, "You've forgotten the phone."
	Rex quickly took up the phone and then left.
	Sky remained unaffected by her. He continued to read the files piled up on his desk page by page, and it seemed that he didn't feel bored at all.
	After work, Sky stayed in the company for half an hour, then he drove home for dinner. His father Sam and sister Alaya were both at home.
	After dinner, Sam was going to have dinner in May. Sky said to him, "Dad, let me take it to the hospital for my mom."
	"No, thanks." This was the first time Sam had spoken to his son during these days, "You don't need to go to the hospital, or your mom will be angry when she sees you."
	"Dad, I won't make my mom angry again." Sky said to him gently.
	"Sky, I think you need to consider for us from now on." Sam frowned, "You should understand us."
	"Dad, I got it. I will do better. " Sky took up the insulation barrels in his hands and said, "I would like to go to the hospital to visit my mom now." And then he went to the hospital and had dinner with May. After dinner, he talked with May for a while, and then it was time for him to go to visit Sophie.
	As soon as Jemima walked out of the ward, she saw Sky. She said, "Hello, Mr. Tanner. Ms. Linder misses you so much."
	"You can leave now. Don't come in if I don't ask." Sky closed the door and walked into the ward.
	Sophie smiled at once as soon as she saw Sky, and she got up from the bed quickly.
	"Stay on the bed." Sky said.
	"Do you worry about me?" Sophie felt warm in her mind.
	"Sophie, don't be silly." Sky shook his head, "I just come to make things clear with you."
	"What... What do you mean?" Sophie was frightened, "Do you want to talk about our baby?"
	She continued because she didn't want to give Sky the chance to talk about it, "Sky, you must take revenge for our baby."
	And then she cried with tears. Sky was very calm, and he looked indifferently, "Why?"
	"Rose killed our baby."
Chapter 366 I Would Rather Die in Her Arms
	Sophie cried and also convicted Rose.
	Sky wasn't surprised when he heard that. It could be seen that there were some emotional fluctuations in his eyes. He didn't believe Sophie at all. And he didn't think that Rose would kill her baby.
	"Sky, this is our first baby. It should have been the eldest child of in the Tanner family. But Rose killed it. You must take revenge on her." Sophie continued to slander Rose.
	Even though he didn't trust her, she wouldn't let Rose off.
	Anyway, she was not afraid of anything. Even if she had to die, she would take Rose to go to hell together.
	"Sophie, I don't think Rose will kill your baby." Sky showed his trust in Rose.
	Sophie also knew that Sky wouldn't believe her. She became his wife by tricking and harming Rose before, so Sky wouldn't believe her again after he knew the truth.
	"Sky, I know you won't believe me. But it is true that she killed our baby." Sophie felt sad.
	It was because I didn't trust Rose that I doubted her and hurt her. Now, I will no longer believe you. Even though she hates you, she would rather hurt you than your baby. Because she can distinguish right from wrong and she knows that the baby is innocent. I won't suspect her or even hurt him or take revenge on her again because of you."
	Sky had lost the one he loved most and his happiness, so he wouldn't believe Sophie again. He wouldn't be tricked by her again.
	"Sky, I was wrong before. But it was because I love you so much. This time, I swear I am not lying. It's true that she killed our baby. Please believe me..." Sophie tried to persuade Sky.
	"I will no longer trust you. Sophie, never try to deceive me again." Sky said to her firmly.
	Sophie cried with tears. She frowned and she looked as fragile as glass at that moment, so pitiful that one would want to hug her tightly.
	However, Sky had known what kind of person she was, so he wouldn't be deceived by her again.
	"Sophie, I came here to tell you that I won't love you anymore. And our relationship is over."
	"Sky, what... What do you mean? " Sophie was distressed.
	Sky took out a piece of document from his pocket on his coat and threw it on the quilt, "This is a divorce agreement. Sign it."
	Sophie didn't read the agreement at all. She answered, "I won't sign it. Never."
	"Sky, is it because our baby was killed? I... I think we can have a baby again as we are still young. Sky, if you don't want to take revenge for our baby, I won't push you. I won't complain about anything even though you want to protect Rose... I will be obedient. Please don't divorce me."
	"Sophie, don't you understand? I should have divorced you already. If it's not because I want to protect her, I wouldn't have been with you again." Sky sneered, "You know what? I felt very sick every day being with you."
	Sophie was really shocked by his harsh words, and was rendered depressed.
	Rose! It was Rose again!
	"Sky, you told me that you wanted to start a new life with me for our baby..."
	"I did lie to you. How could I want to start a new life with you? What's more, I am not the biological father of this baby. Although the baby is innocent, I don't want to its dad."
	"Yes, you are. Please believe me. "Sophie lied like before.
	"Sophie, you always lie." Sky sneered, "Now, I might as well tell you that I have never loved you in the past five years! I had had gratitude and affection for you, but when I knew what you had done before, I stopped feeling guilty, and I only hated you and thought you were disgusting."
	"No, that's not true."
	"Believe it or not, I just tell you the truth. And you have to sign this agreement, or I will sue you."
	"I won't sign it."
	"Sophie, I am not as patient as before. This time, you can consider it in three days. "Sky gave her a deadline, "Just call me after you sign it. I got to go."
	When he intended to leave, Sophie called him quickly, "Wait a minute."
	Sky didn't turn back, "There's no need to talk much about it. And, I won't see you again."
	"No, Sky... " Sophie rushed towards him and stopped him from leaving. She said to him with sadness, "Sky, are you mad at me because I didn't protect our baby well? Then we can have more children..."
	Sophie rushed into his arms and struggled to kiss his face.
	However, Sky felt that she was disgusting. He held her hands and pushed her away hard, and then she fell down on the ground.
	"Sophie, stop! You will make me hate you more by doing so."
	Sophie sat on the ground and weeping, "Sky, I shouldn't have deceived and hurt Rose those years, but it was because I loved you and I wanted to save you. You know what? She hesitated for a long time, and she couldn't decide whether she should save you when you were sick. And I kept persuading her to save you by giving birth to a child. I have worked hard to help you."
	"Without me, you couldn't have been cured, and you can't be so healthy now. Sky, I am the one who saved you. You can't treat me like this. Even though you have never loved me, I can try my best to love you. This is just my love alone."
	"These are highfalutin explanations." Sky thought Sophie was simply shameless, "If you really loved me, you wouldn't have done these bad things, you wouldn't have deceived me, and you wouldn't have separated me and Rose to make me miserable."
	"I would rather you never loved me so that we wouldn't suffer so much. You know what? I would rather die than be separated from her. Even if I die, I am willing to die in her arms, which will be better than regretting this every day."
Chapter 367 We Are Trying on Wedding Dresses Today
	The pain suppressed in Sky's heart eventually broke out. When he looked at Sophie, there was only hate and coldness in his eyes without any warmth.
	Sophie was covered by such coldness, as if she was trapped in an icehouse so that she was too numb to move.
	"Sky, you are just blinded by anger." She was never willing to accept the truth.
	"Sophie, I hate you!" Finishing these words, Sky turned around and left in order not to stay with her.
	She stared at the closed door until her eyes got sore and she was near to tears. She started to bawl when she felt the pain was piercing through her body.
	Today it was as if she had fallen from heaven to hell. She could feel Sky's determination that he would never get back to her.
	Jemima opened the door and stood there, looking at her sympathetically, "Ms. Linder, please don't cry. You have just miscarried. Crying is bad for your eyes."
	Sophie didn't respond but kept crying, which distressed Jemima.
	"I understand that you are sad losing the child, but your health is more important." Jemima came up trying to hold her.
	"Don't touch me!" She shook Jemima's hands off with tears on her face.
	She stood up slowly with a trace of malice in her eyes and rushed out of the ward.
	She ran towards an elevator and saw Sky enter it.
	She walked to the elevator and found that it stopped on the sixth floor, where May's ward was.
	She took the elevator to the sixth floor and eased towards the door of May's ward when it was in the dead of night.
	She opened the door and entered the ward. There she saw Sky through the lounge door.
	He sat by May's bed. His face was not as cold and gloomy as before but mild.
	"Have a Drink, mom." He handed a cup of water to May, "I have asked the doctor. He said you are all right now and you can leave here tomorrow."
	"My body is all right and the wound can heal as well. But, I am still felling nervous…" She sighed before finishing her words, "I had a dream yesterday. I dreamed that the baby Sophie is carrying is not yours, not a Tanner.
	Sky, Sophie is wily. Recalling how badly she had treated Rose in those days and let you and Rose end in regret, I am afraid that you will fall for her trick."
	"Mom, don't worry." Sky held her hands and smiled, "I have made it clear to her that our relationship is over."
	"Really?" May was surprised, "Have you given it careful thought? What about the baby? What if the baby is yours?"
	"Mom, the baby can't be mine." Sky wiped away her concern, "I am done with her, so please don't hurt yourself anymore. Mom, I do things by measure and by reason. What you need to do is trust me."
	"So did you stay with her before so as to make sure if the baby is yours?" She figured out the reason that only when he was with Sophie could he verify whether Sophie had lied.
	"Yes." He didn't tell her the truth, "Now everything is clear, there is no need to keep her. I gave her a divorce agreement. If she doesn't sign within three days, I will take legal action. Mom, I am always your good son."
	May stretched out her hand to fondle his head and her eyes were moist, "Now I am relieved. Sky, Sophie doesn't deserve you. Even if the baby is yours, I won't let her be with you and get in the Tanner family."
	"Mom, don't mention her anymore." Sky even felt disgusted when hearing her name. Therefore, the time he spent with her when he pretended to love her really got to him. Now he was eventually relieved.
	"Okay, I won't mention her anymore." May smiled with delight and this was her most sincere smile these days.
	Hearing that, Sophie was totally upset. She returned to her own ward absent-mindedly.
	With the talk between May and Sky in her mind, she was rendered extremely painful by their harsh words. Her chest was sore as if blocked by dark clouds.
	Sophie kicked out Jemima and took out her phone, "Timothy…"
	Timothy heard her crying and asked, "What happened?"
	After crying for a while, she sniffled, "Timothy, I am fine. We need to fix May right away."
	"Right away? Like… now?" He asked.
	"The sooner the better. I can't wait another second." She acted like a spoiled child, which worked for Timothy every time. She said, "May will be discharged tomorrow."
	"Okay. I get it. Wait for my good news." He promised.
	Throwing the phone on the bed, she sat on the bed with her knees bent, held her legs in arms, put her chin on legs and stared straight with evil thoughts in her mind.
	In her mind, May was the biggest barricade that kept her away from Sky and stirred things up. And it was also because May liked Rose so that Sky broke up with her. Therefore, May had to be killed.
	In fact, she was just cheating herself as if been bewitched by a demon.
	Rose would follow May. Only one of them could survive and that would be Sophie herself.
	Rose brought grandpa home recently and her work was going well. Because of work, she had more contact with Sky than before, but she had talked only about work with him and kept him at a distance.
	This afternoon she would have a negotiation with Sky in terms of work in Beach Hotel.
	"Rose, thanks for your efforts these days. I would like to treat you to dinner." Sky extended an invitation to Rose.
	"Mr. Tanner, I…" Her phone rang and it was Bright, "Honey, I have been here and you can come down now."
	Rose glanced at Sky and said, "Mr. Tanner, I am sorry that my husband has come to pick me up."
	"Okay. I'll bring you there." Sky was a little bit upset.
	"No, thanks." Rose was afraid that Bright and Sky would get angry when meeting each other.
	"But I also need to go downstairs. Let's go." Sky walked towards an elevator.
	Getting out of the hotel, Rose saw Bright standing in front of the car. He was tall and attractively handsome.
	Seeing them come out together, Bright walked up to them and held Rose's shoulder, "Thank you, Mr. Tanner."
	"Mr. Lee, are you available today? I would like to treat you and Rose to dinner."
	"What a pity! We are trying on wedding dresses today." Bright showed it off to Sky.
Chapter 368 It Depends on Mrs. Lee
	Hearing that, Sky tried hard to keep calm on the surface, but there was a storm in his heart and disappointments in his eyes.
	"Well. Congratulations." Sky smiled bitterly and sent them his sincere wishes.
	Although he was reluctant and upset, he clearly knew that he was not qualified to give her happiness. Why not bless them generously? Perhaps she would still have feelings for him.
	"Thanks." Rose appreciated that and gave her wishes, "I hope one day you can find your happiness."
	Maybe she had complained of God's injustice to her and of Sky's distrust, but now the misunderstanding between her and Sky had been cleared up.
	The reason why they would be like this was mostly because of Sophie's tricks, so she didn't hate Sky and now she regarded him as her friend and brother.
	"Let's go." Bright opened the door and helped her get on the car considerately. Then he got on the car and left.
	He held to the wheel and glanced at Rose next to him, "Let's have dinner first."
	"Try on the dresses first, or I am afraid that I will be too full to wear them." Rose asked, "Has Nora arrived?"
	She had made an appointment with Nora that they needed to get married on the same day or be the other's bridesmaid. However, when Nora got married, she was not in City H. Now she was going to have a wedding, but Nora was married.
	It was said that once getting married, one could not be groomsman or bridesmaid. So it was a pity for them.
	However, Rose didn't care about it. She just wanted her best confidante to be her bridesmaid even though Nora had been married.
	"Just ask her." His voice was filled with pleasure because their wedding was approaching. He was so expectant and excited that he was just like an immature youth.
	After Rose texted to ask Nora, she looked up at his handsome face, "Do you mind if I insist on her being my bridesmaid? Would your family…"
	"As long as you are happy." His face was filled with affection for her and his voice was so mild, "As my wife, you don't need to care about how others view or think of you. I will always be with you."
	Rose was overwhelmed by such warm words, her heart bursting with happiness.
	"Thanks for your consideration. I appreciate it." She laid her hand on his knee.
	"Polite again? How can I make my wife remember to stop thanking me for this and that?" He stopped the car when the traffic light turned red.
	He held her hand and unfastened his seat belt. He leaned forward and kissed her lips, then there was a tenderness between their lips and teeth.
	She was made obsessed, but she still kept a glimmer of sanity, "It's dangerous."
	He let go of her lips reluctantly, fondled her ruddy lips and reminded her, "If you distance yourself again with me, this will be the punishment."
	Rose's face turned red, "How can it be punishment? You are clearly looking out for your own good."
	"Don't expose me, Mrs. Lee." He smiled with his deep eyes.
	Before the traffic light turned green, he had already fastened his seat belt and started the car.
	Soon they reached the best wedding dress store in City H. Nora was there waiting for them and drinking coffee elegantly.
	"Here you are!" Nora put down the platinum coffee mug and stood up.
	She was wearing a soft V-neck dress and tassel earrings with her slender waist and figure, which was really appealing and brilliant.
	"Have you selected the dress?" Rose asked.
	"Rose, come and see who this is." Nora brought her to the zone for wedding dresses.
	Then the silk drapery of the circular dressing room was pulled back by the staff and a woman in purple came out.
	The purple was noble and bright. The chiffon was light and soft with delicate embroidery, which looked beautiful and elegant.
	"Jane?" Rose was surprised to see her.
	She hadn't taken time off to tell Jane about the wedding. Because she wanted to go to City Y to send Jane an invitation in person once the date was fixed so as to surprise her. However, Rose was one who was surprised.
	"Rose, congratulations!" Jane stepped forward and her smile revealed her blessing for Rose.
	"Thanks." Rose received her wishes and said to Nora, "Do you want Jane to be my bridesmaid with you? It's a great idea."
	That her best girl friends could be her bridesmaid really made her happy.
	"Rose, I know Jane is your best friend in City Y and it was she that helped you get through the toughest years. Therefore, she is more suitable to be your bridesmaid." Nora made efforts to persuade Jane to cooperate with her, "Compared with the bridesmaid, I have a preferred role in your wedding."
	"What's that?" Rose asked.
	"The wedding MC." Nora said, "Though we cannot be each other's bridesmaid, our sincerity is enough. Moreover, Jane is single, and I am married. So she needs more chances to meet some single men."
	Though she said so, she knew that if she was going to be the bridesmaid as a married woman, it might dissatisfy the Lee family.
	"Have you considered it carefully?" Rose didn't continue to persuade her, because no one could change what she decided.
	"Sure." Nora nodded and looked at Bright behind Rose, "However, to be the wedding MC needs Mr. Lee's agreement."
	"It will be okay if I agree. Don't mind about him." Rose held Nora's and Jane's hands, "I will be happy as long as you are here."
	"…" Nora glanced at Bright who was not able to join their conversation.
	Bright mildly held Rose's shoulders in his arms and said, "It depends on Mrs. Lee."
	"Mr. Lee, are you scared of your wife?" Nora wanted to laugh, but she dared not.
	"No. I respect her no matter what she does." Bright explained.
	"Okay, I understand." Nora nodded, "Then it's a deal."
	"Sure, no one can make it except you." Rose thought that would be a good arrangement.
	"Okay, now try on your wedding dresses with Mr. Lee. Jane and I haven't had dinner. We are looking forward to your treat." Nora pushed her towards the three models in wedding dresses in the middle.
Chapter 369 No One Is More Beautiful than Mrs. Lee
	Bright had been taken to the men's dressing room by other staff.
	"These three wedding dresses were just shipped back from Europe. They are not only man-made and are the latest styles, but also the most beautiful. Pick one and we are going to take the fabulous wedding photos. The most fascinated ones!" Nora introduced the dresses to Rose.
	Looking at the three white and holy wedding dresses, Rose couldn't help admiring the designers who made the wedding dresses. They were so beautiful that she dared not touch them.
	"Jane, which one do you think is the best? I have difficulty in choosing one. I think they are all wonderful." Rose looked at the delicate lace and the shiny pearl diamond, and found it was hard to pick one that she loved.
	"I have no idea either," replied Jane. The bridesmaid dress was custom-made for Jane, which was suitable for her both in color and in style.
	"If you like them all, take them away to take photos. Anyway, Mr. Lee won't mind spending money on it." Nora put her arm around Rose's shoulder. "Then you don't have to choose."
	Rose looked at Nora with a look that seemed to say that money was not to be wasted in such way.
	"Silly girl, a woman only gets married once in her life, so she has to be very beautiful." Nora pointed to one of the dresses and said, "Try all three before you decide."
	Nora beckoned the staff to help and led Rose into the wedding dressing room.
	Putting on a wedding dress was a tedious and difficult task, so before Rose had changed her wedding dress, Bright had got changed.
	He was wearing a pure white shirt, a milky white vest and coat, and a tie of the same color. The white color softened his cold look and lightened his harsh and oppressive aura, making him look tender and gentle.
	This man was a synonym for unsurpassed elegance.
	Nora and Jane were both fascinated by the noble and elegant Bright and couldn't help gazing at him.
	Nora had seen many excellent men, but a man like Bright who had superior temperament, was as bright as the sun, much more excellent than many other people.
	She admitted that Bright was the most handsome man she had ever seen, but she still had Oscar in her heart. If he were still around, how handsome he would be in a wedding suit.
	Thinking of this, Nora's eyes got misty.
	At that moment, the staff pulled back the silk curtain and Rose went out of the dressing room.
	Her wedding dress was designed with off-shoulder style, with pearls embedded around the edge of the collar, which tailored for her shape, and showed her beautiful white neck, sexy collarbone and smooth and fair shoulder.
	The layers of transparent hemlines of the wedding dress, like soft cloud, like smoke, were beautiful and fragile, which astonished everyone who saw the dress.
	Rose came out of the dressing room slowly, like a noble goddess. Her beauty was beyond words.
	Rose noticed something was wrong with Nora, "Nora, what's wrong with you?"
	Nora's eyes were red. "I'm fine. I just think of him."
	Rose naturally knew who Nora referred to. It was her piano teacher, her first love, Oscar.
	Nora wanted nothing more than to spend the rest of her life with him, but Oscar's death made it impossible for them to spend the rest life together. There properly never came the day when Oscar would marry her.
	This was Nora's second regret.
	"Don't think too much." Rose didn't know what to do to make Nora get over the man. "He misses you in the other world and wants you to be happy."
	Nora took a deep breath and raised a bright smile, "Well, it's your happy day today. Don't focus on me. You are the protagonists."
	Nora pushed Rose to Bright and let them stand straight. Then she turned to Jane and said, "Jane, do you think they are a perfect match?"
	"Of course." Jane gave a thumb up at Rose.
	Rose knew that these two friends would make her happy by saying nice things. She tilted her head and looked up at Bright. "Do I look good in this dress?"
	"No one is more beautiful than you, Mrs. Lee," Bright said seriously.
	"Oh, how sweet they are." Nora pretended to look jealous.
	"Ms. Cooper, you're jealous." Bright reached out to hold Rose by the waist. "For the sake that you are Rose's good friend, I won't quarrel with you."
	Nora's eyes widened. "Well, I am jealous," Nora admitted.
	"Darling, change another suit and I will change other dresses. Let's see which one is more beautiful." Rose sent Bright away.
	In this way, Rose changed the three wedding dresses, and Bright, like Nora, ordered all wedding dresses. What's more, there were Chinese-styled dress and skirts. So, it added up to almost ten sets of dresses.
	Since Bright didn't feel it bothered, Rose just accepted it.
	It was dark after they tried on the wedding clothes, and they were all hungry and tired.
	And then, the four of them went to Nora's restaurant and had a feast.
	"I have a room for Miss Smith at the Four Seasons Hotel, and I will have someone drive you there," Bright said.
	"I took Jane to City H, so she should live in my house." Nora pulled Jane to her. "Living in the hotel is not as warm as in home."
	"I thought Miss Smith will be more comfortable in the hotel." Bright had his reason to arrange a room for Miss Smith.
	After all, he and Rose were married, so were Nora and Alan. Jane was not familiar with them, except for Rose. Bright was afraid that Jane would feel restrained at staying with them. Living in the hotel was certainly more comfortable.
	"Jane, it's up to you. Do you want to stay at my house or in a hotel?" Nora asked her.
	"Ms. Cooper, thank you for your kindness. I'd like to stay at the hotel. I don't want to see you and Rose showing affection in front of me." Jane didn't want to disturb them.
	So, Jane was sent to the Four Seasons Hotel by Bill.
	Nora and Rose bade goodbyes and went home respectively.
	Back at home, Rose went to see her daughter first. Doris was lying in bed. When Rose came back, Doris asked Rose to tell her a bedtime story.
	Bright, on the other hand, went to the study after he received a phone call.
	"Mr. Lee, I will act tomorrow. I will do what I promised you and I will give you the evidence." the man said. "But there are some things I need your help."
	"Yes?" Bright answered him quickly.
	Then the man explained the plan briefly and highlighted what Bright was going to do.
	"That's what you have to do. I'm sure she can't escape this time." The man was full of confidence. "Let her have a good taste of what I have had."
Chapter 370 The Poorer Person Is You
	After staying in the hospital for three days, Sophie was discharged. The doctor told her to have a good rest at home.
	When she left, Sophie asked, "Doctor, am I all right? How long will it take me to have a baby if I get well and have a good rest as you said?"
	The doctor frowned slightly as he met Sophie's expectant eyes. "Ms. Linder, generally it will take half a year of recovery before you want to have a baby again after an abortion, but your abortion was not a spontaneous one, but a forced termination by a medicine, which is very bad for your health..."
	Sophie's eyes fluttered. "Doctor, what do you mean? Could you make that clearer?"
	"The medicine is very strong and it has caused damage to your uterus, so you need more time to recover and try not to get pregnant for the moment," the doctor told the truth. "You should know that your chances of getting pregnant again are very low..."
	Sophie felt as if she had been struck by lightning and looked pale. She staggered back and managed to hold on to the back of the chair to prevent her from falling down.
	"Do you mean that I'll never get pregnant again?" Sophie's voice sounded sad. "I can't have children anymore?"
	"I didn't mean that, but the chances are low." The doctor put his hands into the pockets of his white gown and continued, "Even if you are pregnant again now, your health might not allow you to have the baby, and even if you do, it will affect your delivery or your life, so I advise you not to have a child."
	The doctor spoke out the cruel truth, which made Sophie, who had been disappointed and uncomfortable, could not bear it.
	She shook her head in disbelief. "No... it's not true. I want my baby, and I want to be a mother!"
	"Ms. Linder, your health is more important than other things, so take good care of yourself." The doctor had a trace of sympathy for her. "If you really like children, you can go to the orphanage to adopt a kid, so that you can be a mother."
	"Adoption? I can have a baby. Why should I adopt one? Besides, an adopted kid will never equal to the kid you give birth to. I just want to give my husband a child, a child that belongs to us, you know?" Sophie felt that sadness and despair had surrounded her tightly, making her feel suffocated.
	"When you bring it up as your own child, it will feel like your child." The doctor just gave her some advice out of kindness.
	"What's the use of it if we don't have blood relation?!" Sophie could not control her emotions and bellowed. "It's not our baby after all!"
	Doctor frowned, "Ms. Linder, this is the best way out. Of course, it's up to you whether to adopt a child. I'm just making a suggestion. Well, I have work to do, so I have to go now."
	Sophie felt her legs weak and soft and squatted down leaning against the chair. In her eyes, there was nothing but desolate to despair.
	"Ms. Linder, the medical technology is advanced now. As long as you follow the doctor's advice to take good care of yourself and recover, there will be chance to get pregnant again," Jemima advised Sophie. "You need to get over it."
	Sophie's eyes blurred with tears. "Is there any hope?"
	"Of course there is hope if you don't give up." Jemima encouraged her.
	Sophie didn't believe it. She just thought the world was hopeless and she couldn't see where she was going.
	It took her a long time to collect her mind. She left the hospital alone, not knowing where to go.
	Sky had never appeared since he gave her the divorce agreement that night and said those cruel words to her.
	It was the third day, and instead of signing the divorce documents, she tore them up again.
	What she did was to escape from the broken love and miserable marriage.
	She still harbored the hope that as long as she did not agree to divorce, she could be with Sky again.
	She was not willing to let go of Sky, even if Sky had shattered her heart into pieces, she was still deeply in love with him.
	The more Sophie thought about it, the sadder she felt. Tears welled up her eyes and fell like pearls.
	It was not until the driver asked her where she was going that she replied, "Sir, to the SpringHill Villa."
	The only place she could think of was SpringHill Villa, where she and Sky lived together.
	Sophie returned to SpringHill Villa again and walked to the front door. She gently pushed open the courtyard door and walked to the gate, slowly reached for the lock and tried to unlock it with her fingerprint, but the door didn't open.
	She tried a few more times, but failed.
	She smiled a wry smile and looked up at the familiar environment. The sweet and heartbroken memories welled up in her heart. She felt so painful that she almost collapsed.
	"Open the door, Sky!" Sophie knocked at the door. "I'm back... Sky, open the door..."
	Sophie stood there alone, with no one responding to her but wind.
	After a while, she walked out frustratingly, and just as she reached the gate of the courtyard, Nora happened to walk by.
	Nora had already walked past, but suddenly stopped and stepped back to look at Sophie.
	Nora wore a pair of pink sunglasses on her delicate face, which added the chic glamour to her already-glamorous look.
	"Oh, it's you." Nora wore a black undershirt with shorts, with a khaki windbreaker and black boots, which made her legs look straight and slim and white.
	Sophie glanced gloomily at Nora.
	"Sky hasn't been back in many days." Nora glanced up at the deserted villa, "And I heard that this villa has been put up for sale, so you are abandoned by Sky and have no place to go? Well, it's pathetic to be dumped by the same person twice..."
	"But Sophie, you deserve it! How could you be so insidious and mean! Do you think that if Rose and Sky were set apart, you would be really happy and in love? Sky is not a fool. He's woken up to the reality. You should wake up to the reality as well! A person like you doesn't deserve to be in love!"
	"Nora, it's none of your business!" Sophie retorted. "I don't deserve to be in love? The one I love is alive at least. How about yours? He can't come alive anymore! And you will never have the chance to be with him in your whole life. You are the one who is poorer!"
	Nora slapped Sophie in anger. "How do you know that so well?"
Chapter 371 Use Whichever Way That Is the Most Painful
	Nora wondered why Oscar was trapped in the villa. Why the villa would be caught in fire, and why the police figured out that the cause of the fire was an accident?
	Only Rose knew what was going on between her and Oscar, and why Sophie knew she loved him?
	"Why do I know so well? Ask your good friend Rose." Sophie stroked her hot face with a smirk. "She told me everything, otherwise I wouldn't have known anything about you."
	"Oh, Mr. Stevens was such a handsome man. He came over to teach Rose the piano at that time so often. He was so elegant and gentle, as nice as the bright and clear moon in the sky. Not only you, but Rose and I were very fond of Mr. Stevens."
	"But you fell in love with Mr. Stevens at the first sight, so you confessed to him first, and Rose could hide her love in the heart. It's a pity that such an excellent and wonderful person was loved by you. He not only failed to get the true love, but even lost his life. I really felt sorry about that."
	"Nora, what if you're cocky? See what happened to the man you fell in love with? You are the one who doesn't deserve to be loved!"
	Sophie's words cut into Nora's heart, causing her scabby wounds to bleed, and making her body and soul ache.
	Nora's face was as white as a sheet. She clenched her hands and managed to calm down herself. "Don't talk nonsense. I won't let what you said to sow discord between Rose and me."
	"I'm not sowing discord. I'm just telling the truth. Why Mr. Stevens was trapped in a deserted villa and burned to death?"
	Sophie smiled at Nora as if she were looking at a fool. "That's because your love is so beautiful that someone is jealous of you so that person wants to break it! And Mr. Stevens died a miserable death!"
	"Sophie, you're crazy. I won't believe a word you said." Nora firmly believed that Sophie was just trying to sabotage her relationship with Rose. "I'm not Sky who could be set up by you."
	"Then take my words as talking bullshit, because I know how desperate the cruel truth is. It's understandable that you want to escape from it." Sophie looked sincere. "I wish you could escape it your whole life and never know the cruel truth."
	"Don't talking nonsense again." Nora looked at Sophie haughtily, as if she were pitiful for her, "I pity you today so I will let you go for once. If you show up in front of me next time, I will take back what you owe Rose!"
	As Nora turned to leave, Sophie looked at her tall figure and smiled, "What a good friend you are," she said. "I wish your friendship could last forever."
	Sophie also turned around and left in the opposite direction. She went out of the villa and sat down in a coffee shop opposite the villa. She ordered coffee and agree some food to stuff herself, wanting to see if Sky would come back.
	Nora said the house was up for sale, but she still didn't believe it because everything in the villa was complete and arranged neatly. It was not like Sky's temporary residence, so she still believed that Sky would return to the villa.
	Sophie sat with her eyes fixed on the villa, reading the license plate number.
	However, she waited from dawn to dusk, but Sky didn't come back. Instead, she received a phone call from Timothy.
	"What's up?" Sophie did not look away from the villa when she answered the phone, for fear that she would miss Sky's car.
	"Didn't you ask me to get rid of May? I have tied her up," Timothy sounded happily, "Are you satisfied with that?"
	Sophie was happy to hear that May had been under control. "Of course."
	"Then how do you want her to die?" Timothy gave her a choice. "It's up to you."
	Sophie felt a bit excited, and her depression was relaxed a bit. "Which is the most painful way to die?"
	"To dismember her, cut off her flesh bit by bit, just like in the ancient time? She would be painful to the extreme but she couldn't die at once. That should be the most terrible way to kill someone." Timothy suggested.
	Sophie got excited when she heard that. "That sounds pretty good. I've never seen it before."
	"If so, will you come and see such a horrible scene?" Timothy blurted out, but then added," Well, don't come over. I'm afraid you will be freaked out."
	"I'm not that weak as you think!" Sophie retorted. "I had planned to see May all along, and I have to give her the first stab. Even if she dies, I have to let her know why she deserves to die!"
	"Are you really coming?" Timothy asked uncertainly.
	Sophie affirmed, "Of course. Tell me how to find you."
	Timothy said someone would pick her up, but she had to cooperate with him.
	So, Sophie waited for someone to pick her up. When the car came, she got into the car and someone put a blindfold on her.
	She could only feel the car moving on and on and went to a silent place where she could hear no sound at all, as if she had come into the abyss of the world.
	"Sir, are we almost there?" She could hear her heart beating very clearly in the quiet car.
	"Yes, we will be there right away," replied the man.
	As a result, it didn't take long for them to arrive at the destination.
	Someone opened the door and Sophie was taken out of the car. The blindfold was removed and she saw Timothy.
	"Where is May?" Sophie asked quickly.
	"Don't worry. She can't run away..." Timothy's eyes fell on her flat stomach." Your belly... Did you give birth to the child? But the time hasn't come. Where is my kid?"
	"Timothy..." Sophie put her hands on her flat stomach, her eyes red. It was true that she couldn't let go of her baby. "Our child... was killed by Rose. You must avenge our child!"
	"What?" Timothy was shocked. "How could it be her?"
	"You know how much she hates me. She hates me that I have you and the baby, and she couldn't stand to see me living a happy life, so she smashed my dream and killed my baby."
	"She's going to get rid of all the people around me that I care about. This is our first child... He's over six months old. How cruel Rose is!"
Chapter 372 What You Do Will Come Back to You
	Sophie cried as she said, half for the baby, half for stirring up Timothy's sympathy for her.
	The only person she could rely on now was Timothy. Only he would wholeheartedly help her against the person she hated!
	If Rose didn't die, she would never feel at ease.
	"All right, don't cry." Timothy wiped the tears off her face.
	Sophie leaned into his arms and said coquettishly, "Timothy, our son couldn't die for nothing. We have to let Rose pay the price! Timothy, will you promise me let her pay for what she did?"
	"Or are you too scared to say yes because of Bright? That is your kid. Because Bright will stand with her, Rose has nothing to fear and even killed my child. Can you stand that?"
	"Of course I can't. But do you have proof?" Timothy wrapped around her tiny waist.
	"What do you mean?" Sophie asked in a displeased way. "You don't believe what I'm saying? Proof? I am the proof!"
	"Sophie, don't be mad. What I mean is that if we have sound proof, we can give it to the police, and send her to justice." Timothy soothed Sophie, "Mrs. Lee killed a child! That would have a negative impact to the Lee family, who will not accept her."
	"You are too naive. What if we have proof? A child that is not born is not a life, and she will not be punished at all. And with Bright's protection of her, do you think we'll get a fair trial?" Sophie said with hatred. "We can only use our own way to get her punished!"
	"Fine, I will listen to you." Timothy was obedient. "She killed out child, and I won't let her go! But we have to deal with May first."
	Sophie's face softened when she got the answer she wanted. "Fine. Remember that you will get Rose punished. You know how much I trust you."
	"After we deal with Rose, we'll go abroad and spend the rest of our life together. By then I'll give you more babies. What do you thin, Timothy?" She raised her hand and caressed Timothy's face.
	"That's great." Timothy smiled contentedly.
	"Come on, let's see May." Sophie smirked and she raised her head proudly, like a triumphant peacock.
	Timothy led Sophie to an old shack in the woods. The room was not very big, and the walls were mottled. Shimmering orange light went through the cracks.
	Timothy reached for the door, but Sophie took his hand. "Wait for me outside. She used to be my mother-in-law, and I want to say something to her alone. It won't take long."
	"Well, if you need anything, let me know. I'll just talk to the driver over there." Timothy pointed to where the van was parked. The driver was still in the can. "Be safe," he said.
	"Yes." Sophie patted him on the shoulder.
	Timothy turned away, leaving room for Sophie, who opened the door. The iron door let out a squeak.
	Sophie entered the room. The center of the room was empty and a few unused objects were stacked in the corners. May was strapped into a chair in the center.
	Her head bent down, and the hair in elegant style was now messy. The strands of hair obscured her face, and the dim light above her head cast shadows over her, obscuring her shape and expression.
	Sophie stepped on the high-heeled shoes, and walked elegantly to May. Looking at May, who was once so dignified, but now so poor and pathetic, she felt unprecedentedly satisfied.
	As if given a stimulant, she was excited and was in a good mood.
	Sophie snorted and said sarcastically, "Mrs. Tanner, you didn't think you'd be here, did you?"
	But May didn't respond to her. Her indifference made Sophie feel frustrated and uncomfortable.
	Sophie stepped forward and grabbed May by the chin, forcing her to look up at her eyes. "Don't you have anything to say, May?"
	"Sophie, you'll regret it," said May lightly.
	May was not flustered in the face of Sophie, but extremely calm.
	The calmer May was, the angrier Sophie grew. "Regret it? I regret that I didn't let you suffer earlier. Aren't you the noble Mrs. Tanner? Aren't you always elegant and dignified? Look at you now. You are no difference from the beggars!"
	"So?" May asked her.
	Sophie got rid of May's hand disgustingly, and said arrogantly, "You will suffer more later."
	"Sophie, what you have done would come back to you, and that's why you lost your baby..." May stared at her flat stomach. She knew Sophie had lost her child.
	"I don't want this child at all. As long as I'm alive, there will be hopes." Sophie was not sad at all when she mentioned the baby, totally different from the one who cried her eyes out in front of Timothy.
	"That's not Sky's kid." May was sure.
	"Yes, I'm not afraid to tell you that this child is not Sky's." Sophie smiled a soft smile, "If it is not Sky's child, I don't care whether it dies or not, so it doesn't matter if I lost it because I just want to give Sky a baby, and I'm going to do that soon."
	Sophie's eyes were calm, so was her voice, as if she was a heartless person.
	"Never!" Only hearing that was May be irritated. She frowned at Sophie's triumphant smile and shouted, "As long as I am here, I will never allow you to hurt Sky!"
	"May, since you are taken here today, you are not going to get back alive!" Sophie's eyes became fierce. "If you haven't prevented Sky and me from getting back together, he wouldn't have been in a dilemma."
	"If it wasn't for you, I would have gone back to the Tanner family. If it wasn't for you, I would have been happier than I am now... You are the reason why you are in trouble. No one else is to blame!"
	"When you die, Sky will have nothing to worry about, and he can be with me wholeheartedly. We will be happier than before and we will have more babies. It's a pity that you will never see such a warm scene, nor will you enjoy a happy family."
Chapter 373 I Won't Let You Go
	With a happy smile on her face, Sophie was lost in her daydream for a better future, as if she would live happily with Sky all her life.
	"Sophie, dream on!" May broke Sophie's beautiful fantasy, "I know my son well. He will not be with you. Even if I am dead, he will not choose a woman like you! You should stop daydreaming!"
	"You're talking nonsense! Sky has feelings for me and loves children. As long as I try to be pregnant with his baby, we'll be together." Sophie said smugly, refusing to face the harsh reality.
	"You don't deserve to give birth to a baby for Sky and the Tanner family." May, however, broke her beautiful fantasy again, "He would never be with someone who killed his mother!"
	"He wouldn't know that I kill you." Sophie raised an eyebrow in triumph.
	"The net of Heaven has large meshes, but it lets nothing through. You can't escape. Sky is so smart. He will know that you are the murderer of his mother one day!" May was also confident in Sky.
	"There are people dying every day in this world. Some people have been dead for more than ten years, but nothing can be found out. Moreover, there are many cases every year that can't be solved. You won't be so lucky." Sophie tried to scupper May's naive thoughts.
	"Since I've chosen to do this, I'm definitely prepared for anything. So, don't expect things to turn for the better. I came to see you today just to let you die in peace. You don't have to worry about Sky and me in the future."
	"If you dare to hurt Sky, I will not spare you even if I die!" May said hatefully, "Sophie, I am not bluffed. As Mrs. Tanner, I am famous and have a status in City H. If I die, my husband and children will never let the murderer go! Don't be too proud!"
	"How can an evil woman like you dare to say you love Sky! You even want to kill his dearest mother. You love him? How ridiculous! It's only your own wishful thinking that you love him. Sky doesn't love you at all…."
	Sophie was angered by May's words and raised her hand and slapped May.
	May's face was deflected. The red mark on her white face was very obvious. The corners of her lips were broken and bleeding.
	It could be seen how hard Sophie slapped May. Because what May said that Sky did not love Sophie stung Sophie's heart and made her embarrassed and painful.
	"Sky loves me!" Sophie widened her red eyes, "It is you! You stop him from loving me!"
	May endured the pain from the corners of her lips and sneered with heavy irony, "You know very well in your heart whether he loves you or not! You really like deceiving oneself."
	"May, you are courting death!" Sophie was extremely angry.
	She saw a knife on the ground not far away, ran over to pick it up, and pointed it at May.
	May was not afraid at all and kept a smile on her face, as if she was ready to die.
	"Even if you kill me, it won't change the fact that Sky doesn't love you!"
	"Since you are courting death, then I'll help you!" Sophie lost her reason now. Provoked by May's words, she raised the knife in her hand and stabbed May in the left shoulder.
	The pain spread from her shoulder. May gritted her teeth and endured the pain. She broke out in a sweat on her forehead and her face was pale.
	Seeing May's painful expression, Sophie was satisfied inside.
	"Is it painful? Can you compare it with the pain I have suffered?" Sophie smiled grimly and pulled the knife out of May's shoulder.
	The knife moved the flesh and blood, which caused a sharp pain. The red blood flowed from the wound, stained the dress, and dripped down to the ground.
	But May did not scream. She was very strong.
	Sophie was not satisfied with May's reaction, "I did not get the right position just now. This time, I will not miss again."
	Sophie raised the knife in her hand once again and aimed at May's heart. Just as she was about to stab it, a harsh voice came.
	"Hands up!"
	Then a gunshot rang out in her ears, deafening.
	Sophie, who had never seen such a scene, was so frightened that she released her hand and the knife fell to the ground.
	"Don't ... shoot me. I'm doing what you said." Sophie raised her hands up.
	"Crouch down with your hands over your head."
	Sophie did as she was told, held her head, and squatted on the ground, shaking with fear.
	Two police quickly stepped forward to subdue her.
	At the same time, she saw Sky rushing towards May. When Sky saw his badly injured mother, he looked shocked and sad. He became extremely cold, as if he could freeze everything.
	At that moment, Sophie felt heartbroken once again, which tormented her so much that she could hardly breathe.
	Sky did not look at Sophie, but quickly untied and picked up May, who was in so much pain that she almost passed out.
	The blood on May's clothes stained Sky's light-colored suit red. The blood was horrifying.
	The leader of the police put away the gun while taking out the handcuffs and handcuffed Sophie.
	Sophie then reacted with a blank face, "I ... I ... not me. Sir, it is not me."
	"There's only you here." The police looked around, "You can say it after we arrive at the police station."
	"Sir, it's really not me. You have the wrong person." Sophie defended herself. She looked at Sky, "Sky, it's really not me. All this is done by Timothy. It has nothing to do with me! Please trust me!"
	"Sophie, you hurt my mother. I will not let you go." Sky said coldly, held May, and left quickly.
	Sophie looked at Sky's back and froze, her eyes full of tears.
	"Sky, listen to me!" Sophie instinctively tried to chase after him, but was held by the police on both shoulders.
	She cried heavily, "Let go of me. I have to find my husband. I have to explain to him."
	"Ms. Linder, you are now a major suspect. Please cooperate and don't struggle unnecessarily." The leader said to the other two police, "Take her back to the police station."
	"I can't go to the police station. I have to go to Sky. Please give me some time to talk to him." Sophie pleaded.
	The leader ignored her and walked ahead, with two police marching her behind.
	When they got to the door, the ambulance arrived and Sky carried May to the ambulance.
	Sophie watched the ambulance close the door and could not see Sky anymore.
	"Sky! Sky!" Sophie called Sky's name desperately. Her voice resonated in the forest for a long time.
Chapter 374 I'll Listen to You After That
	Sky was only concerned about his mother now. When he saw his mother's injury and blood, he just wanted to tear Sophie apart.
	May raised her hand weakly and called out to Sky in a faint voice, "Sky..."
	"Mom, I'm here. I'm here." Sky took May's hand and held it tightly, afraid that if he released, he couldn't hold it.
	"Sky, promise me that you will never contact with Sophie again, and never be soft on her. She can hurt me today. Then, she will hurt you one day.... I am worried." May's voice was low, but Sky could hear it clearly, "Mom only wants you to be well. It doesn't matter what happens to me. Do you understand?"
	"Mom, I know. I'll listen to you." Sky's eyes were wet and red. If it wasn't for the fact that men couldn't easily shed tears and there were others, he would have shed tears.
	"Then I can set my mind at rest. If something happens to me, don't be too upset..." May coughed and spat out a mouthful of blood.
	Sky was so shocked to see blood that he wiped the corners of May's blood-stained lips with his hand, "Mom, stop talking. The doctors and nurses are here. You'll be fine. I won't let anything happen to you. Mom, hold on! As long as you are well, I will listen to you in the future."
	"Good boy... Sky, mom is tired. I want to sleep for a while..." May smiled with satisfaction and gradually closed her eyes.
	Seeing this, Sky loudly shouted, "Mom... Mom...."
	Sky could not hold back his tears and a tear rolled down his pale face. He was so sad and painful.
	"Mr. Sky, excuse me..." The doctors rushed forward.
	Sky was pushed aside. He stood there in confusion. He was tortured by anxiety and frowned.
	Surrounded by the busy doctors and nurses, Sky seemed to be isolated in another world and was unable to move. He could only watch this, but could not do anything.
	When they arrived at the hospital, May was sent to the resuscitation room. When Sky rushed up in desperation but was stopped outside by the metal door, he came to his senses and realized how impulsive he was.
	There were footsteps in the corridor again. They were Sam and Alaya.
	Sky stood there disoriented. He looked confused.
	Sam hurried there with a cold face. Before he could reprimand Sky, Sky was already on his knees in front of him.
	"Dad, it's my fault. It's all my fault. I harmed Mom. You can beat me or scold me if you want." Sky lowered his head, his hands hanging at his side. He clenched his fists and his knuckles were white.
	Sam, who was raising his hand, froze with mixed feelings, not knowing what to say.
	Alaya stepped forward and reached out to pull Sam's hand down and said softly, "Dad, Sky already knows he's wrong. Mom and Sky are mother and son. Now, Sky should be the saddest. Stop blaming him. Let's wait here for the good news."
	"If he didn't insist on being with Sophie, how could he have caused so much trouble?" Sam shook off Alaya's hand and was still unable to completely cool down, "Now that your mom is lying in the emergency room, you happy now?"
	"Dad, can't you see how upset Sky is? You're hurting him by saying that." Looking at Sky, who was kneeling on the ground and was upset, no longer as spirited as before, Alaya felt distressed.
	"Alaya, he is stabbing the knife into my heart!" Sam painfully raised his fist and smashed it twice in his left heart and was overwhelmed with sorrow.
	Sam was so angry. A strong sense of dizziness overcame him, blurring his vision. He shook twice and almost fell down. Alaya and Sky held him and helped him sit down on the bench.
	Sam glanced at Sky coldly and shook off his hand, "Don't touch me!"
	"Dad, don't get angry. It's not good for your health. Please keep calm before mom comes out. Then she'll be more worried." Alaya glanced at Sky who was being scolded by Sam and defended him.
	"You don't have to speak for him. He makes big mistakes again and again. I don't have such a son!" Sam was so angry that he said such cruel words.
	It was well-known that Sam loved his wife. May was the woman he cared about. So it was reasonable that he was so angry.
	"Dad, we are in hospital. Keep quiet." Alaya sat next to Sam, "Dad, I know you're worried about mom. Mom will be fine."
	Then, they waited until the doors to the resuscitation room opened and May was wheeled out by the doctors.
	Her face was pale and her eyes were tightly closed, as if she was asleep.
	"Doctor, is my wife (mom) all right?" they asked at the same time.
	"Mrs. Tanner is out of danger."
	"When will she wake up?"
	"Tomorrow morning, if there's no accident."
	Sam, Sky and Alaya then went to May's ward.
	She was lying on a hospital bed with snow-white sheets. Her pale face was as white as the sheets.
	Sam felt sad as he looked at May. He walked forward to grab May's hand, "May, can you hear me?"
	May did not respond, but frowned, as if she was still uneasy and upset even if she was in a coma.
	Looking at May like this, Sam also frowned.
	He kept holding May's hand, not taking his eyes off her.
	Alaya and Sky just stayed quietly by the side. After a long time, Alaya reached out and shook Sam's shoulder.
	"Dad, the doctors said that mom is fine. Why don't you go home and rest? We will stay here."
	"No, I want her to see me at first sight when she wakes up." Sam's voice was a little hoarse. He seemed older a bit, "She is my wife. I should take care of her. You all go back."
	"Dad..." Alaya wanted to say something else but was interrupted by Sam, "Stop saying anything more."
	Alaya knew she couldn't persuade Sam to leave. So, she and Sky looked at each other and sat down in the sofa in the lounge.
	They all stayed with May. When the sky was grey, May began to murmur.
	"May, what are you speaking?" Sam was not asleep and woke up as soon as he heard May speak.
Chapter 375 Who Is She Calling
	May's face was pale. She broke out in a sweat on her forehead and kept murmuring.
	Alaya and Sky rushed over when they heard Sam's voice, asking May, "Mom, what do you want?"
	Sky looked down, moved close to May's mouth and listened intently. There was a flicker of disbelief in his eyes.
	"What is May speaking?" Sam asked Sky.
	"Mom is calling someone's name..." Sky frowned, wondering if he had heard wrong or if his mother had called him wrong.
	"Whose name is she calling? Mine?" Sam asked again.
	"No... Not you." Sky shook his head.
	"Then who is she calling, you or Alaya?"
	"Neither."
	"Then who is it? Can you make it clear all at once?" Sam was a little anxious too.
	"It seems to be Bright," Sky said and couldn't believe it himself.
	"Bright?" Sam and Alaya looked at each other skeptical, "Is it... Bright Lee?"
	How could it be him?
	But he was the only Bright they knew.
	Sky asked, "Dad, why does Mom call Bright? Do they know each other well?"
	"Well... I don't know." Sam shook his head, frowned.
	"Why don't we ask the doctor?"
	Just as a nurse came by, they asked the nurse. The nurse said, "Maybe this person is someone close to Mrs. Tanner. So, it's normal that Mrs. Tanner calls his name all the time."
	"Someone close to her..." Sky looked up. He, Sam, and Alaya were even more puzzled.
	Shouldn't they be the closest people to May? How could it be Bright?
	"Can you guys reach him?" the nurse added, "If you can, you can ask him to come and visit Mrs. Tanner. Maybe it can get Mrs. Tanner to wake up soon."
	After the nurse left, Sam sat down and discussed with his two children, "Do you think we should ask Mr. Bright to come?"
	"Dad, this is our family's business. It seems not to be a good idea to ask Mr. Bright to come here." Sky was reluctant inside.
	He didn't understand why his mother was not calling him, her son, but an outsider.
	Suddenly, he was jealous. Why his favorite mother and the woman all cared about Bright!
	"But May keeps calling Bright. Maybe she has something to say to him." Sam was also hesitant.
	"I don't think he has time for this little thing." Sky made an excuse.
	"We can ask Rose to intercede for us. Mr. Bright will come for Rose's sake." Alaya wanted to ask for Rose's help, "It doesn't matter even if Mr. Bright can't come. But if he can, it will be great. Dad, Sky, what do you think?"
	"Then let's try."
	"No!"
	Sam and Sky spoke at the same time.
	"Sky, what's wrong with you?" Alaya saw that Sky was a bit emotional.
	"We can't trouble Rose anymore and embarrass her." Sky also felt that he was too aggressive.
	"It's just a small favor. If you don't know how to say to ask for her help, I'll do it." Alaya said and took out her cell phone to call Rose.
	"Alaya, no!" Sky grabbed Alaya's hand.
	"Sky, there must be a reason for Mom to call Mr. Bright's name." Alaya understood Sky's mood, "I know you guys are not on good terms. You don't want to beg people, especially Bright. But we have no choice now."
	Alaya put away Sky's hand, "I call her to beg her. It's none of your business."
	Sky put on a long face, clenched his fists tightly, but could do nothing.
	Alaya went to the corner and dialed Rose's number. The phone rang three times before someone picked it up, "Rose..."
	"It's Bright. Rose has not got up yet." The voice that came through the receiver was Bright's magnetic voice.
	"Mr. Bright..." Alaya was a little surprised that the person who answered the phone was Bright.
	Although Bright was the person she was looking for, Alaya was still caught off guard when Bright answered the phone.
	"What is the matter?" Bright then asked.
	Alaya then came back to her senses and said, "I... I want to ask you a favor."
	"Please go on." Bright was frank.
	"My mother is injured and hospitalized. She wants to see you. Is it convenient for you to come to the hospital to see my mother, Mr. Bright?" Alaya plucked up the courage to finish her words in one breath.
	Once she finished her words, silence filled the space between them. Alaya pursed her lips and was a little embarrassed.
	"If it's not convenient for you... then excuse me." Alaya added and was about to hang up.
	"My pleasure." Bright answered in time, lifting his wrist to look at his watch, "I'll be at the hospital in an hour."
	"OK... Thank you, Mr. Bright," Alaya was overjoyed, "I'll wait for you at the gate of the hospital."
	"No need. Just tell me the number of her ward." Bright said.
	"Okay." Alaya told him the number.
	It was said that Bright was cold and heartless, and was very hard to live with. Alaya didn't expect Bright to be so nice and things would go so smoothly.
	Alaya happily said to Sam and Sky, "Mr. Bright promised me. He will be here in an hour."
	On the other hand, Bright was just about to go out for a run when he got the call.
	After the call, he went out. Just as he got dressed after exercising and taking a shower, Rose hugged her from behind.
	"Go wash up. We'll go to the hospital today." Bright looked in the mirror and straightened his blue pinstripe tie.
	"What do we go to the hospital for?" Rose tilted her head and asked him.
	"You'll know when we get there." Bright turned to her, lightly rubbing the tip of her nose dotingly with his crooked fingertips.
	"So mysterious?" Rose pulled his hand down, "Is there something you're hiding from me?"
	"I wouldn't have told you if I wanted to hide it from you." Bright took the opportunity to kiss her.
	"I haven't brushed my teeth yet." Rose was too late when she covered her mouth with her hand.
	"I don't mind." Bright pushed her toward the bathroom.
	Rose smiled, "But I mind."
	Next, she closed the door.
	Bright waited for Rose to finish cleaning up and then went downstairs for breakfast with her.
	Then, they went out to the hospital. Rose couldn't help but ask him on the way, "What do we go to the hospital for?"
	"For a checkup." Bright reached out and grabbed her hand.
	"A checkup?" Rose sat up straight.
	"To have a son." The smile on Bright's handsome face deepened.
	"Stop talking nonsense." Rose reached out and pinched him lightly, and blushed.
	"Did you forget you have promised my dad to have a son in half a year?" Bright looked at her white and red skin, "Did you forget about this?"
Chapter 376 There Must Be Something He Doesn't Know
	Rose pursed her lips for a moment, "No. But we still have time, right?"
	"Three months have passed. If we don't prepare for it, it will be too late." Bright remained serious.
	"I'm in good health, and you too. Why should we do a checkup?" Rose made excuses to refuse to go to the hospital, "And I'm busy at work today. I have a meeting that I can't be late for."
	Bright didn't say anything, but just stared at her. Seeing that she was incoherent, Bright felt that she was very cute.
	Rose knew Bright was staring at her. She didn't dare to look at him, "What are you looking at me for? I am serious."
	"Are you so reluctant to give Doris a brother or sister?" Bright raised his left eyebrow lightly.
	"No. But we should let nature take its course." Rose explained.
	Bright held her hand and just nodded lightly, not saying anything more.
	Rose, however, felt that the atmosphere was a little awkward, making her uneasy.
	In the end, their car stopped at the gate of the hospital. They just got off the car and met Alaya.
	"Mr. Bright, Rose, good morning." Alaya came out and wait for them when it was time. After all, she was asking for help, and the other party was Bright. So, Alaya didn't dare to neglect them.
	"Alaya, why are you at the hospital? You guys..." Rose looked at Bright and at Alaya, feeling that something was wrong.
	"I have invited Mr. Bright to the hospital. My mom wants to see him," Alaya said with a smile, "Rose, didn't Mr. Bright tell you?"
	Rose looked at Bright blankly, "Why didn't you tell me this but said something like that? You're so bad."
	"I am bad?" Bright smiled ambiguously.
	Rose couldn't help but blush at the way he looked at her, and the way he said it.
	She didn't answer, but just glared at him.
	Seeing them flash amorous glances, Alaya smiled lightly, "Mr. Bright, Rose, please follow me."
	"Alaya, why does May want to see Bright?" Rose wondered when May and Bright became so familiar with each other. Even she didn't know about it.
	"I don't know." Alaya shook her head, "Mom kept calling Mr. Bright's name. We guessed that she wanted to see him. So I bothered Mr. Bright and made this request."
	Rose took Bright's hand and tugged on his sleeve. Bright turned to meet her confusing gaze.
	Bright winked at her, meaning that he wasn't sure either and that they would know after coming there, which made Rose frown.
	"Why is May in the hospital again?" Rose had to change the subject.
	Hearing Rose mention this subject, Alaya sighed lightly, "This time, Sophie, the bitch, kidnapped her and almost killed her. Luckily, mom was strong. Otherwise, she would have been... Sky witnessed it. We know more how vicious this woman is now. She dared to hurt my mother. We will not easily let her go. It's our fault that we didn't see her true colors earlier. Otherwise, there wouldn't have been so much happening."
	It could be told from Alaya's words how much she hated Sophie and regretted.
	Rose also did not expect that it was Sophie who did this. But it was not unusual.
	Soon, they reached May's ward. Alaya pushed the door and entered. Bright and Rose followed her in.
	Across the lounge, they could see May's ward. Sam and Sky were all there.
	"Mr. Bright, thank you for coming to see my wife. We are very sorry to have incommoded you." Sam thanked Bright upon seeing him.
	Bright was frank, "Mrs. Tanner has always cared for Rose and loved her, as if she is her own daughter. Don't mention it, Mr. Sam."
	Rose looked at May who had a pale face on the ward. May seemed to be uneasy even in a coma, as if she was haunted by nightmares and could not wake up.
	"Is May okay?"
	Sam looked at May, heartbroken and helpless, "She keeps calling Mr. Bright's name. So..."
	"Why does May call Bright's name?" Rose was curious.
	"We are not sure. The doctor said she might be calling someone close to her." Sam looked at Bright again and couldn't really understand why his wife kept calling Bright.
	"The doctor suggested that the person she called could be the one to wake her up."
	Rose gently shook Bright's hand, "You go ahead and try."
	Bright nodded nicely and walked toward May's bed, while Sam and Sky retreated a few steps so that Bright could come forward.
	Bright stood by the bed and leaned over, saying, "Mrs. Tanner, this is Bright. Are you calling me? I am here. Do you have something to say to me?"
	May seemed to be a little excited to hear this. She murmured loudly a little, "...Bright."
	"Mrs. Tanner, it's me, Bright. Please wake up." Bright also called her, trying to wake her up.
	But May didn't wake up and just kept calling his name.
	Bright tried for a long time and was extremely patient.
	Suddenly, May shouted and opened her eyes, her face covered with sweat.
	Her eyes opened wide. She stared at the ceiling blankly.
	"Mrs. Tanner," Bright called out to May again in a soft voice, fearing to scare her.
	May's pupils began to slowly focus at the sound of the voice. Then, she turned to look at Bright's face.
	"...Bright." May looked at Bright in front of her and thought she was in a dream, "Are you real?"
	"It's me." Bright smiled, "Are you feeling better now?"
	May was amazed and surprised. She raised her trembling hand to his handsome face, but then stopped when she almost touched his face, and withdrew it.
	May smiled lightly. Her eyes were wet and a tear rolled down her face.
	"I... I feel much better." May replied, "Why are you here?"
	"I heard you were in the hospital. So, Rose and I came to see you." Bright turned to gaze at Rose.
	"May," Rose stepped forward and stood beside Bright, "Get some rest. Your health is more important."
	"Thank you for coming to see me." May raised her hand to wipe away her tear, "It's good to see you guys."
	"May, you just woke up and shouldn't talk much." Rose held her hand, "Rest well, and we can visit you every day if we are free."
	May looked at Bright's handsome face. No one could tell from her eyes what she was feeling.
	Bright was close to her and could see her clearly.
	He thought it must be no coincidence that May kept calling his name while in a coma.
	There must be something he didn't know.
Chapter 377 Stop Pretending to Be Innocent
	After visiting May, Bright and Rose were about to leave. Sam and Alaya thanked them warmly, while Sky was silent.
	"Mr. Bright, I'll see you out." Alaya made a gesture, "Sky, come with me."
	Sky had just agreed when his phone rang, "Excuse me, I have to take a call."
	It was an unfamiliar number.
	Sky then took his phone and went to the balcony, and answered, "Hello, this is Sky."
	"Mr. Sky, can you come to the police station for your mother's injury?" It was a call from the police station.
	"Okay, I'll be right there." Sky hung up and frowned.
	He sighed slightly and then turned to come out. When he walked out of the ward, he saw Alaya waiting for the elevator with Bright and Rose.
	He stepped to Alaya and said, "Alaya, I have to go out. Please see Mr. Bright and Rose off."
	"OK." Alaya smiled and nodded.
	The elevator opened. The three of them entered the elevator together. Sky reached out and pressed the closing button.
	"Mr. Bright, Rose, thank you for coming to see my mom."
	"Sky, I heard from Alaya that it was Sophie who did this." Rose asked.
	"Yes." Sky looked at the metal panel of the elevator horizontally, "I won't let Sophie off."
	"If you had known it would come to this, maybe you would have acted differently." Bright interjected.
	Sky pursed his lips, "My reconciliation with Sophie is not the way you saw it. I had my thoughts, but I couldn't tell you."
	"But you didn't expect it would hurt May so badly." Rose finished her words, "Sky, you must be more careful when you are doing anything in the future. Learn a lesson from this."
	"I know."
	They were separated in the parking lot. Sky headed for the police station while Bright and Rose went to the office.
	When Sky arrived at the police station, he parked his car and hurried to the station. After making inquiries, he found Leader Wood, who was in charge of this case.
	"Mr. Sky, Ms. Linder didn't say anything. She said she would only tell the whole story when she saw you." Leader Wood told Sky.
	"Leader Wood, I don't want to see her." Sky loathed Sophie so much that he even did not want to see her, "Is this the only way?"
	"Mr. Sky, as long as you can see her, we will know all about the case. This is the best way." Leader Wood took a sip of tea, reasoned and moved, "You also want this case about your mother to be investigated as soon as possible, right?"
	Sky hesitated for a moment and stood up from his chair, "Take me to her. I'll hear what she will say."
	Leader Wood also got up and led Sky to the interrogation room.
	The two officers guarding Sophie looked at Leader Wood. Leader Wood said to them, "Take a break. I'll take over."
	Sky walked over and sat behind the table.
	Sophie kept looking down, not noticing this at all.
	She had been nervous since she was caught in the bureau last night until now. So, she looked effete.
	"Sophie, Mr. Sky is here." Leader Wood coughed lightly twice, "Now you can tell."
	As soon as Sophie heard Sky's name, she looked up violently. She stared at Sky's face, her eyes moist and full off affection.
	"Sky, you're here." Sophie said, her voice a little hoarse.
	"Sophie, just say what you want to say." Sky was cold. His voice was detached and he even was not willing to look at her.
	Sophie felt sad once again, "Sky..."
	"If you have nothing to say, don't waste my time." Sky hated the sad look on her face. He felt more painful than her.
	His lover, his family, and his happiness were all destroyed completely by her.
	Sky was about to get up. Sophie hurried to stop him, "I'll say."
	Sophie sobbed, "Sky, I didn't kidnap Mom. I didn't want to hurt her. I was forced to do it. Please believe me."
	"Forced?" Sky raised an eyebrow and sneered with irony, not believing her at all.
	"Timothy forced me." Sophie looked at him affectionately, "He wanted me to be with him. But you were the only one I loved. How could I be with him? So, I refused him.
	He then wanted to get back at me. I didn't expect that he would kidnap Mom. He asked me to go see him, or he would hurt Mom. I then went to see him. He said as long as I hurt Mom, he would let me go. If I didn't do that, then the next person he would deal with was you...
	I didn't want to lose you. I also didn't want him to hurt you. I was in a disturbed state of mind at the time. So, I did something irrational and hurt Mom... But please believe that I didn't mean it.
	You also know that I didn't stab Mom's heart, but her shoulder. I was also protecting her. Sky, I love you. How could I do something that would make you sad? I had no choice but to do so!"
	Sophie choked as she spoke, tears streaming down her face. She said sincerely, as if she really had no choice.
	Looking at Sophie crying out of breath, Sky remained calm and watched without a trace of pity.
	He did not believe any of Sophie's words.
	"Sophie, I don't believe any words you say."
	Sophie froze. Her eyes were still filled with tears. She clenched her hands on the table, "Sky, what I said is true. I know it's hard for you to accept it. But I'm a victim too!"
	"You only saw me there. Didn't you see Timothy and a driver outside?"
	"Ms. Linder, there was no one outside when we arrived. You were the only one there and were hurting Mrs. Tanner!" Leader Wood said, "We also investigated Timothy. He had an alibi."
	Sophie's pupils were dilated, "No... Impossible! It was him who kidnapped Mom to threaten me!"
	Her mind raced. She felt as if she had fallen into a black hole and could not get out, which made her panic and fear inside.
	She wanted to see Timothy right now and asked him why this was happening!
	"Sophie, stop pretending to be innocent. It's not the first time you've done something like this. Don't let others take the blame for what you have done." Sky sneered with heavy irony.
Chapter 378 We Will Never See Each Other Forever
	"Sir, Sky, don't be fooled by Timothy. He is the mastermind, not me!" Sophie said excitedly, "You guys get him here and I'll confront him! Please trust me and don't let the real bad guy go!"
	"Sophie, you were the one who was hurting my mom when we came in. You were caught on the spot. The evidence is conclusive. The real bad guy is you!" Sky coldly pointed at her now, "Sophie, you dared to hurt my mom. I will make you regret and miserable!"
	Sophie saw the hatred in Sky's cold eyes, which seemed to burn her to ashes.
	"Sky, do you hate me that much?"
	Sky glanced at her coldly, "Shouldn't I hate you?"
	"Sky, seeing is not always believing." Sophie continued to defend herself, "Do you remember that you have seen Rose having a baby five years ago? At that time, you thought seeing is believing. You believed your own eyes.
	But several years later, you finally realized that seeing is not always believing. Have you forgotten all that? And I'm in the same situation as Rose was back then. I was framed by Timothy!
	Even if you don't believe me, I have to speak up for myself and clear my name."
	Sky heard Sophie mention the incident back then, which was the stupidest thing he had done.
	This incident had been like a thorn in his heart, stabbed him with pain, and made him regret.
	"Yes, I did say seeing is not always believing. But that's Rose. How dare you compare yourself with her? It's a good thing you don't set people up. Is there anyone who can set you up? Even if Timothy set you up, so what? You two are both vicious!"
	Sky thought Sophie was really shameless. How could she defend herself by saying the thing that she framed Rose five years ago? It really shocked him.
	But did people like Rose have a conscience?
	"So Sophie, don't say any more. I don't want to hear a word! Because I only feel disgusted!" Sky showed all his disgust for Sophie on his face without hiding it.
	"Sophie, you just wait for the law to punish you and pay for the crime you committed!"
	Sky slid out of his chair and stood up, lightly buttoned his suit jacket, and turned to leave without saying a word.
	Seeing that he was leaving, Sophie spoke up, "Sky, where are you going?"
	"It is none of your business." Sky turned back. His gaze was like a knife, tearing her into pieces.
	Sophie bit her lips, holding back her displeasure.
	At that moment, Leader Wood's cell phone rang. He gestured to Sky to take a call.
	"Sky, I know I'm responsible for Mom's injury. I will not deny it. But you can't do this to me." Sophie spoke in a hurry, "I've been married to you for five years. It's said that a day together as husband and wife means endless devotion the rest of your life. As long as you don't sue me, I'll give you back all the contracts you signed at the time, okay?"
	Under the circumstances, if Sophie did not plan for herself, then she would die.
	Although she would not be sentenced to death, once she was in jail, she thought that Sky or Bright would not let her go. They had countless ways to make her never come out after going in jail.
	She couldn't die. She had to live. She had to go to Timothy and ask him why he did this to her!
	If Timothy really did this on purpose, she would not let him go and would make him redouble the payment!
	This was the only chip she could trade with Sky now.
	She could only use this and hoped that Sky could shake.
	Sky sneered with heavier irony, "Do you think I really care about what I can easily give you? Rose, let me tell you, even if I give you all the wealth under my name, I will not die of hunger!
	I am healthy and capable. I can get it again! But what can you do to make up for the happiness you have destroyed between me and Rose! What I want is only Rose. As long as she is safe and sound, I am willing to lose everything!
	Sophie was going crazy with jealousy. She choked and almost couldn't breathe.
	"You love her that much? She's someone else's wife! What's the point of loving her!"
	"Sophie, you don't know what real love is! Real love is that even if I can't be with her, I will keep her safe and happy. I am not like you. You will do anything to destroy others for your own desires!" Sky laughed at her selfishness and viciousness.
	"Now you have repeatedly touched my bottom line and even hurt my mother, I will not let you go anyway!" Sky didn't care about her deal. "This is the last time I'll see you in private. We won't see each other forever after the case finished."
	Sky said harshly and left the interrogation room, not willing to stay here for a minute.
	"Sky..." Sophie instinctively wanted to go after him, but was restrained by the chair, "Sky, listen to me...."
	Sophie was stimulated by Sky's words and could not accept that he was so ruthless. Besides, she had been exhausted. So, she could not hold on anymore and collapsed....
	After Sky left the police station, Leader Wood also came out, "Mr. Sky, Ms. Linder fainted."
	"Leader Wood, I hope this case can be filed for trial as soon as possible. I want to make Sophie pay in the fastest time possible!" Sky paused for only a second and then left.
	Sky went to the Tanner Group with intense aura all the way.
	Rex instructed all the people not to provoke Sky.
	Sky almost didn't say anything all day. After he left work, he went to the hospital to be with his mother.
	"Mom, are you feeling better?" Sky felt deeply remorseful, "Mom, I'm sorry."
	"Silly boy. I'm fine. Don't blame yourself." May took his hand and smiled gently, not blaming him at all.
	"Mom. I kept Sophie around because I didn't want her to get into trouble with Rose again. I could watch her. Besides, I also wanted to find some evidence that she had harmed Rose. But I didn't expect her to be so heartless that she didn't even let you go." Sky sighed, "I am too thoughtless."
	"Sky, as I have said, you'd better forget about Rose." May bit her lips and said such cruel words to her son, "She will never come back to you again. You can see how good Bright is to her."
	"Mom, I know. I just want to make it up to her. I will feel at ease and watch her from afar as long as she is safe and happy." Sky assured and questioned, "Mom, why did you call Mr. Bright's name when you were in a coma instead of mine or Dad's or Alaya's?"
Chapter 379 I Care About Him and His Money
	Sky stared into May's eyes. His gaze was complicated, eager, and painful.
	He had always thought that he was May's most beloved son, and that the person she cared about should be him. So, when he heard that the person his mother called was Bright, he was not only disappointed, but also painful inside.
	He desperately wanted to know why. Was he not the closest person to his mother?
	May was a little guilty by Sky's gaze. She replied, "I... I don't know."
	"The doctor said the person you called should be the closest person to you." Sky asked, "Mom, are you and Bright very familiar? What exactly is your relationship? Is there something you're hiding from me?"
	May pursed her lips as Sky added, "Mom, you can tell me anything you want to say. I won't tell Dad."
	"Sky, you are thinking too much. How can I hide anything from you?" May smiled kindly, "Are you mad just because I didn't call your name?"
	"Mom, I'm your son. I'm naturally upset that you called others' name." Sky looked displeased. At this moment, he was like a childish child who didn't want his mother to be shared by others.
	"Hey, are you still jealous of this at such an age?" May sighed helplessly and dotingly, "I was in a coma. I didn't know I would call Bright's name. I couldn't control myself without consciousness.
	If I was awake, I would have been calling your name. Please forgive me. I really did not mean it. Don't get angry anymore, okay? I love you."
	May was patient and spoke to Sky in a gentle tone, trying to pacify his uneasiness.
	"Mom, don't blame me for being so mean. I love you too." Sky felt a little better.
	May smiled more brightly, then reached out and patted his shoulder.
	"I know. Never mind."
	"Mom, I don't know why I'm particularly disturbed right now." Sky frowned tightly, as if something was on his mind, "Mom, Rose has chosen Bright. If I lose you... Mom, I don't know what I should do."
	One was his beloved and the other was his family. Both of them were closer to Bright.
	"Sky, you won't lose me. I will be always with you until I can no longer be with you." May reached out to smooth his brow.
	"Mom, thank you." Sky rested his head on his mother's palm and closed his eyes, as intimate as he had been when he was a child.
	May gently stroked his dark hair with the other hand, her eyes full of affection. But there was also a hint of guilt inside.
	The ward was very quiet until the ringing of the phone broke the ice.
	Sky took a deep breath and slowly opened his eyes. There was no sadness in his eyes, but calmness.
	"Mom, I'm going to take a call." Sky straightened up and took out his cell phone from his pocket.
	He stepped to the floor-to-ceiling window and stood straight, "Hello, this is Sky."
	"Mr. Sky, this is Wilson," the other party introduced himself.
	Wilson was the eldest son of the head of the Way family.
	"Mr. Wilson, what can I do for you?" Sky was a little surprised. They were all from the famous families in City H. Although they had been in touch at work, they had almost no personal relationship.
	"This week is my grandfather's 80th birthday. I invite Mr. Sam and Mr. Sky and your family to the birthday party." Wilson explained, "Mr. Sam's phone is unanswered. So, I had to notify Mr. Sky first. The invitation will be delivered to you tomorrow."
	"Okay." Sky agreed.
	The people who Wilson called personally must be someone the Way family valued. The Way family was very famous in City H, while the Tanner family was not bad either. But the difference was that the Tanner family did not have a flourishing population as the Way family.
	At the same time, the Lee family of Asgard Lake Community also received an invitation from the Way family. Although the Lee family was only the top of the famous family in City J, it was famous in the entire South of the country.
	And Bright had kept a foothold in City H. He built City H into the second most important center city of HY Group. So, it was normal that he was also invited.
	Hearing this, Sophie said, "Patriarch Way is highly respected in City H. What are you going to give him for his birthday?"
	"Hit on what he likes." Bright smiled.
	"Then do you know what Patriarch Way likes?" Rose raised her eyebrows slightly with curiosity.
	"I don't know, but you do." Bright kept smiling, "So, I'll leave it to Mrs. Lee."
	"What do you want me to do? I don't know either." Rose said with her thin fingers interlocked.
	"Isn't Nora Patriarch Way's granddaughter-in-law? And Alan, Nora's husband, is Patriarch Way's favorite grandson. So, he should know." Bright's words were so reasonable that Rose could not refute.
	"Then I'll ask Nora," Rose said, picking up her phone to call Nora.
	"I am going to take a shower first. Let me know if you have any news." Bright then walked to the bathroom.
	Rose sat on the edge of the bed and waited for Nora to answer the phone.
	"Rose, what's wrong?" Nora picked up the phone after it rang three rings.
	"Patriarch Way invited Bright for his birthday," Rose heard the sound of water coming from the bathroom, "I want to ask what Patriarch Way likes, so that we can prepare a gift that pleases him."
	"Grandpa likes playing chess." Nora knew this, "A gift of chess or a chessboard will please him. He will like it. But the gift with good quality is expensive. I'm afraid Mr. Bright will spend much money. But it's a piece of cake for your husband."
	"..." Words failed Rose for a moment, "He also works hard to make money. Don't think it is very easy."
	"Come on. Rose, you attach more importance to sensation than friendship. You even refute me for your husband." Nora laughed over there, "Rose, how much do you care about your husband now?"
	"He is my husband. I care about him and his money." Rose was very protective of her husband.
	"Hey, it's really killing me." Nora felt like she was jealous, "But Rose, I'm glad that you can face up to your feelings and live happily."
	"Nora, you will too." Rose was blessed by Nora, but also felt the sense of loss of Nora.
	"I'm not looking forward to it anymore. It is not bad to live like this." Nora comforted herself.
	"Nora, don't be so upset. As long as you still look forward to it, God will bless you." Rose advised, "Look, I'm an example, right? Back then, I also thought I wouldn't believe in love. But then Bright appeared."
	"We're not the same."
	They all fell into silence and had a tacit understanding.
Chapter 380 Nora's Star-Crossed Love
	Rose told Bright about Patriarch Way's preference. Although it was not difficult for Bright to know about it, they only had a week and might be unable to prepare the gift in time.
	After she ended the call with Nora, Rose's emotions were affected. Bright also noticed it.
	"What's wrong? You put on a long face. Did something happen between you and Nora?" Bright was attentive.
	"Is it that obvious?" Rose instinctively reached out and touched her face.
	"Tell me about it." Bright took her gently into his arms. They leaned against the bed.
	Rose rested her head on his shoulder. They were covered in the same quilt. Rose felt safe and happy in his arms.
	"When I was a sophomore in high school, my parents hired a new private piano teacher for me. His name was Oscar. He was young, gentle and modest, well-spoken, and perfect.
	One day, Nora came to see me and met Oscar. She fell in love with him at first sight. You know, Nora was always outgoing and bold. She took the initiative to pursue Oscar.
	Oscar, however, decisively rejected her. Nora was sad. Although she felt hurt, she did not give up and persisted for two years. At that time, Nora was nineteen years old.
	One day, Oscar was knocked unconscious by someone in retaliation and taken away. Nora happened to see it and followed them all the way regardless of the danger. However, she was already found by these people and was also kidnapped by them.
	When Oscar woke up, he saw that Nora was tied up there. He calmly said to the man who kidnapped him that he could do anything as long as they let Nora go. But Nora was adamant that she would not leave.
	The man said that Oscar had cuckolded him and that he would not let anyone go. But the fact was that his wife carried a torch for Oscar and even seduced him. Oscar was not moved by her at all. But he was misunderstood.
	The man let go of Oscar to have a fight with him. He said that as long as Oscar hit back, he would hit Nora. So, for Nora, Oscar naturally did not fight back. Nora cried, desperately begging the man not to hit Oscar.
	Oscar was beaten down. But the man still did not let him go. Nora tried her best to break away from the people guarding her and ran forward to protect Oscar, blocking the hit from the man with her body for Oscar.
	Nora stared at the man with a murderous look. At that time, she looked awesome.
	The man was shocked by her eyes. Anyway, he had vented his anger and did not want to kill people. So, he let them go.
	Nora then informed me. They were taken to the hospital. As Oscar was injured badly and almost died, Nora looked after him for three days. Fortunately, Oscar woke up.
	After this incident, they naturally got together.
	But the Cooper family was wealthy and Nora was the only daughter of it. So, they naturally loved her very much. Oscar was just an ordinary people. There was a big gap in their identities. Nora could not control her marriage. So, when their love was found by Nora's parents, they had a hard time... But they had pulled through.
	Until... that fire. Oscar was trapped in it and burned to ashes. Then, they were finally separated. Nora and I watched the fire burning and even reddening the sky. It was a bad day. The wind fueled the fire. Nora collapsed and fainted.
	She could not accept such a reality. She tried to commit suicide, but was saved. After a long period of isolation, she finally accepted the cruel reality. Then, she was forced to marry a man for her family.
	When this news came out, there were many famous men who wanted to marry her. She finally chose Alan, who was also young and fun-loving. They hit it off. They agreed to be a couple in public, but did not interfere with each other in private, and lived peacefully for five years.
	Nora hadn't changed in the past five years. She will still dream about Oscar. Last time we went back to the restaurant by the school together, she mistook someone else for Oscar."
	Rose came back to reality from her memory and looked up to meet Bright's eyes. Her eyes were already red.
	"Do you know? I am afraid she'd stay like this. I want her to be happy. But she said the one who could give her happiness was dead and she could never be happy again.
	Back then, I had thought I would live out my life alone with Doris. But Gods favored me and let you appear in my life... Now that I am happy, I want Nora to find her own happiness as I did."
	Bright raised his hand and cupped her face, "Now you know how lucky you are to have me."
	"In fact, I've always thought I am so lucky to have you." Rose's eyes were full of affection, "Thank you for not giving up on me. I'm really lucky to have met you."
	"Then share your good fortune with Nora. She'll be happy too." Bright lowered his head and kissed her on the brow with affection.
	Rose wrapped her arms around Bright's waist and took her happiness into her hands.
	A week passed quickly in the busy work. Today was Patriarch Way's eightieth birthday.
	All of the Way family's business partners, friends, and relatives came to the party. This time, the Way family spent a lot on the birthday banquet, showing the status and power of the family.
	The Way family held the banquet in the idyllic new villa in Babyblue Bay. The huge lawn was beautiful and solemn, simple but exquisite.
	At the banquet, everyone was well dressed and jeweled.
	The handsome Bright was wearing a white shirt and dark blue suit with a dark sparkle like starlight. He looked mature and stable, and was in high and vigorous spirits. He came with Rose.
	Rose was wearing a dark blue gradual change skirt, which outlined her perfect figure, dreamy, beautiful, elegant... She was so stunning like the goddess of the starry night.
	Bright and Rose were wearing couple dress and were a perfect match.
	When they appeared, they instantly became the focus, attracting countless admiring eyes.
	Many people were guessing and whispering about the relationship between Bright and Rose.
	And Palmer Way, Patriarch Way's eldest son, went to greet them personally, showing great respect.
	They walked to Patriarch Way calmly under the gaze of thousands of people.
	Patriarch Way was surrounded by many people, including Nora and Alan.
	Nora and Rose exchanged a glance.
	Bright brought a gift to Patriarch Way, "Patriarch Way, this is for you. My wife and I wish you a long and prosperous life."
	"Thank you, Mr. Bright." Patriarch Way took the gift.
	"Why don't you open it to see if you like it, Patriarch Way?"
	The gift was packed in a rectangular top-quality brocade box, which was lightly fragrant.
	Patriarch Way opened the box. There was a scroll inside. He took it out, Palmer and Annette Way, his sister, unfolded the scroll. It was the real handwriting of the famous calligrapher of the Tang Dynasty.
	Patriarch Way was amazed when he saw it. It was exactly the masterpiece he had been looking for before. He didn't expect Bright to give him such a good birthday gift that made him burst with joy.
	"Mr. Bright, thank you. Then I will accept it."
	"I am glad that Patriarch Way likes it."
	Just as Patriarch Way accepted the gift, there was a hubbub.
Chapter 381 Are You Back?
	A smile appeared on Patriarch Way's wrinkled face, "Is she eventually back?"
	The third lady of the Way family was the third child of Palmer Way and also the most excellent child to be proud of in the family of her generation.
	No matter in terms of appearance or education, she was able to compete with Nora and they two were called the Flowers of City H.
	Other girls of the Way family all got married once they reached the age of 20. However, when she was 20, she had been abroad and studied in everywhere, which prevented her from following her siblings' footsteps. It could be seen that she was preferred by the Way family.
	Now she was 26, but she was still single. From the age of 16 to 26, she nearly spent all her time abroad. Unless there was an occasion where her attendance was a must, she would come back.
	Though she came back, she would just stay for a few days, because after she graduated abroad, she had got a job there and now she was famous in the financial world.
	"Dad, Hazel must come back at your 80th birthday party." Palmer was also proud of this daughter.
	"Take good care of Mr. Lee." Patriarch Way was afraid that they would snub Bright so he reminded Palmer.
	"Sure." Palmer raised his glass and walked towards Bright, "Welcome, Mr. Lee."
	The Lee family held an important position in the South. Though Bright was younger than most of the CEOs there, his confidence and strong vibes were something unrivaled.
	Bright was so noble that he was surrounded by the crowd shortly after his arrival. They all hoped that they could connect with him and take him as a backer.
	Rose just stood next to him quietly, hearing them talk about business in the market.
	Nora came up and said to Bright, "Mr. Lee, may I borrow your wife?"
	He knew that Rose would be bored, so he agreed to her request.
	Nora brought her to somewhere quiet, where there were two swings. They sat down and looked up at the bright moon.
	"The moon is particularly beautiful tonight." Nora felt it.
	"Ah-choo!" However, Rose killed the scene by a sneeze.
	"Are you cold?" Nora looked at her snow-white shoulders and neck, which were more wonderful shined by the moon, "Let me get you a shawl."
	Rose nodded. She happened to be on her period, so she would easily get cold.
	Nora let her wait there and she stood up and left for the back door of the villa, where there was a gallery and eight columns.
	When she approached, she found there was a man standing behind a column. His black shirt and suit nearly blended into the dark so that he could hardly be seen.
	He happened to be having a phone call getting his back towards her. His rich voice was extremely pleasant to the ear in the quiet night.
	"I have returned to the homeland. Thank you for your kindness. If you come to Country Z, I must invite you to dinner."
	His voice was so charming and magnetic that his every word could be remembered clearly. Though she had never met this guy, she was attracted by his voice.
	Nora was bewildered by his voice and froze there. Until the man turned around, he saw Nora steps away.
	She felt she was caught red-handed. His face was blocked by the shadow of the column and she was not able to scan his face. She lowered her head and explained, "I didn't know you were here, and I didn't mean to listen to your phone call. I am just going to get something inside."
	Finishing her words, she walked past the man towards the door calmly and pulled the door.
	"It doesn't matter." His voice came behind, followed by the fresh scent of his body.
	She froze and her hand on the door stiffened.
	The smell was so familiar that she was like being brought back to the past.
	"Can't the door open? May I help you?" Seeing that she hadn't opened the door yet, the man was eager to help her.
	Nora released the handle and she turned around to face him when his arms stretched out.
	This time she could see his face clearly. His face was just like a work of art and every line of it was handsome and perfect. He was just the same as Oscar who she could never forget.
	At that moment, she was shocked and took a deep breath. In her round and liquid eyes, there was only incredibility.
	His hand had already reached the handle and he stared at her eyes, trying to read them.
	However, Nora had already lost her ability to think and head. The next second she fell into his arms and held his waist tight.
	She put her face on his chests, rubbing the good material of his suit. She closed her eyes and enjoyed the smell of the man. She was so excited that her eyes got sore and moist.
	"Oscar, are you back?" Her voice was intimate with a strong lovesickness.
	His hand was still holding the handle, but Nora was in his arms. It seemed that he was holding her in turn. They were so beautiful and handsome under the moonlight, looking so sweet and matched.
	"Miss, you have got the wrong person. I am not Oscar." The man withdrew his hand and took her by the shoulder. He pushed her away, performing to be strange and alienated.
	It was as if her dream had been disturbed when she was pushed away. Her eyes turned red and she looked at him carefully.
	It was impossible that she had got the wrong person. Though she hadn't seen him for five years and he had been more mature and charming, she would never forget his face and she knew he was Oscar.
	"Don't cheat me. You are Oscar." She lifted her slender and fair finger, shakily trying to touch his face.
	He didn't step back but moved away his face. Her hand froze there and her eyes suggested that she was hurt.
	"Miss, you have really got the wrong person." Seeing her miserable, the man still said firmly and coldly, "I have been living abroad for years and I just got back. Today it is the first time I have met you. There are many look-alike people in the world. Maybe I look like your friend, but I am absolutely not him."
	"Aren't you?" Her heart was broken again. She was disappointed and desperate, "Aren't you really Oscar?"
	Indeed, Oscar would not be so cold and alienated to her. Her Oscar was mild like a jade.
	"Not really." The man confirmed again, "I am Caesar."
	"Caesar…" She looked at the familiar face but called the different name, "What is your original name?"
Chapter 382 Let's Take a Family Photo
	"I usually use my English name abroad and seldom use my original name." Caesar explained, "My original name is…"
	His phone rang when he was about to continue.
	He picked up the phone and glanced at Nora who was on the verge of tears, "Sorry, I need to answer the phone."
	Finishing his words, he turned around with a hand holding the phone next to his ear and the other in the pocket. Shined by the moon, he looked taller and more muscular.
	Nora just stared at his back.
	"I was just returning the call from Chad. I will be right back. Wait for two minutes." It seemed that he had something to deal with and had to leave now.
	Finishing the call, he turned around and glanced at Nora, who was still gazing at him like a lover.
	"Miss, I have something urgent, so I need to go now. Bye." He put the phone away and took a step to leave.
	Nora watched him walk away. After his several steps, she realized and caught up with him without hesitation, "Wait!"
	Caesar stopped and looked at her coming running.
	He looked her over from head to toe like a judge.
	There was no doubt that Nora was wonderful tonight, to say nothing of her flawless appearance.
	A black velvet halter dress showed off the charming curves of her body and snow-white skin. What was important was that her back was totally exposed. No man could control himself when seeing her beautiful sphenoid and slender waist.
	"You are really beautiful, but if you keep acting like this, I am afraid that you will degrade yourself." He gently reminded her to stop pursuing him.
	People here were all respectable, so they needed to mind their own behavior.
	"I just want to know your original name." She didn't mean to get tangled with him. It was just difficult for her to overcome the obsessiveness when she saw a man like Oscar.
	"If there is predestined to meet again, you will know it. There will be plenty of time. I have to go. Someone is waiting for me." Caesar kept restraint and gentle.
	However, Nora felt his indifference and alienation again.
	Nora watched him walking away quickly. There was only herself out of her mind.
	"Nora, what's wrong?"
	Not long after he left, Rose came. Maybe she had waited for Nora for a long time, so she wanted to find her, but only found that she stood there like a statue.
	Nora didn't respond. Rose walked up to her and saw her eyes darker than the night.
	"Nora, don't scare me. What happened?" Rose caught her arms and gave her a little shake.
	Nora suddenly held her in arms and cried, "Rose, I saw him. But he said he wasn't him and he didn't know who I am. What should I do?"
	Hearing that, Rose was confused. It was just like nonsense that he was not him.
	Rose reached out and touched her forehead, then again, confirming that she didn't have a fever, "What are you talking about? I don't understand."
	"I…I…" Nora was anxious and momentarily lost for words.
	"Don't worry. Take a deep breath and speak slowly." Rose patted her back, trying to calm her down.
	Nora closed her eyes and took a deep breath, "I said I saw Oscar, but he said he was Caesar, not Oscar."
	"Maybe you were hallucinating and got the wrong person." Rose tried to analyze for her.
	"I was not hallucinating. He is really alive. I held him and his body was warm. His scent was the same as Oscar's. He liked the perfume of salt water mint." Nora was certain.
	"You can't tell it's him by the smell." Rose paused and organized her words carefully, trying not to hurt Nora, "and you said he was alive and warm, but Oscar passed away."
	Nora stepped back with her face ghastly white and squatted down slowly like a helpless abandoned baby.
	"Nora, I know it is cruel to say so, but Oscar was dead. Sober up!" Rose looked at her feeling hurt and sad, which made her feel a lump in her throat.
	"He is always in my mind." Nora clutched at her heart, "He never leaves me."
	Rose turned her face away and blinked. She put her fist under the nose and didn't know what to say.
	She could just stay with her quietly without disturbing her.
	When Nora's phone rang, she still kept immobile. Rose picked up the phone and it was Alan, "Mr. Way, it is Rose speaking."
	"Where is Nora?" Alan asked.
	"She is with me." Rose glanced at Nora who was still in pain.
	"My third sister is arriving. This time the whole family is here and we need to take a family photo. There must be Nora. Where are you? I will meet you guys." Alan said.
	"I will bring her there. See you later." Rose put the phone away and put her hands on Nora's shoulders, "Nora, be brave."
	Nora's eyes drooped and she forced back her frailty.
	"The Way family is going to take a family photo. Freshen yourself up and be beautiful." Rose smiled and gave her makeup with a compact and put lipstick on her. She was still the brightest rose.
	Rose picked her up, "Today's occasion is important. Don't lose your decency, or others will make fun of you. And you don't need to be afraid. I will be with you."
	Though Nora was still unwilling and disappointed, she had calmed down.
	Rose and Nora returned to the venue and those guests invited were almost there. Jayden was also there with Sia.
	Sia saw Rose and came up happily, "Hey, sister Rose and Nora."
	Jayden was wearing a pink shirt and a wine-red suit. Such a coquettish color didn't make him sissy but somehow handsome, letting those single ladies' heart pound.
	"Sister? Are you familiar with them?" Jayden said savagely.
	Sia pressed her lips and clenched her hands.
	"It's I that let her call us like this." Rose help Sia wipe away her embarrassment and comforted her, "He has a sharp mouth. Don't quarrel with him."
	"I know." Sia smiled and nodded, without taking his words to heart, "It's bustling out there."
	"Today Hazel is coming back, and it is said that she brings an ethnic Chinese back." Jayden looked at Patriarch Way and said, "Let us join in the fun."
Chapter 383 Aren't You Afraid That I Will Be a Dangerous Beauty?
	Alan had seen Rose and Nora. He came up in a hurry and got Nora from Rose, with his one hand holding Nora's hand and the other holding her waist.
	"Why are your eyes red?" Alan found she was unusual at first sight.
	"Something fell into my eyes." She told a lie.
	"Are you alright? Shall we call the family doctor?" Alan took out his phone for a call.
	Nora stopped him and said, "It is just a trifle. There is no need to raise a big rumpus, or others may think I am delicate. And I am fine now. Don't bother."
	"Don't bother? You are my wife." Alan was unpleasant, but he still cared about her so much, "What's wrong with my wife being delicate? Get in their way?"
	Alan didn't look down on anyone but only cared about Nora.
	Jayden was frowning nearby and he looked quite jealous.
	Rose and Sia looked at each other, with implications in their eyes.
	"I am fine. Let's go over there. Don't keep grandpa waiting." Nora slightly pulled his sleeve, "Let's go."
	Having suppressed her sadness, Nora took the initiative to hold his arms and recovered to her elegant self. When they stood together, they looked well matched.
	They were always acting as the most loving couple outside, and this was their appointment.
	Alan smiled and walked towards Patriarch Way with Nora.
	Rose, Jayden and Sia followed them.
	On the way, Bright turned up and caught Rose's hand. Held by a big and warm hand, she was just like his treasure in hand.
	"Done?" Rose asked in a low voice.
	"This is not a place for business conversations." Bright felt dissatisfied, "That was just getting in the way of me getting along with you. They wouldn't be on my lists of options."
	"Oh?" Rose was slightly surprised, "Aren't you afraid that I will be a dangerous beauty who will ruin you?"
	"They are not qualified to talk about my wife." Bright lowered his head and whispered in her ear.
	Rose felt her ear got hot and the auricle turned pink, "You are in charge of all that?"
	"They will consider the pros and cons." What he said suggested that the Lee family was the noblest in this community.
	Rose glanced at him. Light and shadow fell on his outline, making him more handsome. She said, "You are threatening them."
	"Threaten? They should know it." Bright didn't care, "So you don't need to worry. Even if you are a dangerous beauty, I will like it."
	His magnetic voice made him more soulful and Rose couldn't help being charmed.
	The noise from the other side broke the silence of their eyes.
	Rose disengaged herself from his grasp and went ahead shyly. Bright put his hands in pocket and smiled following her.
	Patriarch Way was sitting there. It was seen that Hazel came up and greeted him, "Grandpa, I am back. I wish you good health and all the best."
	Then she presented the gift. It was a jade which was transparent and valuable.
	"You are eventually back." His reproachful tone sounded with a trace of adoration.
	It was known that Hazel was the favorite girl in the family and Alan was the favorite boy.
	"Grandpa, what are you talking about? I am here." She bent down and took his hand, "Grandpa, though I was abroad, I was always missing you. And I was there for study and work. Once I have got enough experience, I will come back to help the family and I won't leave any more. By then, please don't be tired of me."
	"I can't be happier if you can stay here. How will I be tired of you?" Patriarch Way asked her to sit beside him and looked at her face carefully, "Let me see. You look fatter than before. It seems that you had a good time abroad."
	"Fatter?" Hazel touched her own face nervously.
	Actually, being a little fat meant nothing. However, all women thought to be thin were more beautiful and they minded being fat so much.
	"Just a little bit. It doesn't affect your beauty." Patriarch Way comforted her.
	"Grandpa, are you praising or degrading me?" Hazel smiled shyly.
	"Of course praising you." He smiled graciously.
	"Then thanks for grandpa's praise." She was sincere, "Grandpa, I bring a friend back and let me introduce him to you."
	"Great!" Patriarch Way nodded.
	She stood up. Her yellow dress made her look taller and slenderer. The pleated and soft fabric made beautiful ripples as she moved.
	She went over to a handsome man and reached out to hold his arm. They walked together to Patriarch Way, "Grandpa, this is Oca Moore, and you can call him Caesar. He is a Chinese American."
	"Patriarch Way, nice to meet you." Oca presented his wish and gift.
	Nora looked at Caesar held by Hazel, and she was totally attracted. His original name was Oca and he was Hazel's friend.
	Nora's shock was all written in her beautiful eyes. She still could not believe that he was not Oscar.
	He clearly was Oscar. Why not?
	Alan felt Nora standing beside him froze, so he fondled the back of her hand and said, "What's wrong with you?"
	"Nothing. I feel it hard to breathe." Nora put her hand on her chests and there was obviously pain.
	For years she had thought that her heart was numb and even dead, but when she saw Caesar, she felt it alive.
	"Let's get back to the room to take a rest." Alan said considerately.
	"No need." It would be rude of her to leave like that. Moreover, she didn't want to do so because she wanted to look at Caesar for a while.
	Caesar was standing beside Hazel. His black shirt and suit made him look handsome. Except for his Chinese American status, his face was attractive enough. Besides, his browbone and deep eyes were pleasant.
	"Thank you, Mr. Moore." Patriarch Way said, "Now that you are Hazel's friend, you will be our guest of honor. So just make yourself at home."
	"Great!" Caesar was frank.
	Patriarch Way appreciated his frankness and he was satisfied.
	"Dad, the photographer has everything ready. Let's take a family photo first." Palmer told him.
Chapter 384 You Can Only Have Eyes for Me
	"Sure," Patriarch Way adjusted his clothes, sat straight, and put his hands on his knees.
	And the others were hearing Palmer's command, sitting by him or standing behind. Since there were so many members of the Way family here, they had to align in two rows.
	Alan was the most favored grandson and the descendant of the eldest son, and therefore, Patriarch Way asked him to stand next to him. And then he got Nora with him.
	Hazel didn't sit aside him, but left the place to her parents and stood behind them.
	When everyone was ready, the photographer took the family photo for celebrating Patriarch Way's eightieth birthday.
	All the guests were clapping.
	After that, he made a speech about appreciating everyone to attend his birthday party, and then the feast began.
	The music started with the changing lights. Alan and Nora danced firstly in the middle of the hall to enliven the party.
	Hazel walked straight to Oca and reached out her right hand to him with a smile, waiting for his acceptance.
	He drank the last sip of champagne, took her hand, and walked to the dance pool elegantly.
	More and more people were joining the dancing, including Bright and Rose.
	"Aren't you afraid that I will step on your toe?" Rose raised her head and said.
	"Your heart will ache for that," Bright put his hand on her waist.
	"…Shameless," Rose raised her eyebrows.
	"Hah…" Bright smiled.
	When Bright and Rose turned around, Ocaand Hazel were walking past them. With the light, Rose could see the face of Oca clearly. She was stunned, stepped on Bright's foot, and fell into his arms.
	Before that, she didn't notice him in the crowd, and now she could see his face, she finally knew how Nora felt.
	If he wasn't Oscar, who else could he be?
	Rose just kept watching him.
	Bright didn't feel good seeing his wife staring at another man. He made a few coughs to draw her attention.
	"Is he so good-looking?" Bright questioned.
	"Yes, he is," Rose replied without thinking.
	"What?" Bright was so unpleasant about losing his charm to his wife.
	It was not until now that she realized she had made a slip of tongue. She comforted him quickly, "I mean, he is good-looking but not as good as my husband, the most handsome man for me."
	She didn't lie about that because she still loved Bright most. Besides, Bright and he was not the same style in appearance.
	"That's not genuine at all," Bright wasn't satisfied, "You have never looked at me like this."
	Anyone could tell he was being jealous.
	"I…" Rose didn't know how to contradict him, "I want to take a break."
	Rose stopped dancing and walked away.
	Bright followed her, "Are you afraid?"
	"Why should I be afraid?" Rose took a cup of champagne from the waiter and took a slip, trying to calm herself down, "He looks like Oscar as if he was Oscar."
	"Nora's lover?" Bright recalled.
	"Yes. But what made him become Oca, and a Chinese American?" Rose wondered.
	"Just because he looks like Oscar doesn't mean he is Oscar. Besides, Oscar has gone. It makes no difference to talk about this," Bright raised a cup of champagne to his lips.
	Rose stared at Oca again. Her eyes were moving with him.
	Meanwhile, Bright stood in front of her, "No matter who he is, you can only have eyes for me."
	"…" Rose was amused.
	"Don't look at him. Look at me," Bright emphasized.
	"Fine," Rose smiled and nodded, "Only you."
	"So, what happened just now…"
	"I made a mistake," Rose surrendered.
	Bright pinched her face, "Good."
	In the dance pool, Nora had already felt disturbed and, what was worse, she made a wrong move and sprained her ankle, falling down in front of Alan.
	In a hurry, Alan reached out his hand to hold her, but someone had held her waist, turned her around, and resumed the dance under his lead.
	With a hand on her waist, Oca held Nora's hand and started the dance.
	And Alan took Hazel's hand and danced as if nothing had happened.
	Nora was so close to Oca, surrounded by his mint fragrance. Her heartbeat fastened.
	She was nervous and disoriented, while Oca was calm like he only cared about the dance.
	He stayed peaceful and said nothing, which made Nora felt detached and bitter.
	"Thank you for helping me," Nora said.
	"You are welcome," Oca replied, "young mistress."
	Not Ms. Cooper, but young mistress… It seemed like he heard all the introduction.
	Once the music was over, they separated. Alan came to help Nora immediately, "Are you all right?"
	He crunched down to check her ankle, and Nora stopped him hurriedly, "I'm fine."
	"Are you sure?" Alan asked her again.
	"Will I continue to dance if it's not fine?" Nora said, "I know what's more important."
	Hazel looked at his nervous young brother and said, "It has been a while since I saw you last time, and in this time, I find you love your wife more, Alan. I'm so jealous."
	"If you are jealous, sister, you should go to find a husband in no time," Alan suggested.
	"Do you think finding a husband is like shopping at a grocery store?" Hazel argued.
	"I thought you had found a desirable man," Alan glanced at Oca standing by her side, "I shall leave you and Oca alone."
	Hearing this, Nora felt rotten.
	But why should she care about this, especially he was Oca, not Oscar?
	"Let's go, honey," Alan held Nora's hand and walked away.
	Nora hesitated a bit. She wanted to turn around and took another look at Oca, but she restrained it and left with Alan.
Chapter 385 Not Going Home Tonight
	From half-past five to half-past night, Patriarch Way's eightieth birthday was finally over. The revelry lasted for four hours and every guest was having fun.
	Patriarch Way was carried into the living room of the mansion.
	He was in the mood tonight and therefore drank too much.
	"Grandpa, should I take you back to your room and let you have a rest?" Hazel handed a cup of warm water to him.
	"No, it's too early to go to bed. Besides, I'm so happy today," he took a sip and said.
	Seeing him as joyful as a young kid, Hazel smiled wildly. Then she looked at Oca, who just came into the living room, and said, "Take a seat. I will drive you to the hotel later."
	"Thanks. But I can do it myself," Oca said.
	"You can't drive after drink and it's not safe for you to go back alone," Hazel approached him, "Now I'm the hostess and you are the guest. The guest should listen to the hostess, and you should listen to me."
	Before he could say something, Alan proposed, "I will pass through Four Seasons Hotel when I drive home from here. Maybe I can pick him up. Besides, you also have drunk at the party, you know."
	"Don't bother yourself with this since you have been so tired. We have a driver working for us. He can do the drive," Hazel wanted to slam her brother with a pan for being so untactful.
	Alan seemed to realize this and said, "That's true. So I leave Oca to you. Don't let him feel alone. He is our guest."
	Then he took Nora, who hadn't said anything, and told Patriarch Way, "Grandpa, mom, and dad, Nora and I shall leave now."
	"Why do you still trying to go back in late night? Can't you just stay here?" Patriarch Way pointed at the rooms upstairs and said, "Don't you have a room in this house? None of you can leave the house tonight. Just stay here with me. Or do you just want to get rid of a boring old man like me?"
	"I have never thought of you like that, grandpa," Alan was worried and glanced at Nora, "Since you want us to stay with you, we will be here tonight."
	Nora followed, "We will take breakfast with you tomorrow."
	"Now you're talking," Patriarch Way nodded in satisfaction and turned to look at Hazel, "You guys should do the same. We have so many rooms here. I can ask a servant to clean up a room for Oca."
	"But I'm afraid that I will incommode you if I stay. It should be better for me to stay in the hotel, as I have already booked a room."
	"Staying here is much more comfortable than in the hotel," Patriarch Way frowned.
	"Grandpa, he has work to do. He may need to stay up late if there is an international teleconference. So…" Hazel was trying to help him.
	"I can't force you to stay, if you say so," Patriarch Way understood, "We always welcome you to come, Oca. Hazel, maybe you should see him off."
	Oca nodded and expressed his gratitude and walked out with Hazel.
	The driver was ready to go and waiting for them. Oca stoped by the car and said to Hazel, "You don't need to do so much for me. It's your grandpa's birthday, and you should spend more time with him."
	"Don't you want me to spend more time with you?" Hazel reached out and pulled his finger in a shy way.
	"You spent enough time with me when I was abroad. Besides, we have plenty of time to stay together later," Oca pull his hand back and patted her shoulder, "Get in."
	Hazel held his arm and raised herself on tiptoe, kissing him on his handsome face.
	"Don't work too late," she said.
	"Sure," Oca nodded.
	He got in the car, rolled down the window, and waved to her. Then, the car left.
	She stood in there watching the car approaching the gate and felt a sense of loss.
	After standing in the dark for a moment, she went back to the house.
	In the living room, there were six people, includingPalmer and Alan with their wives, Patriarch Way and her.
	The other family members had gone back to their own homes.
	"Grandpa, dad, and mom, I will go to work after a break for two days, sharing some responsibilities for dad," Hazel said.
	"Now that you are back, just take a few more days for rest. You don't need to hurry to work," Patriarch Way was unhappy, "A girl like you don't need to work so hard, since you got something more important than the job to do."
	"What's the thing more important than the job?" Hazel smiled. She was more curious than thrilled.
	"Your marriage," Palmer reminded her, "You are 27 now. Your sisters got married when they were 20 or 22. You should hurry it up."
	"Dad, I'm still young. I don't need to be worried," Hazel argued.
	"But we are worried," her parents said, "When I was at your age, I had given birth to several children!"
	"Time has changed, mom. Females are not a tool for giving birth now," Hazel murmured.
	"What do you say?" Anika, Palmer's wife, frowned.
	"I said nothing," Hazel disavowed.
	"Even though you are not worried to find a husband, you should find some friends now," Patriarch Way said, "There are lots of young men from some decent families in City H. Just tell me which one you like most, and I can contact him for you."
	"Don't arrange such marriage again, grandpa," Hazel pouted.
	"Don't be shy," Patriarch Way looked at her, "Don't tell me none of these men can intrigue you."
	"I just don't want to make my marriage like an exchange of interests," Hazel said.
	"Stop worrying about her," Alan smiled, "She isn't interested in these men because she has already found one."
	"Oh…" Patriarch Way was delighted, "Who is he? Just tell me."
	"Grandpa, I…" Hazel wanted to say something but was interrupted by Alan.
	"She was so unwilling to leave Oca just now," Alan teased her.
	Hearing his words, Nora took a cup of water to dissimulate her emotion.
	But she still couldn't let him go.
	"How dare you mock at you sister," Hazel glanced at him but also felt joy from his words.
Chapter 386 It's What a Couple Normally Do
	Hazel blushed like a girl who fell in love, which reminded Nora of the time when she fell for Oscar, and now Hazel was just like herself.
	A man like Oca would always be spotlighted even if he just stood there. With his handsome figure and refined speech, it was hard for a girl to not be sweet on him.
	But he looked exactly like Oscar—the man she deeply loved!
	Oscar…Oca…
	Even their names were similar. How could it be possible they were not the same person!
	Nora was lost in her thought holding a cup. She felt endless sadness. Her heart was filled with pain.
	"I'm not joking. Mr. Moore is the first man you have taken home. Looks like you care about Mr. Moore a lot. Mr. Moore is so handsome and outstanding. Hazel, don't cry when Mr. Moore is got by another girl."
	Alan turned to Nora and said, "Am I right, Nora?"
	"Yes?" Nora had let her mind wander and failed to catch up with Alan.
	"What's going on?" Alan found Nora quite odd today.
	Nora was always charming and gorgeous, but she was being gloomy today as she didn't talk much and seemed absent-minded.
	"I heard you talking about Hazel." Nora sipped water trying to comfort herself.
	"Hazel and Oca are well matched, aren't they?" Alan held her finger in the palm of his hand.
	"Sure, they are. But how they feel outweigh how they look." Nora added.
	"Hazel, you like him, so be with him," Alan frankly voiced, "I'm not teasing, Hazel. I hope you can find someone who loves you just like Nora and I."
	"Are you doing PDA before me?" asked Hazel.
	"It's just what a couple do," Alan smiled at Nora with affection in his eyes.
	"Can't believe how Nora stands people like you," Hazel complained, "it's really kind of her to bear you, isn't it?"
	"Alan is always nice to me," Nora explained this only because they had reached an agreement before.
	They had agreed to pretend like a sweet couple in public so as to not lose face.
	Alan was glad to hear Nora's words raising an eyebrow.
	Hazel didn't insist and turned to her family, "Grandpa, mom, dad, actually I have something to tell you."
	"Go ahead," said Patriarch Way.
	"In fact, you don't need to concern about marry me to some rich man. I've already been in love, " Hazel admitted bravely.
	"So is Oca the man you love like Alan said?" It would be impossible for an elder like Patriarch Way not to figure it out soon.
	Hazel admitted, "Yes. We didn't become lovers until shortly before we returned home. I love him for his elegance and maturity. He is not like those flippant playboys. He is the man I love. Now you have seen Oca. Would you give us the best wishes? I would be happy if you do. But it won't change my mind at all. I only want to live a life with someone I love. I don't take marriage lightly as a deal like my siblings. I'm not about to be the victim of a family marriage."
	Hazel presumed on the elders' favor to her and spoke her mind without caring about what they would think, to say nothing of consideration for her siblings' feelings.
	Patriarch Way had two sons and a daughter, and Palmer, the eldest son, had six children.
	Palmer's eldest son Wilson married eldest daughter of the Clark. The second daughter and the fourth one married into famous families. The youngest Alan Way also married the only daughter of the Cooper family, Nora.
	Sunrise Way, Patriarch Way's second son, had two daughters and two sons. The three elder ones had married except the youngest daughter at school.
	The Way family had such a prominent status in City H. One of the reasons was their relationship with other big families.
	People always said, "Don't offend the Way family."
	Alan was unhappy after hearing Hazel's words and denied, "There is no any deal between Nora and I. We met each other when we were little. We've been loved each other for long time. I definitely love my wife."
	Alan stretched out to hold Nora's shoulder nervously, "Honey, don't listen to Hazel. I never consider our marriage as a deal. As I married you, you are my lifetime love."
	"The once little Alan finally becomes a real man." Hazel thought time can really change a man.
	That presumptuous bad boy had become a lovable man.
	"I didn't expect that, Hazel," Patriarch Way sighed, "older generations always married through blind date. But they wouldn't do that unless they were satisfied with each other. Your siblings also have their concerns and I'm sure they know how to choose the right person.
	You should understand that since you are a Way, you are not supposed to marry an ordinary man. A rich one may not give the love you want, but he can make your life comfortable and easy. That is what happiness should be.
	Living a poor life will destroy your love anyway. The daughter of Stardust Group in country H married an ordinary man, didn't you see what happened at last? Not just divorce, an ugly end.
	Hazel, isn't it good if your marriages benefit both your family and yourself? You know you are not those girls who overcome a lot since they are young. You are always the princess of Way. You should never touch the dirt and dust of life."
	Hazel began to think what grandpa said was somewhat reasonable.
	"I can say Oca is an extraordinary man," Palmer said.
	"You still need your family to test this man. If he is that good, we will bless you." Patriarch Way clapped her hand back lightly, "Your grandpa is not that kind of fogy."
	"Indeed, his not an ordinary person. He is the son of the president of G.S. Group in M Country. But I didn't know that when I met him. I just love him."
	"I can totally understand you, Hazel," Alan added, "I didn't actually care about Nora's identity. I just love her."
	Hazel was happy to hear her brother finally said something useful.
	Nora put down the cup, "Sorry, I'm going upstairs to rest."
	"Wait a minute, Nora, we need to talk with you," Palmer and his wife stopped her.
	Nora paused and responded calmly, "I'm listening."
Chapter 387 I Won't Thank You
	Seeing that his parents looked serious, Alan said in order to protect his wife, "Dad, Mom, just tell me if there is something wrong."
	"Of course you should listen. This is about you two, and even the whole family." Palmer snapped, "Sit down!"
	Then Anika asked, "Alan, Nora, how long have you been married?"
	"Five years. What's wrong?" Alan frowned and didn't know what she meant, "Our anniversary hasn't come yet, so I won't forget it."
	"I am not talking about this." She put her hand on her forehead in anger and wondered what her son had in his head, "You have been married for five years, but you still don't have a child. Maybe you should work harder."
	Alan and Nora glanced at each other and realized the case.
	They were just a couple in name. So, at most, they would just hold hands or put arms around their waists. Therefore, it was impossible for them to have a baby.
	And their former agreement stated that they would never give birth to a baby and they would divorce only when they couldn't tolerate each other.
	But now Alan didn't feel like divorcing, but he didn't know how to explain the case of baby.
	"Hey, we are still young, so we don't want to rush into having a baby." He made an excuse, "Dad, Mom, I am still an immature man. How can I be a father? Moreover, having a baby is not cool."
	"Are you trying to piss us off? Your life is only filled with beer and skittles! I told you to work and you refused. As a man, you don't have any ambition. Do you want to spend the rest of your life in a muddle?" Palmer was green in anger when hearing Alan's bullshit.
	"Alan, when a man grows up, he should first establish his family and career and then be a father. Now it is time for you to grow up. Your dad and I will get old and you can't depend on us at that time." Anika tried to persuade her son, "Look at your eldest brother. He is now a mature husband and father. I believe that you can be like him."
	"Mom, when it comes to brother, doesn't he have two children? If you like children, you can get his kids over here. Why do you make us awkward? Twosome is wonderful." Alan grinned and didn't care about the tension, "Hazel, am I right?"
	"Alan, I want to correct you. You can't make our parents worried about you all the time. You've been playing for five years. Now you should get serious. What's more, being parents is a good thing, which can let you learn to grow. It is not only your brother that is responsible for the family. You are responsible too." Hazel helped her parents persuade him.
	"Alan!" Palmer stood up, "Your grandpa is still alive."
	"I am eighty years old and live one day at a time. Maybe one day I will leave you. I do hope that I can see you and Nora have your kid before I die. Also, Hazel, I am looking forward to your marriage and I hope that you can find your Mr. Right. Then I will have no regrets." Patriarch Way expressed his views eventually.
	"Grandpa, you are healthy and you are doomed to live a long life." Hazel said, "Don't worry, grandpa. We know what to do."
	"It will be good if you know what to do." Patriarch Way took a glance at Alan and Nora.
	Nora kept silent. The first reason was that she was upset and the second one was that she had nothing good to say. She would rather close her mouth than annoy others and bring herself troubles.
	Alan didn't respond and went upstairs with Nora.
	The third room at the corner of the second floor facing the sun was their bedroom. There was a floor-to-ceiling window opening onto the back garden. When the window was opened, there was a smell of flowers and a beautiful view.
	Alan picked up their pajamas from the cloakroom and handed Nora the lady's one, "Please have a bath and take a rest."
	"Thanks." Nora took the pajamas and stared at Alan.
	"Hey, you are welcome. It is embarrassing." He rubbed the back of his head awkwardly, "Besides, a gentleman should take good care of ladies. And you are my wife, so this is what I should do."
	He said very naturally so that it seemed they were a real loving couple instead of a couple of agreement.
	This made Nora anxious. There appeared an illusion that Alna had regarded her as his real wife and he really loved her from the bottom of his heart instead of playing a game.
	"Alan, don't forget our appointment. Our marriage is just an agreement and I am you wife in name, so you should know that I will never give birth to a kid for you and the family." Nora couldn't help reminding him that this was the condition that could not be met.
	"I remember our appointment and I won't force you to give birth to a baby. As for the kid, I will handle it. Just take it easy." He patted his chest, "Don't worry."
	"Have you thought that giving birth to a baby is a big deal. Though we can hide it from them now, what about later?" Nora couldn't help feeling anxious as this had been an emergency, "What do you want to do?"
	"I will say I don't want a kid. In a word, I won't let them blame you." Alan caught her shoulders mildly and looked at her beautiful eyes, "Nora, trust me please."
	"It can't solve the problem fundamentally. It will only make your grandpa and parents think you are being unreasonable and making no progress." Nora didn't want to owe him anything.
	"I am not just like this today. I have been always acting like this. I don't care only if you are not forced to have a baby." Alan said positively.
	He would rather be accused of being unfilial than let Nora be forced by the family.
	"Alan, I won't thank you if you do so." She said coldly.
	"I don't want you to thank me. I think children are troublesome and I don't like them as well." He had a look of disgust, "So I might as well not have children at all."
	"Alan, there are three things considered unfilial. And the first one is having no descendants. The Way family, such a powerful and noble party, is reasonable to require you to have two to three children. Therefore, I have a suggestion for you." She pressed her lips together, considering whether to tell him.
	"Go ahead. I am listening." He was expectant.
	"What about divorcing?" She thought this method was feasible.
	"Divorcing?" His face was abruptly severe, "I won't agree."
Chapter 388 It's Fine How We Live Together
	Alan refused without consideration and he looked unhappy.
	Nora asked, "Why?"
	"No why. I won't agree to it anyway." Alan turned around and waved his arm.
	Nora continued to explain, "As long as I am your wife, I will be obligated to give birth to a baby for you and the family. However, our situation as you know, won't allow me to give you a child. So only when we divorce, won't they stick to the topic.
	You know, I am so stressful that I am afraid that I will expose our agreement when I can't tolerate it anymore. Then it will be more complicated. Alan, aren't you tired of such a marriage? Actually you can get married with the girl you like and have your own baby. It will be great, isn't it?"
	"Nora, I said I won't divorce. Can't you understand?" Alan frowned and his eyes were burning.
	"Our agreement has also stated that once we find our true love, we can be free from the marriage." Nora brought up the agreement again.
	Alan declared immediately, "I have not met my true love. What about you?"
	"I…" When she hesitated, all that flashed through her mind was Oca's handsome face.
	She was upset because she could not get what she loved.
	"Neither do you." Alan said for her, "Nora, I have known something about your past. I don't ask you because I respect your privacy.
	Now that neither of us have found our true love, why do we divorce? Just continue to live together. We have been doing so for five years. It is fine, isn't it?
	Though you want to divorce, will your parents agree? The Way family won't agree as well. Our marriage is not just about us. Don't forget why we got married.
	As for the case of children, I will solve it. You don't need to worry. If you trust me, just let me handle it, okay? We are not going to divorce."
	His last sentence seemed to begging.
	When Nora looked at his serious face, she felt conflicted and complicated.
	She knew exactly their marriage was just like a marriage of the two families and her parents were optimistic about it. Therefore, they wouldn't easily let them divorce.
	If she could choose her lover and marriage as her wished, she would not be opposed by her parents to being with Oscar.
	When she thought about Oscar, her heart was broken.
	Because she could never meet the man she loved deeply anymore, she could only continue the marriage.
	Nora compromised and nodded at him.
	Getting her approval, Alan held her in arms the next second and he was as happy as a child who had been given candy.
	"Don't get all hands on me!" Nora punched his back, reminding him that he was out of line.
	Because now they were getting along in private, they were not allowed to behave excessively.
	Alan let her go and rubbed his thighs with his hands awkwardly. He explained, "I just got caried away. I won't do this next time."
	"I want to take a shower." Nora walked past him towards the bathroom.
	She didn't understand why he was so happy as she didn't insist on a divorce.
	Thinking carefully, she felt Alan hadn't been himself lately.
	He got home on time every day and sometimes he would give her gifts, like a bunch of flowers, a brooch and a silk scarf.
	He had dinner with her, worked out with her, chatted with her and watched soap operas with her.
	He was so free these days. Hadn't he been hanging out with girls lately?
	Nora shook her head and wiped away the water on her face. What did this have to do with her?
	What flashed through her mind most were Oscar and their sweet memories.
	The sweeter the past was, the more she missed it.
	"Tap-tap."
	A knock on the door outside the bathroom interrupted her thoughts.
	"Nora, are you okay?" Alan was playing on his phone and he found that she hadn't come out for a long time, so he knocked at the door.
	Nora said in a hurry, "I am fine."
	"Hurry up. Or you might faint from lack of oxygen." Alan reminded her.
	"Got it." She turned off the shower and put on a towel, "I am done."
	Nora wiped away the water on her body and put on the silk pajamas. When she came out, she met his eyes outside.
	Her long wet hair fell over her left shoulder, dripping.
	Her face was stained red by the steam. Her eyes were dewy and soft. Her eyelashes were well defined like a blooming rose, which were pure and charming.
	The beautiful line of her neck and her hazy collarbone shocked Alan.
	"Alan, what are you looking?" Nora saw him watch her from head to her collarbone, so she was annoyed.
	"I… Nothing." He was too nervous to speak, "I am going to take a bath."
	He rushed into the bathroom and closed the door.
	Nora was about to say something, but she clenched her teeth and paused when hearing the door closed.
	Nora sat in front of the dresser, wiped her hair and dried it. Then she took care of her skin.
	When Alan came out, he saw Nora's slim figure. She put her legs by the bed and applied body lotion to them.
	He was somehow excited and felt there was a stream of heat running down his nose.
	Fuck! He was bleeding from his nose. How long hadn't he seen women? Why was he so hungry?
	Actually he had never seen such an alluring Nora. When they lived in Springhill Villa, they slept in separate rooms. If it was not because they needed to stay in the Way's today, they would never sleep in the same room.
	Hearing the sound, Nora turned her head and saw Alan wiping the blood from his nose. She asked, "You got a nosebleed?"
	"Oh… Yeah." Alan wiped the blood in a hurry, pretending to be natural, "Maybe I have eaten too much heaty food lately. As long as I have something lite, I will be fine."
	"Alan, I am beautiful and charming. Don't count on me." She smiled and didn't believe his bullshit.
	"Don't worry about it. My outside girlfriend is mild and lovely. How will I count on you?" Alan argued aggressively.
	Was he shameless? He could never admit that he got a nosebleed because she turned him on, or he would be in a doghouse.
Chapter 389 This Is a Couple's Game
	Nora ruffled her hair with her legs slightly bent, which was so seductive. However, she didn't know that.
	"It better be, or I will think you fall in love with me." Nora stood up and tidied up her pajamas.
	"Fall in love with you? How is it possible?" His face suggested that she was thinking too much.
	"That will be great. I don't like you as well." She threw back the covers and went to bed, "Lady first. I will sleep on the bed. As for you, please sleep on the sofa or the floor."
	Alan came up, looking at the big bed which could accommodate four men, "The bed is big enough and there are still spaces left. I can sleep over there."
	As a spoiled prince, when had he slept on a sofa? When did he come to this?
	"No way! No matter how big the bed is, you cannot sleep here." She refused, "Don't take advantage of me."
	"Who is going to take advantage of you?" He raised his eyebrows, "Though I take advantage of you by accident, you are my wife."
	"Make it clear that I am just your wife in name!" Nora corrected him, "So you can only sleep on the sofa or the floor. If you want to sleep on the bed, I will go back now."
	Nora elegantly leaned against a soft pillow at her back and put her arms around her chests, staring at Alan.
	Fuck!
	He threw away the white towel in his hand and left. He hugged the blanket miserably and lay on the sofa.
	Nora won and sank into bed. Turning off the lamp, she closed her eyes and fell asleep.
	Today she was shocked greatly. The moment she lay down she felt exhausted. Different from usual, she soon fell into a deep sleep.
	It was a quiet night.
	Until next morning, when she turned over trying to continue her sleep, her eyes opened suddenly. Alan's handsome face was close at hand.
	"Ah!" Nora caught the quilt and sat up.
	She took a deep breath and looked at Alan on the bed. However, he just pulled the quilt, turned over and kept asleep.
	Her eyes widened and she took the pillow to hit Alan, "Alan, when did you crawl into bed? Get up! Don't sleep!"
	"Honey, I am so tired. Just let me sleep a little longer." He took the quilt and covered his head.
	"No way!" Seeing him reluctant to get up and stay in bed, she was so angry that she kicked him out of bed.
	He fell to the floor wrapped in the quilt. Then, there was a knock on the door.
	"Alan, Nora, what's wrong with you?" It was Anika's voice of concern. She was there to call them to breakfast, when she happened to hear Nora's scream, "I am coming in!"
	"Mom, we… we are fine. Don't come in." Before Alan finished his words, Anika had entered the room.
	Nora and Alan froze there. One was sitting on the bed angrily with a pillow in hand ready to be thrown. The other one was lying wrapped up in a quilt by the bed. It was ridiculous.
	Anika had seen everything, but she was still shocked by the scene.
	"What are you doing?" Anika looked serious.
	Nora put down the pillow and caressed it tactfully, "Mom, he fell out of bed by accident."
	"Yeah, mom. I dreamed that I was chasing a rabbit, then I fell out of bed." Alan cooperated with her to tell a lie.
	"Really?" Anika's eyes wandered back and forth between them and she was skeptical.
	"Of course. What else could it be?" He ripped off the quilt and threw it onto the bed.
	"Mom, this is our young people's lifestyle. You can't understand." Nora said.
	"Yeah. It is a couple's interest. Hahaha…" Finishing his words, he burst into laughter.
	Anika frowned and said unhappily, "If it is so, there have been many children."
	"Mom, don't mention children in the early morning, or you just kill me." Alan was tired of this case now.
	"I am doing it for your own good. Don't be ungrateful." Anika felt Alan had no ambition.
	"Mom, we want to change our clothes and wash. Could you please get out?" Alan begged her cautiously.
	"Get downstairs to have breakfast once you finish washing. Don't keep your grandpa waiting." Anika turned around and left with her eyes glancing at Nora.
	As soon as she left, Nora threw the pillow at him and gave him a fierce glare, "Who allowed you to sleep in the bed?"
	"I instinctively went to bed after going to the bathroom last night." He caught the pillow and complained, "And I have not taken advantage of you. Why are you so agitated that my mom was attracted?"
	"Are you blaming me? I said I'd sleep on the bed and you'd sleep on the sofa. It was you that broke the rule." She got out of bed and put on her slippers, "Screw you!"
	Nora walked towards the bathroom and cleaned herself.
	Alan felt that he was being wronged. As he had got used to sleeping on the bed, how could he realize that there was a woman?
	Twenty minutes later, Alan and Nora went downstairs. In the dining room, Palmer, Anika and Hazel were all there.
	"Grandpa, Dad, Mom, Hazel, good morning." Alan waved his hand towards them happily.
	"It's been late. Sit down and have breakfast." Palmer said.
	Nora didn't say anything but just ate quietly.
	When she was full, she wiped the corner of her mouth elegantly and told others to enjoy themselves.
	Anika stopped her, "Nora, I am going shopping with Hazel later and buy her some clothes. Just come with us and buy some for yourself. You have always had a good taste. It will be nice to have your help."
	Nora was naturally reluctant, but she was unable to refuse but accepted, "Okay."
	"I go with you!" Alan volunteered to join them.
	"We ladies go shopping. Why do you follow us?" Anika asked him.
	"I also need to buy some clothes and I can give sister some suggestions. Besides, I can be your driver for free." Alan gave her several reasons.
	"I don't dare to let our prince to be our free driver." Hazel made fun of him.
	"I…"
	"Alan, I'll go play golf with some business partners. Just come with us." Palmer said.
	"Alan, it is time for you to help your dad." Patriarch Way said.
	Alan could say nothing but agreed.
	After breakfast, everybody went out.
	Anika and Nora sat in the back seat and Hazel drove. After a while, Anika asked, "Nora, you have been married with Alan for five years. How have you been these five years with us?"
	Nora smiled and said, "Great! Mom, just say what you want to say."
	Anika should have something to tell her in private so she would be separated from Alan.
Chapter 390 Everyone Is Forcing Her to Have a Child
	When Anika saw how frank Nora was, she did not speak in a roundabout way either. "You've had a good time in the Way family for the past five years. We liked you a lot, took care of you very well, and never made you feel aggrieved. So, Nora, shouldn't you think about what you can do for the Way family?"
	"You two have been married for five years but don't have a child. There are rumours everywhere. Every time your dad and I attend banquets or events, those people either bring the conversation around children or hint that you two aren't healthy. Your dad and I could only fob them off.
	I've never told you about these things, and I don't want to put too much pressure on you, but it's been five years. Alan and you aren't young anymore and have reached the age to become a parent.
	So, Nora, I hope that you can give birth to Alan's child and descendant. It would also stop the rumours. Only by having a child would Alan grow up, realize what responsibility is, and take on responsibility. This is beneficial to the two of you no matter what. There's no harm to it."
	Nora quietly listened to Anika's words and concluded that Anika wanted her to take the initiative to have a child.
	"Mom, we don't need others to judge our lives, and we can't live for others." Nora's voice was neither loud nor quiet and neither haughty nor humble. "It's our life and marriage. We live the way we want. Mom, you really don't have to worry about this too much."
	"How can I not worry? You are both my children, and your dad and I want to have a grandson earlier," Anika held Nora's hand and spoke with sincerity.
	"Mom, my oldest brother, second oldest sister, and fourth oldest sister all have children. You are already a grandma. Alan and I have our thoughts and plans. Mom, I hope you and dad can respect us." Nora felt a little guilty because there was no way for her and Alan to have a child in their contractual marriage. Alan and she would not be able to fulfill their wish.
	"Of course, we respect you. We've given you five years of freedom." Anika frowned slightly. "Tell me. Is it Alan, that jerk, who doesn't want to have a child? If that's the case and you tell me, then your dad I as well as grandpa will help you."
	"Mom, he didn't."
	"Really?"
	"Really, no." Nora shook her head.
	"If not, then why don't you have a child?" Anika could not figure it out.
	At this moment, Hazel looked back at them and interjected, "Nora, I have something to say. If you think I'm right, then remember what I said. If not, then don't be offended."
	"Hazel, please tell me." Nora was already mentally prepared.
	"People say that children are the bond between husband and wife. Having a child can enhance the relationship between husband and wife and build a more secure relationship. It gives your significant other a sense of family responsibility," Hazel suggested.
	Nora also knew of those sayings, but this method did not apply to their marriage.
	"Hazel is right. Alan should grow up. You can't fool around like this anymore. Nora, please help him," Anika said.
	Nora looked at Anika's longing and expectant eyes, but she knew that there was nothing she could do.
	"Mom, I..." Nora did not know how to answer.
	Was this something she could help with? Would she be helping by giving birth to a child?
	Nora's words were interrupted by Hazel. "Nora, you don't have to rush to give us an answer. You can think about it for a while. Give it some careful thoughts before you tell mom."
	"Yes, yes, yes, you can think about it. No rush. No rush." Anika patted her hand again and did not continue the topic.
	Nora looked out of the car window worriedly.
	It seemed that the conversation about her child would be ongoing for a while.
	Nora accompanied Anika and Hazel to go shopping. They bought a lot of clothes, ate Western food for lunch and went to a spa in the afternoon... Afterward, Nora told them that she was going home.
	Rose chuckled and shook her head, "You are just stubborn and reluctant to admit it. Mr. Way obviously treats you quite well."
	And so, Nora parted ways with Anika and Hazel. She found a cafe and sat down under a parasol on the side of the road to relax.
	She immediately called Rose and said, "Rose, are you free today? Let's have a drink together."
	"Okay. I happen to have something to ask you." Rose smiled lightly.
	"We think alike and have an almost telepathic connection." Nora sighed faintly. "See you at the restaurant."
	Nora quietly enjoyed two hours of teatime before she drove to Noraby Restaurant.
	"Hello, Ms. Cooper," Employees all greeted Nora when they saw her.
	"Hello." Nora waved at them. "Don't mind me. Go ahead with your work."
	Nora went upstairs. The restaurant manager came upon hearing of her arrival. "Ms. Cooper, what can I do for you?"
	"Open my private dining room and prepare some food." Nora raised her wrist and checked her watch. "Start serving at 6 o'clock."
	"Okay."
	"And my friend is Rose Linder, Ms. Linder, who was here last time. When she arrives, have someone lead her upstairs," Nora added.
	Nora entered her private dining room, which was never open to others and was only reserved for herself and her friends.
	After the manager went in and opened the floor-to-ceiling curtains, rays of warm light from the setting sun fell into the room.
	The soft light fell on Nora's face, making her look gentle and beautiful.
	Rose arrived at 5:40 PM. "Nora."
	"Sit." Nora pointed to the opposite side.
	Rose walked over to put her purse down and sit.
	Nora poured a glass of lemonade and pushed it in front of her.
	"You are asking me for more than a drink." Rose held the warm glass in both hands.
	"Alan's parents are urging us to have children," Nora talked about her problem with a reluctant expression on her face. "You know that Alan and I aren't in that kind of relationship. We can't give birth to a child. Rose, what do you think I should do? I'm very worried."
	"I really can't help you with this problem," Rose shrugged lightly, suggesting that she could not help her. "I suggest you and Alan have a discussion. This isn't trivial."
	"I've discussed with Alan." Nora rubbed her sore temples with her fingertips. "I can only file for divorce, but he disagreed. He said that he would solve this problem and would not make me feel aggrieved. But even if I filed for divorce, my parents wouldn't agree to it. But what can he do?"
	"Since Mr. Way said he would deal with it, he should have a plan, so don't worry about it right now." Rose took a sip of lemonade. "But Mr. Way didn't force you to have a baby and still considered your feelings. He took responsibility, and that makes him a man."
	"I have an agreement with him. We would get married but we wouldn't have a child," Nora said frankly. "This is a problem that he should solve. It has nothing to do with whether he's being a man."
Chapter 391 Live Well for Your Loved Ones
	"Okay?" Nora snorted in disapproval.
	"What kind of attitude is this? You are upset?"
	"I don't want to mention him anymore," Nora took a sip of lemonade and changed the subject. "Rose, the person I told you about yesterday who looked like Oscar is Oca."
	"Nora, you should look at the people around you more. You'll discover something new," Rose reminded her not to live in the past. "Nora, I know you miss Mr. Stevens very much, but Mr. Moore is not Mr. Stevens. They are not the same person."
	Rose was afraid that Nora would become trapped in an illusion and would end up harming herself, so she shattered Nora's illusion right away.
	Nora lowered her eyelashes and frowned slightly. "I know. But how can two people in the world look so similar? They are just like twins. And their names too – Oscar...Oca, how similar."
	"No matter how similar they are, so what? He is not Mr. Stevens." Rose was also shocked at that time, but then she persuaded herself not to overthink it and face reality. "Nora, it's been five years. You should let go. Mr. Stevens doesn't want you to suffer and torture yourself because of him. He won't be at ease where he is.
	He definitely hopes that you can forget him and bravely pursue the happiness that belongs to you. So, for the sake of Mr. Stevens and yourself, let go."
	Rose reached out to hold Nora's hand on the table, not wanting her to live like a walking dead.
	She was only twenty-six years old and was still young. She should not waste her youth and time this way.
	"Is he really worried?" Nora's eyes were slightly moist.
	"Do you doubt Mr. Stevens's love for you? If you truly love someone, then you would naturally hope that your loved one can live a better and happier life than yourself." With a smile, Rose tucked a strand of hair in front of her forehead behind her ear. "And look at how you spent the past five years. It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that you lived in a fool's paradise."
	If Mr. Stevens were here, he would definitely be sad, so don't make him cry over there. Nora, be brave. Only you can break out your mental shackles."
	Nora was lost. It was true that she closed off the once lively and bright part of herself. Now she was just a beautiful shell.
	The past few years were in vain.
	"I don't want him to worry about me," Nora whispered. "I want him to be happy too."
	"In this case, don't make him worry about you anymore. I heard that if a person who passed away is still worried about someone, then they'll haunt the world of the living and will be unwilling to be reincarnated. Once he loses this opportunity, then he'll be a ghost forever and will not be able to be reincarnated." Rose patted Nora's hand as if she was telling a story.
	"Of course, this is just a superstition. It's not something we modern people should believe in, but I think we should live well for our loved ones. Mr. Stevens's death anniversary is approaching. Let's go see him together so you can tell him everything you want to say."
	"Okay." Nora also secretly made a decision.
	Rose smiled with satisfaction.
	At six o'clock sharp, their food was served.
	Rose and Nora drank some red wine. It was supposed to be a light drink, but Nora was greedy.
	During dinner, Rose advised Nora to stop drinking out of fear that she would become drunk and end up crying and causing trouble. This was her restaurant, and she was the boss. If she lost control, then she would humiliate herself in front of her subordinates.
	"Rose, do you think this is wine is fake? Why am I not drunk after drinking so much?" Nora picked up the nearly empty bottle of red wine and shook it.
	"Nora, this is your restaurant. Didn't you pick the wine yourself? How could it be fake?" Rose was speechless.
	"Oh right. I carefully picked all of them. How could it be fake?" Nora was stupefied. After smiling, she said, "I know, it must be because my alcohol tolerance improved. It must be so."
	Rose was a little resigned. Based on her nonsense talk, Nora had to be drunk.
	"A little bit more. Let's finish it." Nora picked up the bottle and poured it into the glass. The dark red liquid blossomed into a gorgeous flower formed by bubbles in the wine.
	"Stop drinking." When Rose was about to grab the glass, Nora already finished it in one gulp.
	Rose watched her turn the glass she had drunk upside down while maintaining her smile. "Look, not a drop is wasted."
	"Since when did you become frugal?" Rose taunted her slightly.
	"Anything can be wasted, but not wine," Nora said seriously.
	Rose could only look down to cut and eat her steak. At this time, she heard the sound of a phone ringing. It was Nora's phone.
	She told Bright that she would be having dinner with Nora, so he likely would not disturb her before nine o'clock.
	Nora picked up the phone and saw that the call was from Alan. She hung up right away and said to Rose, "What's he calling me for? It's useless to call me. I won't give birth to his child."
	"Nora..." As soon as Rose spoke, the phone rang again.
	This time it was still from Alan, so Nora hung up again. "So annoying."
	But Alan continued to call as if he would never give up.
	Rose prevented Nora from repeatedly hanging up. "Maybe you should answer the call. What if Mr. Way is calling you for something urgent?"
	"There's nothing urgent now except having a child." Nora was slightly drunk, and her pale face was a little flushed.
	"If you don't want to pick up, then I'll do it." Rose took the phone from her hand and picked up the call.
	As soon as the call was connected, she heard Alan's anxious words. "Nora, what are you hanging up on me for? I didn't see you when I went home. Where are you? It's late so why aren't you home for dinner?"
	"Mr. Way, this is Rose," Rose waited for him to finish before giving an introduction.
	"Oh... it's Ms. Linder." Alan was a little embarrassed. "Is Nora with you?"
	"Yes, we are having dinner together." Rose glanced at Nora, who was leaning on the back of the chair with her eyes closed. "She drank a lot of wine. Maybe you should come and take her back. We are in her head restaurant on Milky Road."
	"Okay, I'll come right away," Alan said.
	Rose glanced at Nora, then stood up. "I'm going to the lobby to ask someone to make a glass of honey water. It'll help sober you up."
	"I'll go with you. I don't want to stay here by myself." Nora grabbed her hand.
	"You are drunk, so you should sit down."
	"I'm going."
	There was nothing Rose could do once Nora became stubborn, so Rose had to go downstairs with her, only to meet someone familiar.
Chapter 392 Making It Hard on Him and Myself
	Nora was attracted by someone familiar at first sight. "Rose, look, isn't that Mr. Stevens? Why is he here?"
	Rose followed Nora's gaze and saw Oscar. No, it should be Oca, who sat in the window seat, with two people she never met before.
	"Nora, you've mistaken. He's not Mr. Stevens. He's Mr. Moore," Rose corrected her.
	"Oh, it's Mr. Moore." Nora smiled slightly. "He is so similar to Mr. Stevens, so I always think he is Mr. Stevens."
	"Have a seat first. I'll pour honey water for you." Rose helped Nora sit down in the nearest seat.
	After Rose helped Nora settle down, she went to the reception and asked the waiter to bring honey before she personally prepared honey water for Nora.
	She read from a book that drinking honey water can help relieve hangovers, so she decided to give it a try.
	It was just that while she concentrated on boiling water for Nora, Nora got up when she was not there and went straight to the table where Oca was at.
	Nora stood still at the table where Oca was at. Her body blocked some of the light and cast a shadow on the dining table, attracting everyone's gaze.
	Oca looked up slightly but only glanced at Nora whose face was slightly flushed. His gaze was short, so short that it was as if his eyes never swept over her.
	Others stared at Nora. After all, Nora was a beauty from head to toe.
	"Hey beauty, do you know us?" A man asked boldly.
	Nora smiled charmingly before picking up the glass of red wine on the table and raising it to Oca. "Mr. Moore, I hereby propose a toast to you."
	"Mrs. Way, you are drunk. Don't push yourself too hard." Oca ignored Nora's toast.
	When the other two heard how Oca addressed Nora, the disappointment was obvious in their eyes. It turned out that she was already married. What a pity.
	Nora frowned because of how Oca addressed her. "My name is Nora Cooper. You can call me Nora."
	"Since Ms. Cooper is married to Mr. Way, and because of coverture, I should address you as Mrs. Way." Nora disagreed with Oca's logic.
	Nora looked at his sharp facial features and cold expression. "How old-fashioned. Is Mr. Moore from ancient times? It's the 21st century. Women don't belong to men anymore."
	"Since Mr. Moore doesn't want to call me Ms. Cooper, you can call Boss Cooper."
	The other two's eyes were filled with doubt. Why this title?
	"What business does Ms. Cooper do?" Someone asked.
	"I opened this restaurant. This is the head one." Nora propped against the table with one hand and held the glass in the other, but her eyes were fixed on Oca's straight nose. "So, it's perfectly appropriate to call me Boss Cooper. So, I thank Mr. Moore for coming to this restaurant as the boss."
	Oca gently and gracefully wiped the corners of his lips with a napkin while the expression on his face remained the same.
	"Mr. Moore, I'm tired from holding the glass. It seems that you are not willing to do me the honour and have a drink with me?" Nora did not show a trace of anger.
	"Thank you for your kindness, but Boss Cooper is already drunk. I'm afraid Hazel will misunderstand that I made you drunk." Oca looked for an excuse.
	Nora sat down freely in the empty seat beside Oca. "First, Hazel isn't that petty. Second, I have a high alcohol tolerance. Third, don't we have two gentlemen here who can testify for you?"
	"Fourth, I can explain to Hazel that I voluntarily proposed a toast, and it had nothing to do with you. She would scold me at most. So, does Mr. Moore have any further concerns?"
	Nora seemed determined to not give up until Oca drank the glass of wine today.
	Oca was still very calm despite Nora's aggressive attitude. Even his eyes were cold when he gazed at her. His gaze was the same as before, making it difficult for others to see his emotions and guess his thoughts.
	He was very unfathomable.
	Oca refused to raise his glass while Nora raised her glass with stubbornness, waiting for his response.
	"Why would Mrs. Way make it hard on me and yourself?" Although Oca's thin lips curled, there was no warmth in his smile.
	The smile on Nora's face became even more gorgeous. "It's just a glass of wine. Since Mr. Moore doesn't want to do me the honour, then I'll drink by myself."
	Nora put the wine glass to her red lips and drank it in one gulp.
	"Mr. Moore, since you have a deep friendship with Hazel, there'll be many occasions for us to meet, so I'll eventually have the opportunity to drink with Mr. Moore." Nora gently placed the empty glass on the table.
	"Then Mrs. Way can keep waiting for said opportunity." Oca's long fingers gently rubbed the stem of the glass with a calm expression.
	"Okay." With a smile, Nora picked up the red wine and poured it into her glass again. She raised the glass and proposed a toast to a man on the opposite side. "Since Mr. Moore is so polite, I'll drink with these two gentlemen."
	The two men glanced at Oca, watching his expression.
	"What? Are you afraid of him?" Nora naturally saw his small movements. "Do you need Mr. Moore's permission to drink with me? Isn't it normal for the owner of a restaurant to propose a toast?"
	The two men did not dare to look at Nora's eyes and lowered their eyes while feeling slightly guilty.
	Nora looked at the two men and chuckled disdainfully, but she did not want to blame them. After all, they probably yielded to Oca's tyranny.
	"Mr. Moore, it's just a glass of wine. You refuse to drink it, yet you don't let others drink either? Aren't you a little too controlling?" Nora shook the glass gently and swirled the wine, creating beautiful dark red flowers.
	"Or have I, Nora, offended you? Do you have something against me?" Nora's eyes were filled with grievance and innocence while she sounded coquettish.
	At this time, Nora felt tipsy, and her face flushed, unaware that she appeared seductive.
	Any normal man would be moved upon seeing Nora's intoxicated appearance, but Oca was indifferent. He was still unwilling to look at her.
	"Okay, if you all don't want to drink with me, then I'll drink by myself." Nora drank another glass in one gulp then poured one more and drank a third glass.
	After three glasses of wine, she said, "These are the three glasses of wine I toast to you. Whether you drink or not is your business. Okay, I won't bother you anymore. You guys have fun."
	After that, Nora slowly got up while pushing against the table.
	Nora was even drunker now, and her mind was foggy. She cared about her appearance and wore eight-inch-high heels. At this moment, her legs felt weak as if she was stepping on cotton. She could not stand still that she fell towards Oca.
Chapter 393 Except Her, He Never Hugged Other Women
	Before Oca could support her, Nora had fallen on him. Oca frowned slightly at Nora.
	In others' eyes, Oca seemed to be unhappy and feel disgusted.
	Immediately, Oca reached out and helped Nora up.
	Rose, who found Nora missing, came looking for her everywhere and found that Nora had fallen on Oca. "I'm sorry, Mr. Moore. Nora is drunk. She didn't mean to get your clothes dirty."
	A man like Oca, the president of an international group, was of high status. The clothes he wore must be customized.
	Just like Bright, Oca paid attention to taste and quality, which was why he could be so charming in the suit.
	"Mr. Moore, if you don't mind telling me where you live, I'll have a new set of suit made and delivered to you, and I won't bother you." Rose looked at the wine stains on Oca's suit and felt sorry for Nora.
	"I don't need you to pay for the dress, but Ms. Linder, please take her away." Oca released Nora.
	"All right, all right, I'll take her right away." Rose reached out to help Nora. "Nora, let's go."
	But Nora idly lifted her eyelids and got rid of Rose, saying, "Who are you? I'm not going with you."
	"Nora, I am Rose." Nora was already wasted. "Don't you know me?"
	"Should I know you?" Nora asked her back.
	"Well, whatever. You have to go with me." Rose knew Nora was drunk and didn't care about it and she was going to take Nora away.
	But Nora put her arms around Oca's neck and said, "I'm not leaving."
	Oca shocked to be hugged by Nora. "Let go of me," he said coldly.
	"How... How dare you be so unpleasant to me?" Nora stared at Oca with an aggrieved look and was about to cry.
	Not only did Nora burst into tears and not let go of Oca, but she hugged him tighter and wiped her own tears on his expensive suit as if it were her tissue.
	The two men sitting beside looked Nora in shock, then they were panicked and said to Oca, "Mr. Moore, we... We'll go first."
	The two men fled in a hurry.
	"Nora!" Rose looked at Nora like a child and snapped, "Why are you crying?"
	"He is unpleasant to me!" Nora felt it was Oca's fault.
	"Ms. Cooper, don't forget that you are married. It is not appropriate to hug another man in the public," Oca reminded her. "Please let go of me."
	Nora was so drunk that she didn't even know who she was. How could she care about the identity or something else now? She said stubbornly, "I don't care."
	But Oca reached out and pulled her arm off his neck. And then he stood up, sorting out his clothes which had been creased by Nora, and then stepped away.
	Nora put her arms around Oca's waist from behind. "Don't go... Don't leave me..."
	"Ms. Cooper, please behave yourself!" Oca wasn't softhearted. He got rid of Nora's arms and marched away.
	Nora wept as she looked at Oca leaving.
	Rose looked at Nora, who was crying so hard that she could not catch her breath. Rose just silently went forward to support Nora.
	She said nothing but patted Nora on the back and stayed with her until Nora was tired from crying and went to sleep.
	When Bright arrived, he saw Rose standing still and Nora leaning over her belly, with her beautiful face stained with tears and messy makeup.
	"Baby, are you all right?" Bright could tell by looking at them that Rose must have held this position for a long time.
	"I'm fine. Help me get Nora to the car." When Rose saw Bright had arrived, she felt relieved.
	It was really a happy thing to have someone to rely on.
	Not everyone could have this kind of happiness.
	Bright was a little surprised. To let him carry Nora into the car?
	"It's not so good, is it?" Bright hesitated. "Let Alan do it."
	"I ask you to do so just because I can't let him come." Rose didn't dare to let Alan see Nora like that.
	She didn't know what Alan would think if he knew how Nora had cried her heart out and she was holding on to Oca.
	"I never hugged a woman other than you." Bright obviously didn't want to do it, even though she was Rose's best friend.
	"Don't worry, I won't be jealous. Besides, she's my best friend," Rose promised.
	"Just because she's your best friend, I can't do it," Bright stuck to his principle.
	"Fine, I can only do it myself." Rose turned her back to Nora and half crouched down. "Help me put Nora on my back. I'll carry her."
	"Don't pretend to be strong." Bright looked at the lobby manager.
	The lobby manager came forward and said, "What can I do for you, Mr. Lee?"
	"Could you find someone to help Ms. Cooper out? If two people are not enough, two more. Four women, please."
	"Yes." The lobby manager nodded and looked at several waitresses, ordering them to come over.
	Bright handed Nora to a waiter and then he took Rose over to make way for the waiter.
	Nora was carefully taken out by the waitresses, and Bright and Rose followed behind.
	In the car, Rose wiped Nora's face with a wet paper towel, and arranged her hair and clothes so that Nora did not look too embarrassed.
	Bright focused on driving and looked at Rose in the rearview mirror from time to time. "What's wrong with her today?"
	"Do you remember Hazel's friend Oca?" Rose carefully sorted Nora's hair on her forehead.
	"Oca, President of G.S. Group." Bright already knew who Oca was.
	"He looks so much like Mr. Stevens. It can be said that they are the same person." Rose looked sadly at Nora, who was asleep on her lap. "How can two people be so alike?"
	"So, what's happening to Nora today has something to do with Oca?" Bright raised his eyebrows.
	"Mr. Moore is having dinner at Nora's restaurant." Rose explained what had happened. "Now everyone in the restaurant, especially her staff, has seen this. What if Alan finds it out? Although they are husband and wife in the name, it's a terrible blow."
	"No one can help her, except that man." Bright pointed out the key point. "And it depends on what Nora chooses."
Chapter 394 She Is My Wife and I Should Take Care of Her
	Rose looked at Nora, unable to say anything.
	She knew that Nora had never forgotten Oscar.
	If Oscar were alive, Nora would be desperate to be with him.
	Rose leaned back on the car seat, feeling helpless and sad.
	"Everyone has his own way to go, you can't replace her, nor can she completely listen to your advice. So, you don't have to worry. This is life." Bright advised to stop Rose feeling sad about it.
	Rose wiped her wet eyes slightly and said, "I'll call Alan."
	"Let me do it." Bright called with his car phone.
	When Alan answered the phone, he sounded surprised. "Mr. Lee?"
	"Ms. Cooper is asleep. Rose and I are on our way to take her back. We will be in Springhill Villa in ten minutes." Bright gave a brief explanation.
	"Yes, I'll wait for you at the door."
	When Bright pulled up to the front of Alan's house, Alan had been waiting at the gate for a long time.
	When the car stopped, Alan approached them. Bright quickly got out, "In the back seat."
	Bright pulled open the backseat door. Alan saw Nora on Rose's legs in the warm yellow light of the street lamp. Her eyelashes were curling, and she was calmly beautiful when she was asleep.
	Alan bent down to pull Nora off Rose and smelled alcohol. "Is she drinking?" he asked.
	"She's in a bad mood," Rose explained. "You should know that your parents want her to have children."
	Although it was not entirely for this reason that Nora drank, she was indeed in a bad mood for this matter so Nora asked Rose out for dinner.
	And Rose could only use this excuse to cover up Nora's obsession with Oscar.
	Alan looked a bit embarrassed after hearing this, and he blamed himself, "It was my fault. I didn't protect her well."
	"They're your parents. It's understandable that they want grandchildren. You don't have to blame yourself too much." Rose felt guilty about not telling the whole truth.
	"I'll handle this. Sorry to incommode you."
	"Don't say that. Nora is my best friend." Rose looked at Nora being supported by Alan and said, "Please take care of her tonight."
	"She's my wife, and it's my duty to take care of her." Alan hugged Nora up. "Thank you for bringing her back."
	"You're welcome." Rose shook her head. "I'll leave Nora to you. We'll go back first."
	"Ms. Linder, rest assured. I will do everything I can not to make her feel wronged and I will take good care of her." Because Rose was Nora's best friend, he wanted to let her rest assured.
	"I believe you can do it."
	Rose bade goodbye to him and left with Bright.
	Alan looked down at Nora in his arms, then carried her into the villa.
	Alan called to Freya, "Freya, make some light soup, and cook some porridge."
	Freya saw Alan walking upstairs with Nora in his arms. "Mr. Alan, is lady drunk?"
	"It's my fault that she drank. She was in a bad mood." Alan took the blame on himself.
	"Alan, don't blame me for being big-mouthed. On the surface, lady looks happy every day, but on the inside, she is not happy at all. She bears everything in her heart."
	"Mr. Alan, if you can, spend more time with her. Lady has her rough days sometimes." Freya had been accompanying Nora to grow up in the Cooper family, and she was already regarded Nora as her own daughter.
	"Yes, I will," said Alan.
	"Thank you, Mr. Alan. I'm going to make the soup." Freya smiled with relief.
	Alan carried Nora upstairs to her bedroom, put her on the bed, and tucked her under the covers.
	He then went to the bathroom, brought a basin of warm water, wrung out a clean white towel to wipe Nora's face.
	Nora felt itchy on her face and drove that hand away with a frown.
	Alan watched her sleep peacefully, like a contented child, without the harsh look when she confronted him. And the faint red on her pale face added a touch of charm.
	Alan continued to wipe her neck and hands. After that, he picked up a chair and sat beside the bed, staring at Nora.
	He didn't say or do anything, just stare at her closely, as if he enjoyed doing this.
	Soon Freya came up. "Alan, the soup is ready."
	"Nora is not awake. Keep the soup and porridge warm and then go to rest. When she wakes up, I'll bring it to her," Alan said to Freya.
	"Alan, we don't know when Nora's going to wake up. Let me watch her and you can go and have a rest." Freya didn't dare go to rest and left Alan taking care of Nora.
	"Freya, I told you to go and rest. Just do what I told you. Nora is my wife, and I will take care of her," Alan said firmly.
	Freya nodded. "If you need anything, just call me."
	"Yes." Alan nodded. "Freya, thank you. You must be tired."
	"Alan, it's my job to look after you and my young lady. I don't feel tired at all."
	Then Freya went downstairs, and Alan watched Nora alone.
	He took Nora's right hand gently and pressed her hand against his face, feeling her warmth.
	Today he was taken away by his father Palmer, who told him to have a baby with Nora.
	He said that if the husband and wife did not want to end up setting apart, they should have their own children. With the bond, the risk of setting apart could be lowered.
	Both the Way family and the Cooper family were big ones. Nora was the only child of the Cooper family and the Cooper Group would be inherited by Nora sooner or later. As the son-in-law of the Cooper family, he would naturally be the owner of the Cooper Group.
	Alan understood what his father meant. Palmer wanted to strengthen the marriage between the two families, but he did not want to force Nora.
	It would be nice if Nora would be willing to have a child for him, but he didn't know if that day would come.
	In the middle of the night, Alan was awakened by Nora's somniloquy.
	"Nora, what are you talking about?" Alan woke up with his hand clutching Nora's.
	By the light of the bedside lamp, he could see Nora wringing her eyebrows, sweat oozing from her forehead, and her head moving from side to side as if she had had a nightmare.
	"Don't go, don't leave me." Nora clutched Alan's hand nervously. "Don't leave me alone."
	Alan felt that she was clutching him strongly, and he patted the back of her hand soothingly. "Don't worry. I'm here."
Chapter 395 Cherish the One You Are With
	"Oscar... Oscar..." Nora was calling Oscar, "I miss you, miss you so much..."
	She had no pressure at the moment to release her crazy missing for Oscar, and with a sad sound, she called Oscar's name again and again.
	But the name made Alan freeze. He suddenly felt Nora's hand was no longer warm.
	His eyes widened, and he was stiff. The world seemed to fall into dead silence, with only Nora's sound leaving.
	The name was both close and distant from his world, but it seemed to tear something apart bit by bit.
	He did not know what it was, but he seemed to be drowning in the water, and he felt uncomfortable and suffocated.
	He desperately wanted to swim underwater, to breathe the air on land, and to survive.
	But no matter how he swam, there seemed to be no end. He was panic.
	"Oscar... Didn't we say that we will never be apart?"
	Alan gave a jolt, as if he had had a terrible dream.
	He let go of Nora's hand, slumped against the back of the chair, and slowly closed his eyes.
	He had also heard about Nora's past.
	He had heard about Oscar, who Nora had fallen in love with when she was a girl.
	But the man seemed to be dead, which was why Nora would become a heartless person as she was now.
	But as far as he was concerned, Oscar had been living in Nora's heart, and no one could ever replace him.
	Alan closed his eyes and raised a wry smile.
	The day was about to break.
	Nora woke up with a splitting headache and found herself on her bed in her bedroom.
	She lay in bed, trying to remember what had happened the day before, and then she realized that she had done something improper.
	She met Oca drinking and then forced him to drink with her... So, how did she get back?
	Did Alan pick her up from the restaurant?
	Nora closed her eyes and exhaled heavily.
	Nora allowed herself to lie quietly for a while, then got up to shower and clean herself up.
	Seeing in the mirror that her charm had come back, she smiled and left the bedroom.
	She went downstairs and walked past the living room. Freya saw Nora and said, "Lady, are you up? Do you feel uncomfortable? Where's Mr. Alan? Didn't you ask him to come down to breakfast?"
	Freya asked several questions in a row, and Nora just said, "I am having a headache."
	She reached out and rubbed her ached temples.
	While she knew how bad a hangover could be, there were times when she really wished she could get drunk and forget everything.
	"You were drunk yesterday and Mr. Alan brought you home." Freya looked at Nora, happy and worried. "Don't drink too much again. Mr. Alan would worry about you."
	"He brought me home?" Nora was surprised.
	"Yes, and he told me to make soup and porridge for you, and keep them warm so that you could have some when you wake up. And he offered to take care of you the whole night and let me go and rest." Freya told what Alan had done yesterday.
	"Lady, Mr. Alan seems to change. He's much more attentive to you than he used to be. He must be tired after watching you all night last night. You might have breakfast first."
	Nora listened to all what Alan had done for her, wondering why.
	Was it because his parents were forcing her to have a baby that he felt guilty and wanted to treat her well in exchange for peace of mind?
	It must be that way, or she couldn't think of any other reasons why Alan would treat her so well.
	He went to drink because she was upset by the baby thing, and he must be responsible for it.
	With that in mind, Nora felt less stressed for what Alan did.
	She went to the dining table. Freya brought her the soup and said, "Have some soup, lady."
	Nora looked at the soup and had some.
	The breakfast was light. She had only been awake, and there was nothing left in her stomach. It was good to have something light.
	Nora ate her breakfast in silence, and Freya brought her something more.
	There was a glass of milk, a fried egg, a ham sandwich... That was a rich breakfast.
	Nora looked at Freya and wondered, "Freya, I've had enough. I can't eat any more."
	"These are not for you, lady. I asked you to serve it to Mr. Alan." Freya lifted her eyes and glanced upstairs. "Mr. Alan took care of you last night. You didn't ask him to come down for dinner, so you might send him some breakfast to show your appreciation."
	"I bring him the breakfast?" Nora hugged her chest, unwilling to do that.
	She was Nora, and she had never served anyone before.
	"Mr. Alan isn't anyone else. He's your husband. You are couple, and it is proper you send him the meal. Lady, you should be kinder to him. Mr. Alan was worried about you last night, after all." Freya knew what Nora was thinking.
	"Well, for the sake that he took care of me last night, I might just serve him the breakfast." Nora got up and took the tray.
	Freya laughed and said, "Lady is kindhearted inner side."
	Nora feigned displeasure. "Freya, how much did he give you so that you are protecting him?"
	"I did it because he is your husband, and I hope you can live peacefully." Freya did think so. "Even though Mr. Alan seems to be indifferent, he is very attentive to you."
	"Freya, you talked a little too much today." Nora added, "I don't believe he didn't do you any favors."
	"Lady, I just want you to be happy." Freya was thoughtful about Nora. "Mr. Alan is really nice.
	"I can see that he is good to you, but you are too obsessed with the past, and didn't know about it. I just want to remind you that, you should learn to cherish the person who cares about you."
	"Freya, that's enough." Nora looked stern.
	She couldn't forget the past. How could forget the past?
	"Freya, I killed him. He died because of me. I have no right to be happy!" Freya was clear about what happened. "I'm afraid there is no one in the world who still remembers him. How sad he would be if I forget him too."
	She put down the tray, put her hands on the table, and lowered her head.
	"Lady..." Freya felt sad. "You can remember him, but you have to move on as well!"
Chapter 396 He Must Attend Her Wedding
	Freya was very distressed at seeing Nora go through the sadness and hardship these years.
	"Lady, you can't live your life in this way. If Mr. Stevens were here, he would not want to see you give up on yourself. He must hope that you can be happy. Even if he can't give you this happiness, he also wants others can give you happiness."
	Freya reached out and took Nora's hand. "Lady, Mr. Alan has really changed a lot lately, and I have noticed his kindness to you. You might pay some attention to the ones around you."
	Nora took a deep breath and smiled, "Freya, I know you care about me and love me, but I know how to deal with my affairs."
	Freya nodded and said no more. "Then serve the food to Mr. Alan."
	"Yes, I will." Nora picked up the tray again and went upstairs.
	Nora went to Alan's bedroom and knocked on the door. "Alan, it's me."
	But there was no answer.
	Nora added, "I am coming in."
	Nora opened the door and walked inside. Alan was asleep with his back to her.
	Nora put the tray on the cupboard and said, "It's time for breakfast."
	Alan nodded lightly, "Okay."
	"For the sake of you looking after me yesterday, that's my appreciation for you." Nora looked at his back. "Thank you. Have a good rest. I'll leave you alone."
	Nora thought that he must have been so tired of taking care of her yesterday that he was in no mood to talk to her.
	As she turned to leave, Alan called to her, "Nora, wait."
	"Anything else?" Nora turned to look at him, who remained motionless.
	There was a long pause, and when Nora was about to speak, Alan said, "No... Nothing. I just want to rest."
	"Then have a good rest." Nora left.
	Nora went downstairs and sat in the living room, flipping through a magazine, thinking about what had happened the day before.
	Had she forgotten something important?
	Nora racked her brain, but she could think of nothing. So, she just called Rose and asked her what had happened.
	Rose just arrived at the company. She put her bag on her desk and said, "Nora, are you OK? Did you have a headache after drinking so much?"
	"Rose, was it Alan who took me home yesterday?" Nora had no idea of what happened last night. "Didn't I have dinner with you?"
	"Bright and I took you home." Rose was surprised. "Don't you remember?"
	"No." Nora shook her head.
	"So, you don't remember you went for a drink with Mr. Moore?" Rose leaned against the desk.
	"Oca?" Nora was shocked and she had a bad feeling. "I haven't had done anything wrong, have I?
	"You forced Mr. Moore to drink with you and cuddle with him. And you didn't want to go with me." Rose was really helpless.
	Nora knew that Rose would not lie to her, "So, what was his reaction?"
	"Looking at you with disgust," Rose said with a low laugh, "You know, no one likes to be pestered by a drunkard. I'd hate it too."
	"But don't worry about it. Mr. Moore wouldn't take it to heart. But you have to mind your behavior and don't make a joke of yourself."
	"Everyone in the restaurant saw it?" Nora felt embarrassed when she thought about what had happened.
	Rose didn't answer, but Nora knew everyone had known about it.
	"But Alan doesn't know about that." Rose reminded her, "But you are husband and wife, so you still have to deal with it properly to avoid any misunderstanding."
	Oca was Hazel's boyfriend, and she was Alan's wife, but she was so intimate to Oca and had been seen by the staff of her restaurant. If Alan or Hazel knew about it, that would be terrible.
	"I see," Nora sighed. "Go busy with your work."
	Rose looked at the screen, feeling worried for Nora.
	Getting drunk was easy to get into troubles. That was universally true.
	"Ms. Linder, it's ready to have a meeting." The assistant knocked on the door to remind her.
	Rose picked up the papers she had prepared on the desk and went to the conference room. Today was the quarterly meeting.
	The meeting lasted fifty minutes. When it was over, Rose went to Matthew's office.
	"What's up, Rose?" Matthew looked at Rose.
	Rose walked over, and took out a large red invitation letter from the folder and placed it in front of him.
	It was a Chinese design invitation letter, very beautiful. It must be designed by a famous artist and cost a lot of.
	"I'm having my wedding next month, and invite Mr. Sue attend my wedding."
	When Matthew saw the red invitation letter, he knew it was a happy event for Rose and Bright. "I will definitely attend your wedding with Mr. Lee. Congratulations!"
	"Thank you." After getting to know Matthew well, Rose had become friends with Mathew. "Have you solved the problem with Velina?"
	Matthew picked up the invitation and put it in the drawer. "My mother is so stubborn, and Velina does everything my Mom wants," he said. "It's no use talking to them."
	He was very annoyed by this matter and recently his life became messy and he became more tired because of this.
	"Are there any other methods to solve with it?" Rose looked at Matthew's sad face and felt sad for him.
	"Yes, the first is to listen to my mother, and get married, the second is to wait until they change their minds." Matthew smiled dryly.
	"Auntie is pushing you to get married because she thinks you're single and it's not easy for you to take care of a kid alone. Of course, it's my suggestion. If Wyatt's mother and you can make up and it can give the child a complete family, your mother might not push you too hard." Rose thought it was a good idea to try.
	Matthew rubbed his temples, feeling head ached. "My mother only recognizes Velina now," he said, "because I haven't been able to prove my innocence."
	This was the problem, the one he could not solve, and the one his mother used as the chip to force him to marry Velina.
	He didn't know how to prove that there was nothing happened between him and Velina.
	"Forget it, stop thinking about these unhappy things and just focus on work." Rose didn't want to cause him any more trouble. "I'll go busy with my work now."
	Rose had just reached the door when Lily came in.
	Rose and Lily happened to meet each other's gaze, and the latter smiled with pride. "Ms. Linder is here too. Today it's my birthday. I will treat the design department to dinner tonight. Mr. Sue and Ms. Linder, welcome you to attend the party."
Chapter 397 Be Good, Mr. Lee
	"And didn't our department do a good job this time? We want to celebrate it as well, so Mr. Sue and Ms. Linder, you can't be absent."
	Matthew looked at Lily and nodded. "Yes. Go back to your work."
	"Ms. Linder, be there on time."
	"Definitely."
	Rose was graceful and calm in the face of Lily.
	When she got back to the office, Amy came over and said, "Ms. Linder, are you invited to Lily's birthday dinner today?"
	"I happened to meet her in Mr. Sue's office, and she invited me." Rose tried to get the cup but found it was gone.
	Amy placed her cup on her desk and said, "Here's your coffee."
	"Thank you." Rose took it and took a sip.
	"Ms. Linder, I heard that the Lily's birthday was held in No.8 Club by her boyfriend, Ethan. She just wants to show off that she has a rich boyfriend so that everyone can envy her," Amy sneered.
	"Well, it depends on how you see the matter." Rose was not envious. "It's her ability to have a rich boyfriend."
	"I don't envy her anyway," Amy said. "I heard that Ethan is not a dedicated lover and has dated a lot of women. I'm sure Lily isn't the first and won't be the last."
	"You'd better not talk about other people's business too much." Rose didn't want Amy to get into troubles.
	Amy was good but she was outspoken. Sometimes she didn't know how she had offended others.
	"I'm only telling you, and I don't dare to tell others." Amy had learned to be careful after she suffered a loss.
	The time passed quickly, and it was lunch time now.
	Rose sent a message to Bright during her lunch break. "Have you eaten yet?"
	"Yes. What? Missed me?" Bright replied.
	According to Bright's style, if he could solve a matter with a phone call, he wouldn't do it with text messages. When he got together with Rose, he was influenced by her and used text messages more often.
	Sometimes he felt this way of contact was quite romantic. They could communicate slowly on the message.
	Rose looked at Bright's reply and smiled helplessly. "I want to tell you that there will be a birthday party in the company tonight, so I will not go back for dinner. Please take good care of yourself, and Doris and grandpa."
	"Mrs. Lee, you seem to have more social activities than I am." Bright sounded unhappy that he was being left out.
	"I just happen to be busy these two days," Rose explained.
	"You must make it up to me."
	"OK, I'll make it up to you when I go back home, alright?"
	Rose calmed Bright, "Be good, Mr. Lee."
	After work, Matthew offered to give Rose a drive.
	Rose seldom drove to the office. She usually went to work with Bright, so Matthew asked her to go to No.8 Club with him.
	No.8 Club was not the most high-end club in City H. Anyone could apply for a membership card if he had money.
	But some of the top clubs could only accept noble people to be their members. These clubs had strict regulations on the membership system, so they would protect the privacy of the noble people and made the members feel dignified.
	Rose knew that Bright was a VVIP member of many clubs, and he was invited to join the club for free. These clubs wanted to use Bright's influence to promote their images, which was a free advertisement.
	Matthew and Rose went to No.8 Club together. Lily arrived early because she had asked for half a day's leave, and dressed herself very beautiful and delicate.
	She was wearing a red tube dress, with a pair of high-heeled shoes, which made her look tall and slim. When she smiled, she gave full play of her charm.
	Today she was the protagonist and she was gorgeous.
	Rose, on the other hand, was wearing apricot shirts and black pants, looking smart and gentle, simple but generous.
	Rose, who was born beautiful, would outshine others even when she only wore light makeup.
	Amy came over when she saw Rose and said, "Rose, Lily is way too far tonight. She can beat you, anyway."
	"Be careful of what you say." Rose felt that Amy began to blabber again.
	"I'm just being honest." Amy would only listen to Rose. "Mr. Sue, what do you think?" Amy asked Matthew.
	"Just keep it between us." Matthew got a glass of champagne.
	Today, Lily booked a large private room and held a birthday party. There were not only colleagues, but also some friends and relatives Rose didn't know.
	Lily was holding Ethan's arm to greet the crowd, but she just wanted to show off.
	"Go and see what's good to eat." Rose felt hungry now.
	Amy went to the buffet with Rose to get some fruit and cakes. She didn't want to join in with Lily.
	In the center of the room, Lily made a speech of thanks and danced with Ethan.
	They seemed like a good match.
	Lily brought Ethan over and introduced Matthew, then Matthew made a phone call and went out.
	Lily looked disdainfully at Rose, who was eating fruit.
	"Honey, this is Ms. Linder, our Senior Designer." Lily said ironically.
	Ethan looked at Rose, who was beautiful and refined. Her eyes were watery and affectionate, as charming as twinkling stars.
	"Ms. Linder is so beautiful. You must have a lot of suitors." Ethan looked at Rose with admiration.
	"Dear, Ms. Linder is married." Lily shattered Ethan's fantasy.
	Seeing that Ethan fixed his eyes on Rose, Lily felt uncomfortable, and she could not help tightening her grip on Ethan's arm.
	"Ms. Linder's married so young?" Ethan was surprised and felt a bit pity.
	Rose just smiled. "I'm not young now."
	Someone suddenly called behind Rose, "Rose."
	Rose turned around and was met with a loud slap.
	Rose was caught off guard by the unexpected slap. Her ears were buzzing and her face was tingling with pain.
	All the people present were attracted by this scene.
	Amy supported Rose and said, "Who are you? How can you beat others at will? Are you crazy?"
	"I'm Matthew's mother, and I'm here today to show you who Rose really is! It is she who shamelessly seduced my son and broke his marriage to my future daughter-in-law!" Madam Sue said squarely, "A slap is not enough!"
Chapter 398 Even It Will Cost You Anything
	Madam Sue looked at Rose with a sneer, who was surprised and shocked. What she did successfully attracted the attention of more people, who were gradually gathering to see a good show.
	The crowd began to whisper and taunt Rose.
	"I didn't expect Ms. Linder to do this. She's married, but she still flirts with Mr. Sue. What a shame."
	"I heard that although Ms. Linder's husband is rich, he is old and ugly and not as good as our handsome and young Mr. Sue. If I were Rose, I would choose Mr. Sue."
	"Yes, those who ruin others' marriage should go to hell."
	"Beautiful women are always coquettish and mean."
	Rose did not get angry at the gossip, but looked at the people calmly.
	Lily did not hide her smirk and disdainful smile.
	But Amy could not bear to see so many people humiliating Rose indiscriminately. "What nonsense are you talking about? When did you see Ms. Linder seduce Mr. Sue? You're just jealous of the relationship between Ms. Linder and Mr. Sue. I don't believe a word you're saying anyway. Ms. Linder is definitely not that kind of person, and I believe in her character. You'd better see how twisted your heart is, and how sick you are."
	"Amy, don't be cheated by her. How much do you know about her?" said Lily.
	"I'm sure Ms. Linder is not the person you're talking about," Amy said firmly.
	"Amy, just ignore them. They won't listen to you," Rose stood straight.
	Even if she was now in a disadvantage, and was a bit embarrassed, she was not defeated by such a disadvantage and still wore a smile.
	"Ms. Linder, are you okay?" Amy looked sadly at the red marks on her face.
	If she had been humiliated and embarrassed by so many people, she would not have been as cool as Rose. She would have burst into tears.
	Rose, however, didn't even bother to say a word to defend herself.
	"I'm fine." Rose patted on Amy's hand. "Come on, it's no big deal."
	Rose was so proud that Lily wanted to tear her lofty face to pieces.
	Lily smiled and faced Madam Sue. "You're Mr. Sue's mother? I work for Mr. Sue. Auntie, calm down. It's not worth to be angered by such a woman."
	"You are Matthew's colleagues. Please judge whether I should beat such a shameless woman?" What a messy match Madam Sue and Lily was. "You must watch your man carefully. Don't let your boyfriend be seduced by a woman like her!"
	"Auntie, do you have any proof? Otherwise, you will be sued for libel." Lily's eyes flashed across Rose's face.
	"Of course I do." Madam Sue took out her phone and showed the photos.
	The pictures showed Matthew and Rose having dinner together, talking and laughing, and Matthew holding Rose's waist intimately, and some pictures looked like they were kissing.
	In the photo of Matthew holding Rose on the waist, that was because Rose sprained her ankle, while in the photo of kissing, it was because of shooting position.
	This couldn't be regarded evidence at all.
	Lily looked at the photos on the phone and frowned, looking back at Rose, "Ms. Linder, I wanted to say something nice for you, but these pictures... Why are you doing this when you are already married?"
	"Oh!" Rose smiled faintly. "Is that the evidence? Do you see anything? Haven't you ever had dinner with a guy friend? Haven't you been supported when you sprained your ankle? Show the sound proof. Do you have a picture of us on the bed? I want to enjoy it too."
	Madam Sue was choked by Rose. She pointed at Rose and trembled with anger. And she was so furious that she couldn't utter a word.
	"I have never seen a woman as shameless as you are! No wonder Velina can't win you! She's so innocent."
	"Auntie, don't be angry." Lily supported Madam Sue's and said to Rose, "Ms. Linder, I don't think you want your husband to know about these things. Why don't you apologize to Madam Sue and I will help say something nice of you?"
	"I am the one being slandered and vilified. What is wrong with me? Why should I apologize?" Rose raised her eyebrows unyieldingly. "And I have never seen such an unreasonable and annoying person as Madam Sue!"
	"Rose, as long as I am alive one day, I will never let you enter the Sue Family!" Madam Sue said indignantly.
	"And you don't push me too hard!" Rose's eyes were cold but firm, "Do you know that you are slandering to me and injured me? I can call the police!"
	"Call the police? Don't try to frighten me. I won't buy it." Madam Sue ignored the threat. "A bitch like you deserves to be beaten! One slap isn't enough. You should get more!"
	Madam Sue raised her hand and tried to hit Rose again, but someone grabbed her wrist, which made her scream in pain.
	Rose looked at Bright, who suddenly appeared, "Why are you here?"
	"Should I let others bully you like this?" Bright tightened his eyebrows and he looked fierce.
	"Am I not working on it? But your coming here stops me from showing my skills." Rose gave a slight shrug.
	"Who are you? Let go of me!" Madam Sue felt angry that the man and Rose chatted so freely like they treated her as air.
	Bright looked at Madam Sue in disgust and let go of her hand. And then Madam Sue fell to the ground.
	When the crowd saw Bright, they immediately recognized him.
	And Matthew happened to come and see it. He felt the cold sweat on his back and said, "Mom, what are you doing! Do you know who they are?"
	Bright put his arm around Rose's shoulder possessively and said, "Mr. Sue, I've already called the police. And the police will be here in a minute."
	"Mr. Lee, please spare my mother. She did this because of me, so let me take all the blame for her." Matthew felt very sorry, but he couldn't watch his mother being taken away by the police.
	"I appreciate your filial piety, but everyone should bear the consequences for their own mistakes. If you want to bear it for your mom, I'm afraid you can't afford to!" Bright narrowed his eyes.
	Matthew clenched his teeth said firmly, "Mr. Lee, I'm willing to take whatever the consequences are."
	"Even if it will cost you everything?" Bright said harshly.
Chapter 399 An Unforgettable Birthday Present
	Madam Sue was shocked as she heard that, "No, don't! You can't do that."
	"He can." Matthew said to his mother, "Mom, Ms. Linder is Mr. Lee's wife, and we are just friends, but you have to make things worse. It's too late to make up."
	Madam Sue looked blankly, sinking on the floor in shock. "What... How is that possible?"
	The crowd was shocked too. Rose's husband was not an old man of fifty, nor was he ugly.
	But they had never thought that Bright, the president of HY Group and the descendant of the hundred-year-old Lee family, was Rose's husband!
	Lily was the angriest. She thought she was doing a good job in hooking up with Ethan, but she did not expect that she was far behind Rose.
	She was trying to make Rose look stupid, but she let Rose steal the show.
	"I'm not some old, ugly man. Did I disappoint you?" Bright grinned coldly. The cold look in his eyes made everyone tremble.
	The crowd shook their heads and quickly denied, "No..."
	Rose was amused to see the funny faces of these people.
	Amy also looked down on these people, "Are your tongues bitten off by a cat? You can't even speak clearly."
	Then she said to Bright, "Mr. Lee, I was not saying you're an old man, and I've always been on Ms. Linder's side. I admire Ms. Linder most, so I'm sure the man she chooses must be excellent! Sure enough, Mr. Lee is amazing!"
	Amy gave him a thumbs-up as she said so.
	Rose gave her a shallow smile. "Thank you, Amy."
	"You are welcome. Those people only want to bully you." Amy patted her chest. "But I'll protect you."
	"Amy, right? Thank you." Bright thanked Amy, "I owe you a favor. If you need any help, just let me know."
	"Thank you, Mr. Lee." Amy was so happy.
	Bright's eyes swept over the others, especially Madam Sue, who was sitting on the floor. "For anyone who shows no respect for my wife, I will hold them to account."
	"Mr. Lee, please let my mother go." Matthew begged again.
	But the police were already here. "Mr. Lee, did you call the police?"
	"Yes." Bright nodded. "This lady hit my wife. She's very dangerous. I think you should teach her a good lesson."
	"Yes." The policeman looked at Madam Sue, who was sitting on the ground. "Please come to the police station with us, madam."
	"No. I'm not going anywhere!" Madam Sue refused to go with the police.
	"We're just going through a routine. As long as you can cooperate with us, you can go home," said the policeman.
	"I said I won't go!" Madam Sue refused.
	"Then we have to resort to force."
	Matthew said loudly, "Sir, I am her son. I would like to bear the blame for my mother."
	"You must think twice, Mr. Sue." Bright reminded him.
	"She is my mother, and no matter what mistake she makes, I can't give up on her, so I won't be afraid of any punishment." Matthew was sometimes angry with his mother for what she had done, but on such occasions, he could not bear to see her suffering.
	Shocked to hear her son's words, Madam Sue suddenly felt regret for forcing her son to marry Velina.
	For her own personal gain, she even pushed her son so hard that he didn't want to go home.
	Madam Sue suddenly stood up and said to the policeman, "It's my fault. You have me arrested.
	This has nothing to do with my son."
	"Mom! You are not young anymore. Don't force yourself to bear this. I can't watch you suffer." Matthew pulled his mother toward him. "Don't worry."
	"You can't take the place of your mother, Mr. Sue," The police said.
	"Matthew, I'm sorry. I was wrong. I'm sorry." Madam Sue clutched her son's hand and began to cry. "I should not have spiked your drink and forced you to marry Velina."
	"Mom, forget it. I don't blame you." Matthew wiped the tears from her face.
	"You don't blame me?" Madam Sue's eyes widened in disbelief.
	"You are my Mom. You gave birth to me and raised me up. I really don't blame you." Matthew was relieved.
	"Well, you don't blame me, and I feel ashamed to see you. I deserve it." Madam Sue felt sad and said to the policeman, "Just take me away, Sir."
	When Matthew saw his mother being taken away by the police, he begged Bright for mercy again, "Mr. Lee, Mrs. Lee, please spare my mother. I owe you one favor and I can pay it back!"
	Then Matthew knelt down for his mother, but Rose stopped him in time. "Mr. Sue, it may not be a bad thing for your mother to go to the police station. And the police will act according to the law."
	Matthew looked at Rose, whose eyes were smiling. Matthew didn't say anything more. He believed Rose.
	"Thank you."
	Madam Sue left with the police.
	And Lily, who should be the protagonist of the party, looked a bit embarrassed.
	"Ms. Linder, I'm sorry for misunderstanding you and Mr. Sue, but I just feel sympathy for Madam Sue, and I hope you won't blame me," apologized Lily.
	"Lily, you're the kind of person who jumps on the bandwagon," Amy said sarcastically.
	"I was just misled by Madam Sue's evidence. I didn't mean it," Lily defended herself.
	Matthew adjusted his mood. "Lily, you are fired."
	"Fired? I didn't make any mistake in my work, Mr. Sue, you can't fire me for personal matter," said Lily.
	"The company doesn't need a troublemaker like you!"
	"What a lame reason." Lily took Ethan, who had been silent, and shook him by the arm. "Honey, you have to help me."
	Ethan shook off her hand. "Lily, let's break up."
	He didn't want to offend Matthew for Lily. And he didn't dare to offend Bright and Rose for her!
	He was nobody compared with Bright.
	"What did you say, Ethan?" Lily was dumbstruck and said angrily, "I don't agree!"
	"It's your business if you don't agree. Your business is none of my business." Ethan just wanted to get rid of Lily. "Mr. Lee, Mrs. Lee, Mr. Sue. I am leaving now. Enjoy yourselves."
	With that, Ethan ran away.
	Lily was so angry. Tonight, she not only lost her job, but also got dumped, which was the biggest joke in her life ever.
	"Happy birthday, Miss Stone!" The first time she saw Bright, he gave her a birthday present that she would never forget.
Chapter 400 She Misses Him Even When He's Around
	Bright left with Rose in a cool way. From that day on, no one dared to look down on Rose anymore.
	On the way back, Rose asked Bright, "What brought you here?"
	"I happen have dinner here." Bright looked at her lovingly. "The one who invited me to dinner happened to choose the Club. Miss Stone had such a big party on her birthday that it was hard not to draw attention."
	"That's why I came to see you. I didn't expect Mrs. Lee to be so envied and someone even thought I am an old and ugly man. How could I live with that?"
	"Some people should be taught a good lesson before they learn how to stay low-key. They all know you are Mrs. Lee now. With me around, no one will dare to bully you anymore."
	Bright caught Rose's hand. His eyes fell on her swollen face. "Does it still hurt?"
	"It's much better." Rose shook her head. "I wouldn't have let it happen if I have been alerted. I never thought Mr. Sue's mother would bother me so much."
	"No matter who she is, as long as someone dares to bully you, I won't let them go." Bright clenched her hand and said, "Just admit that you are Mrs. Lee in the future, and see who dared to be so rude."
	"Do you think anyone will believe me if I say so?" Rose thought Bright was too naive.
	"Can a marriage certificate be false?" Bright raised his eyebrows.
	"I can't carry my marriage certificate with me every day and then show it to others to prove my identity." Rose laughed at his foolishness, "You must know that most people in the world want you to be worse off than they are, otherwise how could there be any rumors about me marrying an old and ugly man?"
	"It was because they would not believe that I would be married to Bright. Sometimes people like to deceive themselves. You should know about that."
	Bright understood, "Women's jealousy is scary."
	Men were straightforward.
	"Of course it's scary, otherwise Sophie and I wouldn't have had quarrels and we end up like enemies." Rose wished Sophie was still the sweet little girl who was always pestering her and called her sister, instead of the girl she grew up with an evil mind.
	"It has nothing to do with you. She deserves it and no one is to blame," Bright let out a cold snort.
	Bright had never hated a woman so much in his life. Sophie had always broken his bottom lines, which made him detest her very much.
	She deserved to be in prison. After all, what she did would eventually come back to herself.
	"How long will she be sentenced?" Rose asked him faintly.
	"The sentence for intentional injury is not more than three years and for serious injury is more than three but less than ten years. How long do you want her to be sentenced?" Bright looked at Rose.
	"Just act in accordance with the law." Rose knew that as long as Bright took out more evidence, Sophie would be charged with more crime and got more punishment. "Three years is enough for her to reflect on herself."
	Sophie had kidnapped Rose last time, and she put Bright's life in danger. It was possible that Sophie would be sentenced to 20 years in prison.
	Bright reached over her shoulder and took her in his arms. "You can feel relieved now."
	Rose laid her head on his shoulder and smiled contentedly.
	Back in Asgard Lake Community, Grandpa and Doris had rested.
	Rose took a bath first and lay down in bed. And Bright went to bed too.
	Rose took the initiative to lean over and habitually fell asleep in Bright's arms. The fresh smell of his body after the bath filled the air and refreshed his heart and soul.
	Bright gazed at her closely, "You want it?"
	Rose was embarrassed by his frankness, and her face blushed.
	She wanted to turn over, but he fixed her waist with his wide hand, and did not let her escape.
	He bowed his head and kissed her on the mouth, sniffing her fragrance.
	After a long time, Bright lay down beside Rose, with one hand tightly hugging around her shoulder and kept her in his arms.
	He closed his eyes to rest while she admired his face in the warm light of the lamp. His eyebrows were high and frowning. With his thin lips pressed together and his deep and sharp eyes closed tightly, he looked less fierce.
	She raised her finger and ran it down his nose bridge, then past the thin lips and the chin, and slid it over the sexy Adam's apple.
	This feeling was very wonderful. He was beside her, but she still had him in mind.
	Rose leaned her head against his left shoulder. With her face against his chest and her eyes closed, she heard his heart beating.
	Bright reached for her hand and pulled it down. "Go to sleep."
	Rose smiled. She now was extremely happy and slept in his arms peacefully.
	The next day, Rose went to work. As soon as she arrived at the company, she received a call from the police station, "Is that Miss Rose? Sophie has asked to see you."
	"She wants to see me?" Rose felt surprised, but it was expected. "Yes."
	Rose asked for leave and went to the detention center. When Rose arrived, she also saw Sky. They looked at each other with a smile and greeted each other.
	"What are you doing here?" Sky asked Rose, whom he hadn't seen for a long time.
	"She wants to see me. How about you?" Rose asked him.
	"She asks me to come here." Sky didn't want to see her, but she mentioned Rose, so he had to come.
	But he wouldn't tell Rose that he came here for because of her. He felt relieved to see Rose look rosy and radiant. She must be very happy now.
	When they arrived, Sophie was led out and they sat across the bars.
	Sophie seemed to have aged a lot when she was locked up during this period of time, and she looked gaunt, completely different from the girl who was charming and beautiful before.
	Sophie smiled at Rose and Sky.
	"Sophie, what's up?" Sky was the first to speak and didn't want to waste too much time.
	"I don't want to go to jail," requested Sophie, but she said it with pride.
	"Sophie, you hurt my mother and you deserve it. Even the law doesn't punish you, I will never let you go!" Sky refused.
	"If you leave me alone, I will give you back all your possessions." Sophie took this as a condition. She wanted to be free, and if she was in jail, it was useless to have so much money. She wanted to be free and solve all her difficulties.
Chapter 401 Are You Pitying Me
	So, freedom was more important to Sophie now than money.
	"Money will come and go. My mother is more important to me. Sophie, don't be dreaming." Sky's eyes were cold. "To set you free is to let you hurt others again."
	"Sky, we were a couple. Can you bear to put me into jail?" Sophie's eyes were red.
	"If you really cared about our relationship, you wouldn't have wanted to kill my mother," Sky sneered. "Sophie, don't justify yourself."
	Sophie chuckled. "Sky, you'd rather lose everything than let me go? But what did you get? Does she know what you've done for her?"
	Sophie turned to Rose, with hatred in her eyes.
	"Shut up!" Sky scolded.
	Rose understood that she had something to do with it. "Sophie, get this straight."
	She didn't want to be indebted to Sky without knowing it.
	And she didn't want to owe him any favor.
	"Don't say it," Sky warned Sophie.
	No wonder Sophie would call both Rose and Sky to come here. She knew Sky cared about Rose and did not want Rose to know what he had done for her.
	And he knew Rose didn't want to owe him a favor, so he didn't tell her anything.
	"Then withdraw the lawsuit and let me go." Sophie couldn't even stand being locked up here for a while, let alone several years.
	She did not want to spend her young life in the prison, and didn't want to lose the charm by daily torture and labor.
	"Sky, please don't let her go. She should be punished for what she had done. If you let her go, all the harm May and I have suffered will be in vain, and she almost claimed Bright's life!" Rose didn't want to show sympathy for her, even Sophie was her sister.
	"She showed no mercy when she hurt May, so you cannot hesitate. If you were to let her go, I wouldn't!"
	Sky looked at Rose, and reminded of his mother's and Rose's suffering. He had made up his mind now.
	"Sky, see how ruthless she is. At least I love you, but she has another man in her heart!" Sophie laughed at Sky for being in love with the wrong person.
	Sky was not deviated by Sophie, however.
	"Rose, do you know that the last time when you were kidnapped, Sky signed an agreement to transfer all of his property to me in order to save you? He has lost everything for you, and that is why he and I have been brought together again. But this is like a dream, and it is shattered..." Sophie's eyes were filled with sadness and tears.
	She was in love with Sky so much that she had become crazy and lost everything.
	Rose listened to all this calmly and silently.
	Sky did not say anything more, but said lightly to Rose, "Let's go."
	Rose got up and wanted to leave with Sky. Sophie looked after them and said, "Sky, I never regret what I have done because I love you. I will do it again even if the time travels back."
	"I lost, but I lost not to Rose, but to you. Because you don't love me, everything I do is meaningless. But I still don't regret having been in love with you. Loving you is the happiest thing for me."
	Rose and Sky did not turn back and walked away. They stood outside the detention center for a while.
	"Are you all right?" Rose looked at Sky, who was calm and emotionless.
	What Sophie said had more or less touched Rose. She once again deeply realized how deep Sophie loved Sky.
	"I'm fine." Sky took a deep breath and looked into the distance, "It's not wrong loving someone, but to hurt the people around me in the name of love, that is wrong, and can't be forgiven."
	"Sometimes I was thinking that if you had chosen Sophie, everything would be different now." Rose signed. Wasn't it a perfect thing for everyone to be happy?
	Although everything was calm again now, there was always a trace of regret in the bottom of her heart. How nice it would be if things could be simpler.
	"It's no use crying for spilled milk, Rose, and I don't regret my choice." Sky looked firmed. It was his fault that he didn't cherish Rose.
	Rose signed. "Sky, don't do anything for me anymore. It's not worth it."
	"It's up to me to decide whether it's worth it, just like you decided to do whatever it takes to save me. What's more, human life matters. I made such a choice of my own free will. You don't have to feel burdensome." Sky smiled with ease and indifference, "so I will no longer owe you."
	Rose nodded. "Yes, we get even."
	"Let's go, I'll send you home." Sky came by car, while Rose took a taxi.
	Sky sent Rose back to the company and sent her a blessing before leaving, "Rose, wish you happiness."
	"Thanks, you too." Rose and Sky made friends again.
	After work, Bright came to pick Rose up. She told him that Sky had given up all his property to save her.
	She couldn't get over it all the time, so she had to tell Bright.
	"Leave it to me. I'll ask Sophie to hand it over." Bright held her hand.
	"Thank you." She leaned on his shoulder.
	"You know I don't want you to owe him anymore than you do," Bright said. "I'll protect my woman myself."
	Three days later, Bright made an appointment with Sky in the coffee shop across from the company.
	Sky kept the appointment. Bright was dressed in a hand-made suit, looking every elegant.
	He sat by the window, with the sunlight shining on him, attracting many people's attention.
	Sky walked over, sat down and ordered a cup of coffee, "Why does Mr. Lee ask me out?"
	Bright put a brown paper bag on the table and pushed it toward Sky.
	Sky opened the brown paper bag, took out the information inside, and found that they were the property transfer agreements that he had to signed in order to save Rose, including the shares of the Tanner Group.
	He didn't care about anything else, but he did want the shares of the Tanner Group back. It was about the Tanner Group, so he couldn't ignore it.
	But he didn't expect Bright to act so fast. He didn't want to take back his own things via Bright, for that would make him seem too incompetent.
	"What does Mr. Lee mean?" Sky put the agreements back in the file. "Are you pitying me?"
Chapter 402 It's a Luck to Meet You
	Sky put the file on the desk, looking at Bright.
	"I don't need it." Sky decisively refused, "If there is nothing else, I have to go now."
	Sky buttoned his suit jacket as he got up to leave.
	"Mr. Tanner, I haven't finished my talk yet. You can leave when I finished what I said." Bright looked at Sky, emitting strong aura.
	"Money doesn't mean much to me anymore." Sky turned to look at Bright. "I owe Rose my life. What does it matter if I lose some money? Mr. Lee shouldn't have been worried so much. I didn't need it."
	Bright nodded and smiled, "Yes, money comes and goes, but in addition to money, there's a 20 percent stake of the Tanner Group."
	"With 25 percent of your father's shares and 5 percent of your mother's shares, the Tanner family owns 50 percent stake of the Tanner Group. But if I want to do something with the 20 percent stake of the Tanner Group, I'm afraid the Tanner Group can't afford it, by then Mr. Tanner will be a sinner forever."
	This was a threat!
	Sky tightened his eyebrows. Indeed, what he cared about most was these shares, and it must not fall into the hands of others. Otherwise, he would be the sinner of the Tanner family.
	"Mr. Lee won't be so immoral." Hitting a person when he was down was what Bright disdained.
	"That depends on the circumstances and whom I'll do it for." Bright took a sip of coffee. "If it's for Rose, I don't even have integrity, let alone immorality."
	Sky clenched his hand and stayed calm.
	"I do not have any thoughts about Mrs. Lee, and I sincerely wish her happy," Sky said firmly.
	"If Mr. Tanner is so sincere, then be more sincere." Bright took out a red wedding invitation and showed it to Sky.
	"Rose and I are getting married recently. I don't want her to feel any pressure. If Mr. Tanner is still Rose's friend, you should not have refused my offer. And this is the best wedding gift Mr. Tanner can give her."
	Sky's pupil shrunk, closely staring at the red invitation.
	"It's up to you, Mr. Tanner, whether to accept this invitation and this wedding invitation." Bright put the invitation on the table, took one more sip of the coffee.
	And then he stood up, gently buttoned his suit, and left past by Sky.
	Sky stood on spot with his eyes staring at the invitation. He did not blink until his eyes felt pricked.
	He did not know why he still felt painful and was reluctant to accept the fact.
	He knew that Rose and Bright were husband and wife, and the wedding was just a ritual. The grand wedding was about to be held by Bright and the Lee family to admit and announce to the world that Rose had been a member of the Lee family.
	It was the best respect for her, and it was the happiness he wanted Rose to have.
	But how good it would be if only he could be the one to make her happy.
	Sky lifted his legs, walked to the table, and picked up the invitation. It was Chinese style, graceful and tasty. Sky opened it, and found there was a circular wedding photo inside. Bright and Rose in the Chinese style dress, smiled lovingly. Anyone could deeply feel that they were immersed in happiness.
	It also contained the date and place of the wedding, who was invited, and so on.
	Sky looked at the wedding photo, fingered Rose's face gently and smiled, "Rose, so nice to see you happy."
	He was not qualified to give her happiness in this life, so he would give her blessings.
	Sky closed the invitation, picked up the file on the desk, and turned to leave.
	If it was something he could do for her, he would accept it.
	Sky returned to his car, and he couldn't calm himself down.
	He sat in the car for a long time, trying to calm himself down.
	After a while, Rose gave him a phone call. He hesitated for two seconds and then answered.
	"Sky, this is Rose," Rose said.
	"Yes, what's up?" They didn't need to beat around the bush.
	"Sky, live more for yourself in the future. We've gotten even. Don't think you still owe me. I volunteered to save you at that time, so don't feel any burdensome, and don't let it get in the way of your life."
	"I don't regret saving you because it was only through misfortune that I met Bright, so I want to thank you. Sky, I always hope you can be happy. If you believe in love, you will get it." Rose just didn't want to Sky to be trapped in the past.
	He shouldn't be stuck in a relationship that was long gone. He should live a happier and freer life.
	"Rose, I took what Mr. Lee gave me. Of course, I'm not doing it all for you. After all, it has 20 percent of the Tanner Group's shares, and I have my own selfish motives. You may rest assured. I know what is more important."
	Sky also did not want Rose to have any burden and pressure, "Rose, I will come to your wedding. Just feel free be the most beautiful bride."
	"Thank you, Sky."
	"Thank you, Rose."
	What they thought and what they said were hidden in the gratitude. Only they knew how precious this relationship was.
	Rose's eyes were a little moist and she felt touched.
	"What? Do you feel sad for your past?" A paper towel was handed to Rose.
	Rose took the paper towel and looked at the jealous man with red eyes. "Yes. What can you do to it?"
	"I won't let you go anyway. Since you are married to me, you're mine, heart and soul," Bright said possessively.
	"I won't go even if you let me go." Rose leaned over and put her arms around his neck. "Bright, don't ever think of dumping me in your life. Bright, how could I have met such a nice man like you if it weren't for Sky? Thank God for giving me the chance of meeting you."
	Bright smiled, feeling pleased at what Rose said.
	Rose went to kiss him.
	Bright grabbed the back of her head and kissed her back deeply.
	She leaned against his chest and gasped, her voice hoarse.
	"Bright, I love you."
Chapter 403 Marry for Life
	With the sunny weather, the wedding day of Bright and Rose finally came.
	The wedding took place on Ginkgo Island in City J.
	The Ginkgo International Resort on the island, developed by HY Group, was booked on that day. Except for invited guests and staff, no outsiders were allowed to enter, which protected the privacy of the wedding.
	The wedding was designed by the world's top wedding planning team and florist team.
	The wedding was very unique. It was held against the backdrop of azure sky and blue sea. The platform was built with two pieces of transparent heart-shaped glass and white rose and purple flowers, which represented pure love. The romantic design of the wedding gave people aesthetic feelings.
	With the white silk curtains and flowers blowing in the wind, and the sky and the sea seemed to be connected together, it made the wedding look fresh and elegant and beautiful.
	Nora was the master of ceremony, but she was working with a professional host. She had worked hard to prepare for it for a long time, just to give her friend a perfect wedding.
	Standing in the sea of flowers, Bright looked at Rose, who was holding her grandfather's arm, slowly walking towards him with deep feeling.
	Rose was wearing an off-shouldered wedding dress embellished with lace and diamonds and a long wedding veil. The jewelry crown worn by the French royal family sparkled under the sunlight.
	Her beauty eclipsed all the women present. She was like the noble princess in the fairy tale.
	She smiled, with happiness written all over her face.
	She looked at Bright, who was waiting for her, and step by step, she approached her prince slowly.
	Grandfather brought Rose to Bright and put Rose's hand in Bright's hand with a smile of joy.
	Grandpa held their hands tightly together and said, "Bright, I now give Rose to you. You must take good care of her and love each other."
	"Grandpa, I will. I swear I will make her happy every day as long as I am with her," Bright assured Grandpa.
	"I believe you." Grandpa patted their hands again, feeling satisfied. "This is your good day. And I feel happy for you."
	"Grandpa," Rose looked at her grandfather, her eyes red.
	"Good girl, don't cry today," Grandpa laughed. "Smile, then every day in the rest of your life will be sweet."
	Rose nodded heavily, pushing back the tears.
	It was supposed to be Chandler, Rose's father, to hand his daughter to Bright, but Rose wanted her grandfather to take her to Bright. Bright understood her mind, so he had a talk with Chandler.
	Of course, Bright was a reasonable one. Chandler could only agree even though he didn't want to.
	Bright was the son-in-law of the Linder family, but the Lee family was much more powerful than the Linder family, so if Chandler wanted to rely on the Lee family, he had to listen to Bright's decision.
	But Bright gave Chandler the chance to give Rose to Grandpa at the platform.
	Grandpa did not agree at first, thinking that it was not appropriate, but Bright said it was Rose's wish. And Chandler also agreed with Bright, so Grandpa was convinced.
	Rose was surprised when she came to the platform and saw her grandfather standing there waiting for her.
	At that moment, she knew that Bright not only loved her but also understood her. He could do what she wanted without her asking.
	She didn't feel any regret now. Grandpa could rest assured after he saw Rose get married finally.
	Bright then exchanged wedding rings with Rose. Jane and Harry, who were the bridesmaids, presented the rings to the couple.
	They carefully placed the diamond ring on each other's ring finger.
	The wedding rings were custom-made, with the acronyms of their names engraved on the rings.
	That was a token of their love.
	In the wind, in the fragrance of flowers, and in everyone's blessing, Bright lifted Rose's veil and gave her a deep kiss.
	Against the sky and sea, the couple was in the limelight.
	It was the wedding that every girl wanted to have.
	Bright was an ideal husband and everyone envied Rose.
	At the end of the wedding, the unmarried men and women gathered around the platform, hoping to be lucky enough to get the bouquet from the bride, and to share Rose's good fortune, and to marry a perfect husband like Bright.
	"Three, two, one..."
	Nora counted to one, and Rose threw her bouquet back as hard as she could.
	The white rose ball made a perfect parabola in the air before falling into the crowd.
	"Which gentleman or lady has snatched our bride's bouquet? Please step forward to the stage." Nora scanned the crowd, looking for the lucky one.
	Someone was pushed to the front, and Nora could see that it was Sky.
	"Welcome Mr. Tanner to the stage," Nora smiled.
	Sky had no intention to get in the game, but his mother let him try it, so he just stood in the corner. But he did not expect to get the bouquet.
	Instinctively, he caught the bouquet and was about to give it to anyone who wanted to get it, but unexpectedly, he was pushed to front.
	So, he had to go on stage and stood beside Nora.
	"Does Mr. Tanner have anything to say to the bride and the bridegroom?" Nora held the microphone to Sky.
	Sky looked at Rose and Bright standing beside Nora. Hands in hands, they held each other tightly and looked like a perfect match.
	"First of all, I wish the couple happy forever. It is a great honor to get this bouquet, which bears blessings, happiness and wish," said Sky sincerely, looking at the bouquet in his hand.
	"So does Mr. Tanner have a girlfriend?" Nora continued.
	"I will find a girlfriend as soon as possible, and I will strive to be the next one to walk down the aisle," Sky humorously made fun of himself.
	"Mr. Tanner, you don't have a girlfriend. I don't have a boyfriend. Why don't we get together?" Suddenly a few girls below the stage shouted at Sky.
	"Mr. Tanner, I'm single, too. How about we getting together?"
	"Mr. Tanner, I don't have a boyfriend either."
	"Mr. Tanner, and me."
	More girls joined the fray. Everyone was watching the show with interest.
Chapter 404: 404 The Rose
	Sky just wanted to take this occasion to show Bright that he had moved on and started a new life, but he didn't really want to get married again.
	After all, the last relationship and marriage had taken too much out of him, and he just wanted to enjoy his own life.
	He had no idea that so many girls would be so bold and straightforward to show their affections to him on such an occasion.
	He seemed to have set himself a difficult problem, and he did not know what to do.
	"Mr. Tanner, it looks like you have many pursuers," said Nora, looking at the young girls. "You're all so pretty. It's hard for Mr. Tanner to make a choice, isn't it?"
	Sky nodded, "It's really hard to choose one. Every girl is so excellent and beautiful, and they all deserve better men."
	He could only politely decline the girls, and tried not to make the girls feel embarrassed.
	Sky looked at Nora, begging for help. He could not cope with such a situation
	"So, do Mr. Tanner think you are not good enough for these nice girls?"
	Although Nora had a grudge against Sky for hurting Rose, they had known each other since childhood and had a good relationship with each other before. Since he had chosen to move, she did not want to embarrass him, but she did not want to let him go so easily.
	"Yes, I don't deserve these girls," Sky cooperated with Nora and demeaned himself in order to appease Nora.
	"Girls, you heard Mr. Tanner. I also think you should take a look at the good men around you." Seeing that Sky was cooperative, she did not embarrass him anymore.
	"Well, we wish all lovers can get together." The host took the words and smoothed the embarrassment over.
	A girl with short hair stepped onto the stage. "Mr. Tanner," she said. "What's so hard to choose? I was the first to confess my love to you. Fist come first, first serve. You should choose me, of course."
	Wearing a black vest and plaid overalls, the girl had short hair dyed with linen brown. She looked sweet but a bit cool.
	She walked up to Sky and held out her hand. "Nice to meet you, Mr. Tanner, I'm Susan Marsh."
	Who was this girl?
	All eyes turned to the girl with curiosity.
	Sky was also curious about this cool girl, "Nice to meet you, I am Sky."
	"Mr. Tanner, I have long known you," Susan raised her lips and smiled sweetly.
	Sky was surprised again and had no impression on the girl, "We know each other?"
	"I know you, but I don't think Mr. Tanner remembers me." Susan raised her eyebrows, but didn't feel dissatisfied. "But it's wonderful to meet you again on an occasion like this."
	"Don't you really give it a second thought? We are both single, and we can start a romantic relationship. Do you want to have a try?"
	Susan stretched her hand to Sky for the bouquet.
	Sky was a bit shocked by the girl's boldness, and he was a bit fluttered.
	"Did I frighten you? Actually, we can start by being friends." Susan could feel Sky was a bit resistant to her, so she chose a less aggressive way.
	"If you don't speak, I would think you agree," said Susan. "Then Mr. Tanner, give this bouquet to me as a gift."
	Sky put the bouquet to Susan. She took it over and sniffed it. It was very scented.
	"Thank you. Goodbye." Susan turned to go, feeling satisfied.
	"Miss Marsh..." Sky wanted to stay here.
	Susan looked back and gave Sky a mischievous wink. "Mr. Tanner, we'll meet again. Don't miss me too much."
	Susan came and left smartly, not caring how others would think of her.
	Nora looked at Susan and then looked at Sky, who was frightened. She said quietly, "Actually, Sky, the girl is pretty good. Why don't you give her a chance?"
	"You have filed for divorce. In Sophie's current situation, the court will definitely agree to divorce. Don't hesitate too much. Chances never wait for anyone. I think this girl can cure you."
	"Nora, I think it's fine to live alone. Relationships are not the focus of my life anymore." Sky appreciated Nora's kindness, but he was not ready to be in love again.
	He needed time to heal his heart, and he needed to find himself back.
	The episode was just a game. He would not take it to heart.
	The next show was the wedding performance. On the stage placed a white piano, with a handsome young man sitting beside it.
	He was playing a beautiful song, and then he sang the song The Rose, written by Westlife.
	This was a classic love song and was perfect for a wedding.
	"Some say love, it is a hunger, an end less aching need."
	"I say love, it is a flower, and you it's only seed."
	"And you think that love is only, For the lucky and the strong."
	This song had touched a lot of people, making them yearn for beautiful love.
	The handsome young man was so absorbed in singing that it touched everyone present deeply.
	"Brother Dougie," Doris looked at the young man happily.
	Wearing a snow-white princess dress and a wreath on her head, Doris looked as beautiful as an angel.
	Dougie was invited by Bright, who wanted to give Doris a surprise.
	Sure enough, when Dougie played the piano and sang the song, Doris's eyes lit up and she immediately became Dougie's fan.
	She the necklace that Dougie had given her tightly.
	Dougie was the only star invited and the only guest who performed.
Chapter 405 Good Things Should Come in Pairs
	After the song, Doris came forward with a bunch of white roses and gave them to Dougie. "Brother Dougie, I'm so glad to see you."
	"Me too, it is such an honor and a pleasure to attend your parents' wedding and see you again." Dougie squatted down and stroked Doris's hair with a warm smile on his face.
	Dougie took the bouquet and led Doris to Bright and Rose. "Mr. Lee and Mrs. Lee, I wish you a happy marriage. Congratulations."
	"Thank you, Dougie." Bright patted Dougie on the shoulder, "The most wonderful gift is that you could come. Here, take a picture together."
	Bright and Rose took a group photo with their relatives and friends, leaving the happy moment.
	The wedding was held in the resort's hotel ballroom. Due to the limited space, not everyone was invited to the wedding.
	Bright and Rose changed into Chinese gown and cheongsam and then toasted the guests.
	Harry, the best man, and Jane, the maid of honor, had been following them.
	Harry had to drank for Bright from time to time. Otherwise, Bright would get drunk.
	But Lina, who never liked Rose, raised a drink to her and said, "Ms. Linder."
	"Lina, Rose and I have been married and the wedding is being held. She is Mrs. Lee now. If you see me as 'Brother Bright', you should call her 'sister-in-law' instead." Bright was so protective of his wife that he didn't allow Lina to be so presumptuous.
	If Lina called Rose "sister-in-law," then Bright would see her as sister.
	But if she did not call Rose 'sister-in-law', he did not have to show mercy to her and he would not mind whether they would be strangers or enemies in the future.
	Lina looked at Bright's sharp eyes and knew what he meant.
	Although she was unwilling to do this, she could only agree.
	She knew that as long as she could stay beside Bright, she would have chances.
	"Well, congratulate to my sister-in-law," Lina smiled. "From now on, Brother Bright will be taken care of by my sister-in-law."
	"Bright is my husband and it is my duty to take care of him, so I will do it without you telling me." Rose stayed calm in the face of Lina's provocation and made good use of her identity.
	Although Lina was still wearing a smile, she felt a little embarrassed.
	Rose fought a victory fight.
	Lina drank the wine in one gulp and said, "Cheers!"
	Bright knew that Lina was making things difficult for Rose, so he naturally wanted to protect her.
	He took the glass from Rose and said, "I'll drink this for her."
	"Brother Bright, this one is to toast Rose. Don't worry, I'll toast you in a while." Lina stopped Bright from taking Rose's drink.
	"Lina, we only have a daughter, Doris, and we want to give her a brother so that she won't feel lonely." Bright glanced over Rose's flat stomach as he said this. His implication was self-evident.
	Rose's cheeks reddened a little, but she said nothing.
	For this reason, Lina no longer stopped Bright from drinking for Rose.
	Then Harry took the glass from Bright and drank it quickly. "Since you're going to have a baby, you should drink less and take care of yourself."
	Lina looked sullen and she couldn't smile.
	At the wedding, half of the wine went into Bright's stomach and the other half went into Harry's. Jane had helped takes Rose drink some red wine. Fortunately, she could handle it.
	After the wedding, Bright was a bit drunk and was taken back by Harry and David to their wedding house —— a villa by the sea.
	After everyone left, only Rose and Bright were left.
	Rose looked at Bright, who was lying on the bed with his eyes closed. She knew he must be uncomfortable for drinking too much.
	She went to get some honey water for Bright, then helped him up to let him drink it.
	Unexpectedly, he accidentally knocked over the honey water and wet the clothes.
	Rose quickly fetched a towel to wipe it off and tried to undo the buttons of Bright's gown. The buttons were designed complicatedly and it took her a while to undo them all.
	Because of years of bodybuilding, Bright was in such good shape that even Rose felt him sexy and charming.
	Rose went back to fetch warm water to wipe his face. "Is it better?"
	Bright nodded. As Rose was about to get up, he grabbed her by the wrist and pulled her to the bed.
	He looked down at her, and she looked back at him with her eyes opened. Her long eyelashes fluttered, making Bright felt she was shy.
	Bright ran his fingers across her forehead and touched her bun. He pulled off the ruby-studded hairpin, and her long hair hung down on the red pillow.
	"You know what? I've been waiting for this day for a long time." Bright stroked her delicate face with the back of his hand, and looked at her lovingly.
	Rose smiled slightly, wrapping her slender arms around his neck. "Congratulations, Mr. Lee, your wish has come true," smiled Rose.
	"Thank you." The smile in Bright's eyes mirrored hers. "Good things should come in pairs. What is said at the wedding should come true."
	Rose's eyes widened. It must be about having another child.
	But before she could think and refuse, Bright had already held her face and kissed her deeply.
	Rose instinctively closed her eyes and enjoyed the beautiful wedding kiss.
	He was a good kisser, and every time she would be lost in his kissing. This time was no exception.
	They had had sexes countless times, but this time was different from all the others.
	It was their wedding night, and they were more enthusiastic and engrossed in intimacy.
	Outside the room, the sound of waves and the fireworks cheered up the atmosphere.
	Bright also had the wedding fireworks specially designed and customized.
	The first firework burst into the sky, and it showed Bright's deep love for Rose.
	Nora sat on a rock by the sea and watched the fireworks set off in the sky, which lit up both the sky and her face.
	When she and Alan got married, they also had a grand wedding, but it was more a ritual than love.
Chapter 406 She Is Missing That Man
	It was really lucky for people to be able to spend their lives with someone they loved.
	So, at this moment, she missed so much that man who loved her and was loved by her.
	Nora sat there. Waves lapped at her feet. The sea breeze blew up her long wavy hair in the wind. Wearing the red dress, she looked like the red rose in full bloom.
	She turned her head inadvertently and was surprised to see a figure standing in the darkness. While the fireworks rose, it shone his distinctly chiseled face.
	The man seemed to notice her and turned his head, meeting her eyes.
	Nora looked at him and smiled, realizing that tears streamed down her face and was dried instantly by the sea breeze.
	This man could always upset her.
	She should have known well that this man was not Oscar. But she always regarded them as one person, as if this could make her feel better and feel that Oscar was still alive in this world.
	If he was really alive, even if he did not recognize her, it was good. Anyway, it was better than that he lost his life for her.
	"Is Mr. Oca alone? Where is Hazel?" Nora took the initiative to have a chat with him.
	"She's gone to play cards with her friends." Oca seemed unaffected by what had happened before, and still responded.
	"Why don't you go and come here alone to blow the sea breeze?" Nora stepped down from the boulder and approached Oca.
	He was as straight as a pine, great and tall.
	"I don't like too much noise." Oca's hands were in his trouser pockets. The sea breeze blew his shirt and the corners of his suit.
	Oca needn't have been invited as he and Bright were not friends or something. Because of the Way family and Nora's friendship with Rose, Hazel asked Nora for an extra invitation for Oca to attend the wedding.
	Besides, if Oca wanted to develop his business in City Z, he would have to cooperate with Bright despite himself, the great businessman. So, attending the wedding was a chance for him to have a preliminary acquaintance with Bright and impress him.
	"He likes to be quiet too." Nora stood beside him, looking into the darkness.
	When she was with Oscar, they always stayed together.
	Oscar would play the piano while she listened intently or learned it from him.
	Sometimes he would sit in the couch and read a book while she would lie on his lap and watch him.
	He also cooked, while she could do nothing. So, she watched him do it, or help him. Every time she ate his cooking, she felt extremely happy and contented.
	He was a gentle and tolerant man, giving her love and a warm life.
	She loved him more than everyone and everything.
	"What?" Oca did not hear it clearly.
	"Can you play the piano?" Nora suddenly said.
	"I only have share and data statements in my world..." So he could not play the piano.
	Sure enough he was not Oscar. Their characters and temperaments were different.
	Oscar was as gentle as a gentleman, while Oca was as cold as a king.
	"Is it interesting to be a workaholic?" Nora thought there was no fun in such a life.
	"At least it proves I'm worth something." Oca turned to look at her. His eyes were as dark as the night, "This is a world that strong animals will prey upon weak ones. If you don't work hard to improve your value, you will be replaced by others and become a mediocre person one day. What is the meaning of such a life?"
	"Ms. Nora has been a lady in a rich family since you were born. When you were an adult, you married into the Way family. You have a good life which is the envy of others. How do you know the hardships of the world?"
	Nora looked at him in a daze and felt that Oca was extraordinarily cold and solemn now.
	"You're also the son of the president of G.S. Group in Country M. You even have a better background than 80 percent of the people in this world." Nora didn't like what he said about her, "You wouldn't understand what I've really been through."
	"Then why don't you tell me?" Oca smiled with interest.
	"Why should I tell you?" Nora glanced at him lightly, "You may say I'm complaining."
	"Is it about the man who looks like me?" After these few contacts with Nora, Oca could guess it.
	Nora frowned. What a clever man!
	"Don't be surprised. Only when I mention that man, you will be in a mess and weird." Oca said with light irony.
	"Am I weird?" Nora withdrew her gaze, "Because you look so much like him. So I was surprised when I saw you."
	"Am I that scary?" it was as if she had seen a ghost.
	"He's dead while you're a living person. Naturally, it shocked me." Nora seemed to be easy but said it with a heavy heart.
	When she first saw Oca, she was really surprised, then shocked, and finally disappointed.
	Even though they looked alike, they were not the same person after all.
	Oscar's eyes were dark, while Oca's were black tinged with brown.
	Oca then smiled coldly, "I see."
	"He means a lot to me." 'So I could never forget him in my life,' Nora added inside.
	Then she added, "Would you like to walk together?"
	Nora didn't wait for his answer before she walked on the beach alone, carrying her high heels.
	Oca did not follow her, but just watched her back. Wearing a red dress, she was very eye-catching in the dark night and was as charming as a flame.
	She walked away and finally completely disappeared in the darkness of the night.
	"I've been looking all over for you. So you are here. I have called you, but no one answered." Hazel, who suddenly appeared made Oca withdraw his gaze and turn to her, "I just want to go out for a breath. I put my phone on mute."
	Hazel gently took Oca's arm, "What were you looking at so seriously just now?"
	"Nothing." Oca shook his head, "Why aren't you playing with your friends?"
	"They are playing Truth or Dare. They always choose Dare. I'm such a good girl and can only drink." Hazel was soft. She was just a childish girl in love in front of Oca, "Besides, I wanted to keep you company."
	Oca did smell the alcohol on her, "You're drunk. I will help you back to rest."
	Hazel, however, tightened her grip on his arm, "I want to stay with you here for a while."
	She leaned on his shoulder. They stood on the beach, enjoying the salty sea breeze which touched them gently....
	Hazel suddenly stood across from Oca. She stared at Oca's deep eyes with her almond-Iike eyes, and lifted her finger to rub his perfect chin, "Oca, you know what? I knew you were the right man I was looking for the first time I saw you."
	Hazel said and stood on tiptoe, put her hands around his shoulders, and approached him....
	Just as she was about to kiss him, they were interrupted by a voice.
Chapter 407 Every Couple Has Their Fights
	"Hazel."
	As Nora came back, she saw Hazel trying to kiss Oca. She should have avoided it. But she couldn't move her feet as if they were rooted.
	She didn't want to see someone else kiss that face which was the same as she remembered.
	At the same time, there was a voice screaming in her mind, "Don't kiss him!"
	Instinctively, she called out to Hazel, interrupting them.
	"Hey, Nora." Hazel was upset. But they were family after all. So, she couldn't get angry.
	Hazel stood up and held Oca's arm instead, showing how close they were.
	"Hazel and Mr. Oca are so close. It is enviable." Nora smiled as she approached, her glistening white bare feet looking extra white in the darkness.
	Hazel smiled shyly, "Actually, I envy your relationship with Alan even more. He told Mom and Dad that he just wanted to enjoy the married life with you. So, he didn't want to have children now. It was all because of him, not about you. So, he hoped Mom and Dad wouldn't give you a hard time. Look, how much he loves you."
	Nora was shocked, not expecting Alan to say such a reason.
	Indeed, they would pretend to be a loving couple in public. So, people always thought that they were in a good relationship.
	"Really?" Nora kept smiling.
	"Of course I don't believe him. He was just trying to make excuses for having fun a few more years." Nora agreed with Hazel's words from the bottom of her heart.
	"It seems you know him well, Hazel." Nora raised her hand and pushed the hair on her face behind her ears. She looked charming while doing this.
	"I do know him well. Although he is playful, I know that his feeling for you is true." Hazel looked at Nora with a serious gaze.
	Nora was a little guilty from her gaze and looked away, "Hazel, don't make fun of me. I'd better go away, so that I won't disturb you and Mr. Oca."
	"Come on." Hazel was a little embarrassed, "Alan was looking for you just now. He said he couldn't get through to your number."
	"I left my phone in my room." Nora felt it was inconvenient. So, she didn't take her cell phone, "I'll go back first."
	"It's getting late. I'll send you back to rest." Oca, who had been silent, spoke.
	In this way, they went together to the villa. All the way, it was very flowery and colorful.
	Just before they reached the gate of the courtyard, Alan rushed over and grabbed Nora's hand, "Where have you been? I've been looking for you, and almost gone to ask Rose."
	If today were not Rose and Bright's wedding, he would have risked offending Bright and done it.
	"I will not get lost." Nora pulled her hand back from Alan's.
	"I am worried about you." Alan was still a little anxious.
	"I said I'm an adult. Your worries are just superfluous." Nora crossed Alan and walked forward.
	Alan froze because of Nora's casual attitude. He frowned, "What's wrong with you? Is it my fault to be worried about you?"
	"Hazel, Mr. Oca, I'm tired and will go rest first." Nora said goodbye to Oca and Hazel, then pushed open the door of the villa and went in.
	Alan watched Nora leave him here and leave alone. What was more, he had been anxious because he could not find her anywhere just now. Now, these feelings surged and made him upset and angry.
	"Hazel, look at her! She's cold!" Alan held back his anger and could only complain to Hazel, "Do I deserve this?"
	"She's just taking a walk on the beach. It's not convenient to take the phone. Besides, you just focused on playing cards and ignored her. Women always have their tempers. Hurry to coax her."
	As a woman, Hazel understood and thought Nora was angry at being ignored by Alan, "Every couple has their fights."
	After saying that, she looked at Alan and smiled ambiguously. The meaning was obvious.
	Alan naturally understood what Hazel meant. He blushed a little, but it wasn't too obvious in the warm streetlight.
	"Hazel!" Alan called out to her in a low voice.
	"What? You've been married for five years. Are you still so shy?" Hazel didn't expect her silly brother to be so shy, "Well, it's useless for you to call me here. Hurry back to coax your wife, or she may not let you sleep with her tonight."
	"Hazel, don't tease me." Alan said to Oca, "Mr. Oca, you should control Hazel."
	Then Alan hurried away.
	Hazel looked at Alan and couldn't help but shake her head, "Alan seems to fall in love with Nora. He will be the one who suffers in the future."
	"Let's go." Oca did not make any comments and just urged Hazel to leave.
	Hazel followed Oca, "Oca, I didn't mean anything by what I just said. I'll listen to you and won't anger you."
	Hazel's room was next to Alan's, and Oca's was opposite hers.
	Oca walked with her to the door, "Well, get some rest."
	"Would you like to come in and rest? We can have a talk." Hazel invited Oca, "I also brought some new coffee beans. There's a coffee machine here. I'll make some coffee and we'll have it together."
	"Thank you. But I'm a little tired today and want to rest. Let's try it next time. Good thing needs no bush." Oca politely refused, "Good night. I'll see you go in the house."
	Hazel swiped the card and opened the door. She reached out, held her hand on the door, and pushed it open. But she hesitated and did not want to go in so quickly.
	However, Oca had turned to leave. The next second, Hazel wrapped her arms around his waist from behind.
	She pressed her face against his strong back. Her voice was a little muffled, "Oca, I... want you to stay with me. I don't want to live alone. I'm a little scared."
	Oca looked down at Hazel's hand on his waist. He reached out to gently pull it away, then turned to face her, "When did you become so timid? I remember you are always very bold."
	"I used to be very bold. But I've been timid since I met you." Hazel acted like a spoiled child. Her voice was so soft that it could soften men.
	Besides, she was so beautiful. How could a normal man resist her charm?
	Oca's eyes were always clear and calm, "I have work to do. There's a video conference at the head office in Country M in an hour, and I have to attend."
	But Hazel didn't let go of Oca's hand, smiling brightly, "Why don't you spend half an hour with me? I promise to be good and let you go to work after half an hour."
	Faced with such a lovely beauty, who would refuse her?
	Oca was also helpless.
Chapter 408 Why Don't We Be a Real Couple?
	Oca did not soften. He insisted on his own way and ideas.
	"Hazel, you know I am always strict about my work. I will do everything well before I work. And I can't bring my assistant to the wedding this time. So, I need to do everything by myself. I have to get ready for the meeting in this hour, you know." Hearing "you know" from Oca, Hazel had to restrain her temper.
	"I know. I'm just trying to get some more time with you. Since you don't have time, I won't force you." Hazel knew what Oca's bottom line was. So, she could only give in, "Since you don't have anyone to help you, why don't I help you with the preparation for the meeting?"
	"I think what you need most right now is to get some rest." Oca put his hands on her shoulders, "I can do these things myself."
	"Okay then. You owe me one. Next time, you have to spend twice as much time with me." There were reluctance and tenderness in Hazel's eyes. She instructed him, "But don't work too hard, or I will feel distressed. Call me if you need anything. I'm at your disposal."
	In fact, he didn't want to have a meeting so late. After all, there was a time difference between Country M and Country Z.
	So, when he stayed in Country Z, he needed to work harder than usual.
	"Okay." Oca nodded and agreed, "Then go in."
	When Oca was unprepared, Hazel took advantage and suddenly approached him and kissed him on his cheek. Then, she quickly turned around and left.
	Oca stood there and looked at the door she had hastily closed with dark eyes.
	Oca returned to his room. He first went to the bathroom to wash his face and then dried it off.
	He stared at himself in the mirror as he wiped his face, his eyes getting colder.
	It was obvious that Hazel loved him. He knew all about her wanting the relationship to go further. But he didn't like too much intimacy with her.
	He didn't know why he resisted.
	In fact, Hazel's family background, looks, and abilities matched him perfectly. They were a good match.
	Hazel's family was also well-known and influential in Country Z. If he wanted to develop his career in Country Z. he could reach his expected goal faster through the influence of the Way family.
	He also felt that they should be the best match.
	That was why he agreed to go out with Hazel. He just thought they were suitable, not considering his personal feelings.
	And he didn't think personal feelings were important to him.
	Oca turned and walked out of the bathroom and began to make preparations for the meeting.
	Such a quiet night was his favorite. He could be free of distractions.
	On the other hand, Alan chased Nora into the door. Nora ignored him and went in the direction of the second floor.
	Seeing that Nora was ignoring him, Alan stepped forward and grabbed her hand.
	Nora looked back at Alan's hand clasping her wrist and frowned. She tried to shake his hand, but failed, "Let go."
	"What's wrong with you today? What happened?" Alan did not let go. Instead, he held her tighter, "I just care about you. You do not need to talk like that, do you?"
	Nora didn't know why she was particularly irritated and unable to calm down.
	"I don't want to argue with you." Nora took a deep breath and tried to calm herself down.
	"Me too." Alan thought the same as her, "Nora, why can't we just calm down if we have something to say?"
	Nora was silent, not answering.
	"I know you're an adult. But you're my wife. As your husband, I have an obligation to care about you." Alan made his identity and attitude clear.
	But Nora retorted, "Alan, we are just a fake couple. There is no one else here. You don't have to pretend it. Let go of me. I'm going to bed."
	"You want to go to bed? Okay." Alan said and picked Nora up.
	Nora was startled by his sudden action and instinctively wrapped her arms around Alan's neck, "Put me down."
	"You must be tired after such a long walk along the beach. I'll carry you up to bed." Alan headed upstairs to the bedroom.
	He didn't leave until he put Nora on the big soft bed. Instead, he grabbed her fingers with both hands and pressed her down, looking directly into Nora's eyes from above.
	They were so close that they could see each other's eyelashes clearly.
	"Alan..." Nora felt that there was something wrong with Alan today. But she couldn't say it clearly.
	For example, the way he looked at her seemed different, and the way he spoke was different. He even broke the distance between them... In short, something was wrong.
	Alan had never been so close to her as he was today, which had exceeded the distance they should have kept.
	Alan only smiled, lowered his head, and lightly sniffed the fragrance of her skin on the neck, enjoying her smell.
	Nora, however, twisted her head, trying to move away from Alan, but could not avoid him.
	"Alan, you... what do you want?" Nora was so nervous that she stammered. She even looked down on herself.
	"Didn't you say we were a fake couple? Why don't we be a real couple tonight? We can enjoy our wedding night we should have enjoyed five years ago. You can also have a good night like your best friend on the same day."
	Alan smiled more softly. He stared straight at Nora. It seemed to be a request, or a desire.
	Hearing this, Nora widened her beautiful almond-like eyes and was surprised that Alan would say such a thing.
	Did he not know the consequences of saying such a thing?
	How could they get along in the future?
	"Alan, do you know what you are saying? Are you drunk?" Nora frowned and questioned him in a serious tone.
	Alan answered her seriously, "I'm not drunk. I'm sober."
	"Then you..."
	"Nora, I want you to be my real wife, okay?" there was a deep desire in Alan's eyes.
	"I think you are very drunk! Don't be kidding!" Nora tried hard to break away from his hands that were grabbing both her wrists, "It's not too late for you to let go of me now. I'll pretend you didn't say anything just now.
	We're still the best partners. Otherwise, I will be angry. We don't even have to be a fake couple. We even cannot be friends and can only be strangers."
	The insistence and seriousness in Nora's eyes showed that he was absolutely not joking.
	Alan, however, laughed out loud.
Chapter 409 I'll Be with You All My Life
	Nora looked at Alan who was laughing inexplicably, "What are you laughing at? Did I say something funny? I am serious! There is a contract between us. You can't unilaterally tear up it. Otherwise I have the right to terminate our cooperation."
	Nora mentioned that agreement to warn Alan not to exceed the bottom line.
	Alan's eyes flashed with an imperceptible loss. Then, he put on a bad smile like before, "It seems that I should not make the joke."
	Alan then let go of her hand.
	He stood up at the edge of the bed, "That really wasn't funny at all."
	"Of course it was not!" Nora sat up and glared at Alan, and was ablaze with anger, "I will make you suffer if you make such a joke again!"
	"Then how are you going to make me suffer?" Alan suddenly leaned over again, "Will you press me on the bed to tease me? If so, I won't be angry with you."
	His move startled Nora. Nora instinctively leaned back and distanced from him, "Yeah, dream on!"
	"Then I'd really like to have a better dream." Alan's expression was knavish.
	"Alan, if you don't behave yourself again next time, we'll get a divorce." Nora pushed him away, and then stood up, "I have thought we can live like this with the agreement. We did it these five years.
	But if you don't comply with the agreement, then there is no need to continue the marriage. Besides, now grandpa and our parents expect us to have children. You know that this is something we can't accomplish.
	Why don't we divorce? You can find a woman who is willing to give you children, so that you can have an explanation to your elders. I think that's the best way."
	As soon as Alan heard that, the smile on his face was not warm anymore, but rather cold.
	"Have you said enough?" Alan was capricious.
	"Yes. Then did you listen to it?" Nora also put on a long face.
	"Nora, do you really want me to have a baby with another woman?" Alan asked rhetorically.
	"Can you think of a better way to have a baby?" Nora asked him even without answering.
	"I can." Alan was very serious, "I can have a baby with you."
	"..." Words failed Nora, "Alan, can you wake up? I, Nora, will never have a baby for you. I have told you that when we got married."
	"Now is not the past. Time changes, and people will also change." Alan said so.
	"You said you wouldn't let your parents force me to have a baby no matter what before. Now, you're forcing me to have one. Alan, tell me, is what you said believable?" Nora said sarcastically.
	Alan raised his hand and touched his chin, unable to answer the question.
	"So if you want to have a baby, you can marry another woman!"
	At that moment, Alan's cell phone rang, breaking the silence and intense situation.
	Alan looked at the number and frowned. Just as he was about to click the red button, he hesitated for three seconds and clicked the green button and answered it.
	"Mr. Alan, where are you? I miss you." A soft female voice came.
	Alan frowned tightly, "I've said it countless times that it's just a game. Now the game is over. Can you be sober?"
	"You were the one who wanted to be friends with me at first. Why are you doing this to me now? What am I doing wrong? You can tell me and I will change. But please don't leave me, okay?" the woman pleaded bitterly.
	Alan closed his eyes and rubbed his brow with his fingers, feeling annoyed.
	"Mr. Alan, I don't care about status. I just want to stay by your side. I will be contended even if I cook for you and take a walk with you. Have you forgotten how good you were to me? Don't you like me at all?"
	"But... even if you already do not like me, I have fallen deeply in love with you. I really love you. Don't leave me, okay? We can still be happy together as before. Or what do I have to do so you won't leave me?"
	Alan opened his eyes, looked straight at Nora, and said word by word clearly, "Are you willing to do anything?"
	"Well, I'll do anything if you ask." As soon as the woman heard that Alan relented, her voice was filled with hope and joy.
	"Are you willing to have a child for me?" Alan made this offer to the other woman in front of Nora, "I will not treat you badly as long as you give birth to a child for me."
	"Okay. I am willing even if it takes my life, not to mention having a child." The woman agreed, "In fact, I have long wanted to give birth to a child for you. Mr. Alan, thank you for giving me this chance."
	"Okay, send me your address and wait for me there." Alan hung up after saying this briefly.
	He never took his eyes off Nora and kept a cold gaze on her.
	Nora heard him say this and knew what was going on.
	She gently sat down on the edge of the bed and smiled sweetly, "Congratulations to Mr. Alan for finding the right woman. When shall we divorce? We will go and do the formalities."
	"Nora, I will solve the matter of the child. But I will not divorce you. You'd better give up. Since we have signed the contract, let's continue to fulfill it. Five years is not enough, I will be with you for the rest of your life!" Alan raised his eyebrows and said domineeringly.
	But Nora just smiled gently, "I won't raise the child for you."
	"You don't have to worry about it. You just need to be Mrs. Way." Alan grinned, "Now I'll go and have a baby with another woman as Mrs. Way wants. Mrs. Way, don't be too sad."
	"Then goodbye, Mr. Way. Don't keep the beauty waiting for you." Nora wrapped her arms around her chest in a casual manner.
	"You are right, Mrs. Way. Since you want me to meet a beautiful woman, I can't let you down." Alan turned around in style and waved to Nora behind him.
	Just as he turned around, the smile on his face disappeared. His handsome face was as gloomy and cold as the night.
	In fact, he hoped Nora to keep him. Even if she had just said ‘don't go’, he would definitely stay here.
	But Nora did not stop him at all. She even smiled and sent him off with joy, which really made him angry inside and painful.
	He didn't know when he began to care about her and like to see her smile and stay with her....
	But she was such a fool and knew nothing. She was even as heartless as always.
	Could her heart no longer be warmed up?
	Alan heavily closed the door and stood in the courtyard. He felt his eyes sore and lifted his head.
	What the hell was wrong with him?
Chapter 410 None of Them Are as Important as You
	The morning after the wedding, Rose and Bright were awakened by a violent knock on the door.
	The knocks roused Bright from a pleasant dream. So, he was very annoyed and put on a long face, his eyes filled with anger.
	"I will check it out." Rose got up from Bright's arms, but was pulled back the next second.
	"Get some rest." He kissed her on the eyebrows, "I'm going to see myself whoever dares to disturb us on my wedding morning!"
	This man simply had no idea of death or danger.
	Bright then released Rose to get up and put on the long gray silk pajamas.
	Rose said, "Don't be angry. There must be an emergency for someone to be in such a hurry. Just ask nicely what happened. Don't get angry."
	"Alright." Bright softened instantly.
	He left the bedroom and went downstairs to open the door.
	The man at the door was David. He had an anxious look on his face, "Bright, something's wrong."
	"You'd better have something important, or I'll make you miserable." Bright listened to Rose, holding back his anger and trying to be patient.
	David said, "Rose's grandfather just fainted in the dining room."
	"What?" Bright's face changed, "Why didn't you call me?"
	"I could not get through your number. So I come to tell you." David didn't dare to delay and came in person.
	Bright and Rose both muted their phones last night. They just didn't want anything to disturb their beautiful night on the wedding day.
	"How is he now? Have you called the doctor on the island?" Bright frowned and was worried that Rose would know the bad news.
	It was the day after their wedding. They should have given tea to the elders. But now, they received the news that Wilfred fainted.
	Besides, it was hard to cure Wilfred. Wilfred also had chosen conservative treatment and refused to have an operation. He would become increasingly ill and his health would get worse.
	What Bright worried most was that Wilfred's frequent fainting meant that he would not live long.
	"We have sent him to the infirmary. You and Rose had better go see him." David was also worried.
	"Get the car ready. I'll go change clothes now." Without further delay, Bright turned around and went inside, hurrying to the second floor.
	He pushed open the bedroom door and saw Rose already get up. The red silk with lace nightgown sets her figure and skin off to advantage. She looked charming and beautiful.
	"Who is it? Is there something wrong?" although Bright had tried his best to control his expression, Rose still noticed something wrong and thought he was preoccupied.
	Bright stepped forward and gently took Rose in his arms, letting her lean against his chest, "Grandpa just fainted."
	"What?" Rose tried to break away from his embrace, but was held tightly by Bright. Bright calmed her who was in a panic, "Take it easy. Grandpa has been sent to the infirmary. The doctors here have superb medical skills."
	"Now, let's change clothes and go to see Grandpa. But don't be too anxious. Grandpa will be fine, and I will always be with you."
	"OK." Rose nodded heavily.
	Bright then let her go, holding her shoulders and staring at her while her eyes were red with grief.
	Bright was heartbroken. But it was reasonable that Rose would be sad and panic when her beloved one fell ill.
	He could understand her feeling. After Marley, his elder brother, fell down from the stairs and was still in a coma now, he had been worried about him all the time.
	Bright and Rose rushed to wash up and change clothes, and hurried out.
	Because driving was not allowed in the resort, cars could only be parked in the parking lot. So, in the resort, they could only take the tour bus if they wanted to go out.
	David had someone drive the tour bus and went to the infirmary with Bright and Rose.
	When they arrived, the doctor saw Bright and rushed forward, and even did not have time to wipe the sweat on his forehead, "Mr. Bright, Mr. Wilfred is temporarily in a stable condition. But we cannot be careless.
	We did not find out what illness he had. I suggest that you transfer Mr. Wilfred to City J Hospital as soon as possible to have a comprehensive examination, so as to get symptomatic treatment."
	"OK, I will arrange it right now." Bright also knew Wilfred's illness and did not go hard with the doctor, "Thank you."
	"Don't mention it." The doctor did not dare to delay.
	Rose had been held by Bright by the shoulder. Bright was afraid that she could not hold on and collapse.
	Afterwards, Bright hurriedly arranged for Wilfred to be transferred to City J Hospital, the best hospital in City J.
	"You stay here. I'll just go keep Grandpa company." Rose naturally wanted Bright to be with her. But there were still many guests in the resort today.
	This wedding was grand. All the guests could enjoy everything on the island for free starting from the pre wedding party the day before the wedding.
	"We are a couple. I'll be with you wherever you go." Bright held her hand tightly and felt the chill in her fingertips, "None of them are as important as you."
	There were millions of people in this world. But Rose was the only one Bright valued. Those people were indeed not as important as her.
	"I'll take care of the business here, and Harry is also here. You guys just go to the hospital. Don't worry. Leave this to us." David also urged them, "Go now."
	"Mr. Hank, thank you." Rose thanked him.
	"You and Bright are married. From now on, I will call you Rose. You can just call me David. Mr. Hank sounds strange." David and Bright were not only good friends, but also good partners in business.
	Bright reached out and patted David's shoulder. They shook hands tacitly.
	Bright and Rose left together with Wilfred in the ambulance.
	When they arrived at the hospital, Wilfred was scheduled for another checkup.
	Bright also let the hospital in City H pass the information of Wilfred's condition, so that the brain experts here could look it up and understand Wilfred's illness.
	Nora and Jane, who received the news, along with William, Chandler and Joy, Francis and Hallie, also came.
	Nora hugged Rose as soon as she arrived, "Grandpa will be fine."
	Rose didn't say anything, just held Nora tight.
	"Bright, how is Grandpa?" their parents were asking Bright.
	"We don't know until we get the examination report." Bright was also waiting with anxiety. He just hoped things would not be too bad.
	"Anyway, see the best doctor. Money is not a problem." Francis said, "Go wherever the doctors can cure the disease."
	Francis' words touched Rose. She held back her tears and said to Francis, "Dad, I'm sorry to trouble you."
	"We are family. Don't mention it." Francis had always been nice to Rose.
Chapter 411 Make All the Arrangements
	Family? Yeah. Rose had been accepted by the Lee family and become a member of it since Bright took her to see Francis and Hallie.
	She felt that the Lee family was warmer than the Linder family. She felt the true love from Bright's parents.
	She had thought Francis and Hallie would have a problem with her after something happened to Zoe. But now, it seemed she gauged their hearts with her own mean measure.
	Francis had gone through so much. His experience and mind would not be so narrow.
	"Thanks, Dad." Rose's eyes were wet again.
	"Dad, I'll make all the arrangements." Bright replied.
	"Make sure you make all the arrangements, so that nothing will happen to your Grandpa." Francis admonished some more before he was relieved.
	They went to the ward to see Wilfred. Then, Francis and Hallie left first.
	Chandler was also about to leave. After all, Wilfred never recognized him as his son-in-law. If Wilfred saw him after waking up, he might be angry and sick.
	"You go first. I'll wait here until my father wakes up." Joy didn't know what was wrong with her father until now. But she was uneasy after seeing what happened.
	"Then call me if you need anything." Chandler said.
	"Mom, you'd better go with Dad. You can't help much by staying here." Rose, however, urged Joy to leave, "It's enough to have Bright and me here. Or it would be stifling for Grandpa."
	"Rose, can you tell me what's wrong with your Grandpa?" Joy just saw that her father was haggard and lost a lot of weight.
	"You haven't cared about grandpa for so many years. So, don't pretend to care about him now." Rose's face was cold, "Whether Grandpa is dead or alive has nothing to do with you."
	"Rose, it was your Grandpa and Grandma who disowned me first. I did not want to leave them behind." It was not the first time Joy defended herself, "I have always thought of them in my heart and remembered them. After all, I am their only daughter."
	"Have you forgotten how Zach died?" Rose mentioned the name Joy didn't want to hear at all.
	Chandler also looked at Joy. He did not know Zach.
	"Rose… " Joy pursed her lips for a moment, "that's his own choice."
	Seeing that Joy was not guilty at all and shirking her responsibilities, Rose was really shocked. How could there be such a cold and heartless people in the world?
	She just sneered coldly, "Even if you stay here and wait for Grandpa to wake up, he may not want to see you. You'd better go."
	Joy bit her lip and wanted to say something. But seeing Rose look away and not want to pay attention to her, she bit back the words she would like to have said.
	"Then I'll go first." Joy was embarrassed and walked away with her head down.
	"Bright, Rose, call us if there is anything." Chandler said before leaving.
	Bright nodded lightly.
	Then, only Nora, Jane and William were here.
	Nora gently took Rose's hand, "Are you okay?"
	Naturally, she was referring to the relationship between Rose and her parents, which looked extremely poor.
	"I've been through the hardest time. I am okay." Rose was very relaxed, "You guys go back too. You don't have to stay here with me."
	She thanked her close friends for coming. But this was her family business. She needed to deal with it on her own.
	Then Rose sent Nora and Jane and William off.
	Jane, who was always lively, hadn't said a word today. It seemed that something was on her mind.
	"What's wrong with you?" Rose asked her softly, "You had a hard time yesterday. Did not you rest well? Go back and have a good rest, and then let Nora take you around to relax."
	"I'm fine. Don't worry about me. Take care of yourself." Jane said with a smile.
	Rose looked to William again, "William, I have just invited you and Jane in City Y. she's a girl. Please help me take care of her."
	"OK." William responded.
	"No need. I can take care of myself." Jane, however, was a bit anxious and seemed to want to keep William at a distance.
	Rose didn't notice it and looked to Nora, "Nora, I will leave Jane and William to you. Take care of them for me."
	"Don't worry. Your friends are my friends." Nora promised, reassuring Rose.
	As Rose sent her friends off, Bright came to the doctor.
	"Dr. Liu, how is my Grandpa?" Bright wanted to know Wilfred's condition first to prepare himself, hoping that he could bear more for Rose, "Please tell me the truth."
	Dr. Liu frowned and was serious, "Mr. Bright, Mr. Wilfred's disease is somewhat rare. It's not easy for him to survive now. Please be prepared. I'm really sorry for not being able to help you."
	"It's not your fault. You don't have to blame yourself." Bright was rational, "Can he have an operation now? Is he more likely to survive if he has an operation?"
	"If he has an operation now, there is still hope. But he can only live a little longer, about a few months to a year. But Mr. Wilfred is so old after all. His health is not as good as young people, and his condition is complicated and getting worse.
	I am afraid that there will be accidents during the operation. Even if there are no accidents during the operation, the critical period after the operation will also test him... Operation is risky. As his family, you must think it over. I will fully cooperate with you."
	"OK." Bright said after a pause, "If my wife asks about my Grandpa's condition, you can tell her about it. I will also tell her the truth."
	After instructing the doctor, Bright left the doctor's office.
	Bright walked back to Wilfred's ward with a heavy heart. He didn't know how to make a choice or how to tell Rose about Wilfred's true condition.
	When he returned to Wilfred's ward, he saw that Rose had returned from her drop-off and was sitting there talking to Wilfred who was still unconscious.
	"Grandpa, I'll be here with you all the time. I know the first person you want to see when you open your eyes will be me." Rose pressed Wilfred's hand to her face, her long eyelashes silky and wet, "Grandpa, don't make me wait too long, or I'll fall asleep too."
	"You make so much noise. Grandpa won't sleep long." Bright walked to her and stood beside her, teasing.
	"Where have you been?" Rose wiped the corners of her eyes quickly and turned to look at him, "Don’t make fun of me."
	"I just want you to be happy." Bright hugged her.
	"Is Grandpa... okay?" Rose leaned against his lower abdomen and wrapped her arms around his lean waist.
Chapter 412 Her Origins
	Bright gently stroked her back and comforted Rose who was helpless and sad, "It's fine."
	After getting Bright's answer, Rose looked up and smiled, "I'll believe it as long as you say it."
	Bright then squatted down so that their eyes were level, "In that case, go rest at the couch. Good girl."
	He gently stroked her cheek, not accepting her refusal.
	Last night, although it was not the first time they slept with each other, Bright felt as excited as he was at their first time. So, he had made her more tired.
	Rose was naturally tired last night. Bright had intended to let her get a good rest today. Unexpectedly, Grandpa fainted on the first day of their wedding.
	Bright felt distressed and wanted Rose to rest now.
	"I'm not tired at all. I just want to stay with Grandpa and watch him." Rose choked as she spoke, "I'm afraid the time I can spend with him and watch him will be less and less."
	Seeing her hold back her tears, Bright held her hand tightly, then leaned over and kissed her eyes.
	He didn't want to see her cry, "Don't be afraid. I will be always with you."
	"I know. So I can be strong now." Bright gave Rose a great sense of security, "Sometimes I wonder what I can do without you."
	"So who had left me without a word and even wanted to get a divorce back then?" Bright raked up her faults and rubbed her nose dotingly.
	"The situation was different. I knew I had lied to you and was ashamed to face you. I was afraid you would be angry and blame me for it. So I had to leave before you said anything." Rose did not dare to face Bright at that time, "In fact, I was afraid that if I saw you again, I couldn't drag myself away from you."
	"Since you can't drag yourself away from you, then stay by my side and don't go anywhere." Bright was very dominant.
	"Well, I'm not going anywhere. Because the place with you is my home." Rose's face wore a wide grin for the first time today.
	Bright then asked Rose to lie down on the couch to rest, fetching a thin blanket to cover her.
	He sat next to her and held her hand while she looked at him until she was too sleepy and closed her eyes.
	Bright watched her and let go of her hand until she was asleep. Then, he got up to see Wilfred.
	Wilfred slept peacefully. Bright sat there. A sense of powerlessness surged in his heart.
	It is really hard to watch your relatives leave and you can do nothing with it.
	"Water... water..."
	Bright saw Wilfred's mouth open. His voice was low.
	Bright came closer and heard clearly. He poured water, picked up Wilfred and fed him some water.
	Wilfred felt much better after drinking water, panting slightly.
	"Grandpa, are you okay?" Bright asked Wilfred.
	Wilfred turned to look at Bright, "I've given you and Rose trouble again."
	"Grandpa, don't say that. You are our family. It is okay. What matters most now is to get you well. Nothing else matters." Bright only wanted Wilfred to recuperate at ease.
	"Bright, Rose is not here. I want to speak my mind to you." Wilfred said with a smile.
	"Grandpa, go ahead." Bright was all ears.
	"Bright, don't spend money and energy to cure me. I am old and do not want that any more. I just want to leave peacefully and see your Grandma happily. She has been lying there alone for years, and has been waiting for me for years." Wilfred said and seemed to be delivering his last words.
	"Please take care of Rose from now on. If she really makes any mistakes, I hope you can guide her well. But don't give up on her.
	She is also a pitiful child. Her mother is not a good mother. As for her father... " Wilfred paused, "there is a secret I am going to tell you. In fact, Chandler may not be Rose's real father.
	Her real father may be Zach. I overheard Joy threaten Zach with the baby in her belly. If Zach didn't break up, Joy said she would die with the baby.
	But with Joy's personality, she would not keep the baby as Zach was dead. So, I am not sure whether Rose is Zach's child. If she is, there is someone related to Zach in the world. It can comfort the spirit of him."
	Joy was crazy and even threatened Zach with the child back then. So, Wilfred and his wife were all guilty and sad.
	Bright was very shocked when he heard this secret.
	"Bright, I'm telling you this, because I know you won't dislike her even if she may not be the lady of the Linder family. I have an infallible eye for men. You are righteous and strong as a man. I'm relieved to tell you. You don't have to tell Rose about this secret. She's happy now. There's no need to upset her with these things."
	Bright nodded and followed Wilfred's instructions, "I understand."
	Wilfred nodded in satisfaction, "Then when I regain my strength, we will leave the hospital. Just send me back home. I want to go home. I don't have much time left. If I don't go back now, I'm afraid I'll never be able to go back…."
	"Grandpa…" Bright wanted to say something else, but was interrupted by Wilfred who raised his hand.
	"Bright, stop saying anything or persuading me. I've thought it all through. I've lived long enough at my age. I just want to sleep with your Grandma.
	Maybe it's sad for you when I die. But for me, I am happy to be with the people I love forever.
	Just like you and Rose, you guys are always together. I also want to be with your Grandma all the time. So stop persuading me. Just listen to me. This is the last thing I ask you for help in my life. This is my wish. So, just help me."
	Wilfred didn't look sad at all. Instead, she was relaxed.
	Bright finally did not say more. Facing Wilfred's last request, he could only do as he was told.
	"OK, as you wish."
	Wilfred smiled happily.
	Rose, who was separated from them only by a wall, bit her lip, suppressing the mixed feelings inside. She turned around, walked to the sofa, and sat down.
	Just now when she woke up, she heard Wilfred and Bright's conversation. Those words shocked her.
	No wonder her mother had never liked her much since she was a child. It was just because she was Zach's daughter.
	And her real father was forced to die by her mother....
Chapter 413 Strongly Call for Such a Benefit Every Day
	Rose sat there, absent-minded. Her soul seemed to flow out of the body. She was dumbfounded.
	Until she heard footsteps, she wiped the teardrops on the corners of her eyes and reclined on the couch again.
	Bright pushed the door open and stepped to the couch, seeing Rose sleeping sideways and inward.
	He bent down and reached out to push her hair on her forehead and face back, and lowered his head to kiss her on the corner of her eye.
	Rose's eyelashes moved. She slowly turned her head, opened her clear eyes, and met his gaze.
	"You awake?" Bright smiled and looked at her angelic face.
	Rose nodded.
	"Are you hungry? I'll go get you some food."
	She hadn't eaten anything since this morning when she heard the news that Wilfred fainted.
	Now that she had slept for some time, she might already be hungry.
	Bright was about to get up. But Rose reached out and wrapped her arms around his neck, lowered Bright's head, and then kissed him.
	Bright didn't expect Rose to do this. He was slightly shocked, but calmly accepted her kiss.
	He gently embraced her. They leaned close to each other and unrestrainedly kissed, as if only she and he were left in the world.
	In contrast to Bright's gentleness, Rose seemed a bit impatient. She did not let go of Bright until she could hardly breathe. When her lips and tongue were a bit numb, she let go of him.
	Her hands still gripped his shirt collar. She lingeringly rested her forehead against his, not wanting to let him go.
	Bright sat down obediently. Rose took the opportunity to worm her way into his arms, snuggling up to him like a cat.
	"What's wrong?" Bright felt that something was wrong with Rose.
	She had never been so restless, sad, and devoted as she was today.
	"Nothing. I just miss you."
	"I'm right here."
	" I still miss you though."
	"Naughty girl." Bright lightly pinched her cheeks, "Is there something you're hiding from me? Or did you do something wrong? You are so nice now."
	"Can't I be nice?" Rose fiddled with his long and slender fingers.
	Bright felt that Rose was a little strange after waking up. He did not know what was wrong, but felt that she was a bit different.
	He reached out and touched Rose's forehead, "Are you sure you're okay?"
	"Of course I am." Rose slapped away his large palm on her forehead and got up, "I'm going to see if Grandpa's awake."
	"Grandpa just woke up. I came to ask you to go see him. But I didn't expect Mrs. Lee to be so enthusiastic and gave me a passionate kiss today." Bright was a bit surprised, "I strongly call for such a benefit every day."
	"Dream on." Rose stood up.
	"You are indeed beautiful." Bright made a gesture with his hands to Rose's slim figure.
	Rose blushed quietly, glared at him, and went to Wilfred's ward.
	She walked to Wilfred's bed. Seeing the much thinner Wilfred and thinking of what Wilfred had just said, she couldn't hold back the sad emotions inside.
	"Rose, come here. Let me take a good look at you." Grandpa tapped the edge of the bed.
	"Grandpa." When she called out to Grandpa, Rose's eyes were red.
	"Why are you crying?" Wilfred coaxed her, "It's my fault for making you worry again."
	"No, Grandpa. It is because Bright bullies me." Rose looked like a child who was complaining to her elders. Her eyes were clear and charming.
	Wilfred looked at Bright who came in after her and smiled, "Rose, I will believe you if you say that Bright is not good in other ways. But I definitely do not believe that he will bully you."
	"Grandpa, you are biased." Rose was unhappy, "You ignore me after I married Bright."
	Bright looked pitiful, "How dare I bully you with Grandpa around?"
	"Rose, I have eyes. I can see how good Bright is to you. I also remember how good he is to me." Wilfred was grateful inside. If it wasn't for Bright spending money and manpower to cure him, he would have been gone.
	Fortunately, he survived until Rose and Bright got married. He sent his beloved granddaughter to the man who loved her, fulfilling his last wish.
	Rose knew how good Bright was and did not contradict what Wilfred said.
	"Grandpa, let me pare an apple for you." Rose changed the subject.
	"Rose, wait. I want to talk to you." Wilfred took her hand and stopped her from getting up. Rose listened attentively, "I just discussed with Bright. When I get out of the hospital, I will go back home to see your Grandma and tell her the good news of you and Bright getting married. She will be happy too."
	"Well, Grandpa, it sounds great. We'll listen to you." Rose smiled and agreed, "I also want to go back to worship Grandma."
	"I'll make the arrangements. Let's have a rest first and leave the day after tomorrow." Bright was always the one who made all the arrangements.
	"OK."
	Rose then peeled the apple, cut it into small pieces, and gave it to Grandpa with a small fork.
	"Grandpa, eat more fruit. The apple is very sweet and delicious."
	"Alright."
	"Grandpa, I'll read the news to you."
	"Grandpa, it is time to have a meal. These are all your favorite food."
	"Grandpa, I'll massage your shoulders and legs."
	"Grandpa, tell me a story about my childhood...."
	"Grandpa...."
	Rose turned the sadness and reluctance in her heart into motivation, cherishing every minute she spent with Wilfred, hoping that she could make Wilfred happy every day in these last days.
	She felt that she could only do so much. She must do it.
	Joy came to the hospital the next day, did not see Wilfred, and only stayed for an hour and left.
	She came to the hospital on the third day again when Wilfred was discharged. Wilfred finally saw Joy before he left and said to her, "Joy, don't visit me anymore. Just live the life you want."
	"Dad…."
	"Go back."
	Wilfred got in the special car that Bright had prepared to the airport and took the Lee family's private plane back to City Y.
	There was a professional medical team on board in case of emergency.
	In addition to the doctor, Bill was also there. He arranged everything for Bright.
	The offer was so good.
	Wilfred could lie down on the plane, so that he wouldn't be too tired.
	The whole trip was very nice. After arriving at the airport in City Y, they had lunch and moved, and then took a special car to the hometown.
	Not only was Wilfred not tired, but he was in good spirits and very happy on the way.
	The closer they got to home, the brighter the smile on Wilfred's face.
	He would talk something about the familiar sights when he saw them, while Rose and Bright would listen to him attentively.
Chapter 414 You Will Know I Can Be More Overbearing
	At 4 p.m., they finally got to the village. This time, two luxury cars drove into the Young family and were parked in the yard.
	This situation aroused the curiosity of the villagers. They all came to the Young family.
	Then, they saw that Mr. Wilfred came back. Wilfred greeted them loudly with a deep smile on his face. This kind of happiness could not be faked but came from his heart.
	Seeing Wilfred in such good spirits and mood at this moment, Rose also smiled and her eyes were wet a bit.
	Bright stood beside her, reached out, and gently held her shoulder.
	"Isn't this good? Why are you crying?"
	"Grandpa hasn't smiled like this for a long time." Rose gently wiped the corners of her eyes with her fingers, "I am just glad to see Grandpa like this. This is the grandpa I know. I think I finally understand how Grandpa feels now."
	"As long as Grandpa is happy, everything is worth it." Bright naturally felt that.
	When people were outside, they would finally return to their hometown.
	Only then could they truly feel at ease.
	Rose nodded in agreement. Although she still had mixed feelings, it was good as long as Grandpa was happy.
	"Bill, distribute the things you brought to guys." Bright had asked someone to prepare some gifts before they returned.
	Bill took the order and distributed the things to the neighbors who came with the medical team.
	Ms. Flower also came to join in the fun. She not only got the gift, but also saw Rose, and was extremely happy.
	Ms. Flower gave Rose a warm hug with tears in her eyes, "Mr. Bright, Rose, I have thought I would never see you again. I did not expect you to come back so soon. I'm so happy."
	"Grandpa felt homesick. So we came back." Rose looked at the warm-hearted and pure neighbors, and felt warmed, "What are you crying about?"
	"I'm just happy." Ms. Flower smiled with tears in her eyes, "How long will you stay here this time? Tomorrow, I will make fish for you."
	"I don't know. I'll stay as long as I can." Rose replied after some thought.
	At this time, the neighbors who had received the gifts came to thank Bright and Rose with a big smile on their faces. They all warmly invited Bright and Rose to their home for dinner.
	Wilfred silenced the people, "Guys, I have good news for you. Rose and Bright got married. These are their wedding gifts to everyone. Thank you all for your care and help to me."
	During the period when Wilfred left, it was the neighbors who helped him farm and watch his house.
	"Mr. Wilfred, don't mention it. We are all neighbors and should help each other."
	"So are we going to attend Mr. Bright and Rose's wedding?"
	Wilfred looked at Bright and Rose, thinking of that they had just had their wedding and he fell ill before they could come to.
	He didn't want to trouble them and tried to retort, "They just came back to see you guys...."
	"Grandpa, leave it to me." After getting Wilfred's approval, Bright then spoke, "Guys, the day after tomorrow, we will hold a wedding at the Young family. Everyone can come and don't need to offer red envelopes."
	These people were excited when they heard this. The village hadn't had a wedding for a long time.
	Then the neighbors dispersed. Wilfred said, "Bright, it is late today. Isn't it too hasty to have a wedding in three days? In fact, you don't have to do so."
	"Grandpa, it is just a happy thing. It's good for everyone to have fun together. Besides, if Rose and I have a wedding here, Grandma can also see it." Bright was thoughtful, "Don't worry. Just leave it to me."
	Wilfred understood and was grateful, and then went to rest.
	Rose did not expect that Bright was this kind as a great president. He would even have a wedding in such a small place the day after tomorrow. Small villages were always not as good as big cities in all aspects. It was really too hasty and hard.
	"Are you sure you can do it the day after... tomorrow?" Rose was still worried.
	Bright raised his hand to watch his watch and looked to Bill, "There are 55 hours between now and noon the day after tomorrow. Bill, show me your ability. If you do a good job on this, you can get whatever you want, whether it's a promotion, a raise, or a bonus."
	Bill frowned. He was reluctant, but had to take the order, "Mr. Bright, I will do a good job. I don't want a promotion, a raise, or a bonus."
	"Then what do you want, Bill? Just say it." Rose felt that this was indeed difficult for Bill and wanted to fulfill his wish.
	"I want Mr. Bright and Mrs. Bright to give me a wife." Bill was very sad.
	In fact, he had had several girlfriends. His first love in college broke up with him because of graduation. When he just started to work, his girlfriend broke up with him because he was poor. Then after he became Bright's assistant, he broke up with his girlfriend again because he had no time to spend with her....
	Now he became a middle-aged man. He really suffered from a hard lot.
	Every day he saw Mr. Bright and Mrs. Bright do PDA, he was envious.
	Rose's eyes widened when she heard the request. She couldn't believe Bill was still single, "With your condition, it shouldn't be hard to have a girlfriend, right?"
	"It takes time to make girlfriends. I work hard every day. I'm... I'm tired." Bill said pitifully.
	"Bill, are you complaining about me?" Bright raised his left eyebrow lightly. Bill spoke as if he was very dissatisfied with Bright.
	"Of course I am not." Bill immediately shook his head with a smile on his face, "I am envious of Mr. Bright and Mrs. Bright's good relationship, and also want to have a girlfriend."
	"If you do a good job this time, I can fix you up with the lady in City J whoever you take a fancy. But it relies on your efforts if you want her to be your wife." Bright promised.
	"Or maybe we can give Bill a month off and let him go looking for his right girl?" Rose also suggested.
	"Can I have both?" Bill grinned.
	"I'll see how you do." Bright glanced at his watch again, "You only have 18 hours and 45 minutes left."
	Bill gritted his teeth and encouraged himself, "I'll fight for my own lifelong happiness!"
	After saying that, Bill left quickly.
	Rose saw that Bill was energetic and seemed to slog his guts out.
	"Honey, I suddenly feel so sorry for Bill," Rose sighed.
	"What are you talking about?" Bright glanced at her coldly.
	"Are you jealous of Bill?" Rose frowned, "You're too overbearing!"
	"You can only have me in your eyes and heart." Bright pointed to her left chest with sharp eyes, "And you will know I can be more overbearing!"
	With that, Bright then kissed her fiercely.
Chapter 415 She Has Faith in Him
	With Bill's great efforts, the wedding banquet was held as scheduled on the square of the Young family's county. There were too many people, so only the square could accommodate so many guests.
	There was a long row of serving tables. The wedding scene was so jubilant that it was like having a New Year Party.
	Although Bright and Rose didn't take any red envelopes from everyone, the enthusiastic villagers sent them some things, such as local chicken (duck) eggs, beans, sweet potatoes, peanuts, dried pork and beef, and even live chicken, ducks and rabbits...
	The countryside customs were way out of line with Bright's noble temperament, but he was very polite with the villagers.
	No matter what the situation was, Bright would adapt himself to it.
	Bright and Rose raised their glasses to the villagers who came to their wedding party.
	"Cross-cupped wine."
	Rose and Bright looked like a perfect match and the villagers clapped with cheers to ask them to drink cross-cupped wine.
	Bright and Rose gave in to their enthusiasm. They faced each other, wrapped their arms around each other and drank the wine.
	"Wish Rose and Mr. Lee a happy marriage!"
	"Rose is blessed to be loved by Mr. Lee. She's getting younger and prettier."
	"Mr. Lee is handsome and rich. What a good luck that Rose marries Mr. Lee."
	The happiest of all was Grandpa, who was surrounded by the villagers and received congratulations.
	In the afternoon, Bright and Rose helped Grandpa to Grandma's grave and they put some fruit cakes and meat on the grave.
	Grandpa picked up a cloth to wipe the Grandma's photos, and tidies up Grandma's grave.
	The grave next to her grandmother's was Zach's. Rose looked at it for a long time, and her mood was very different from the last time she came here.
	She stepped forward and put the fruit and wine in front of the tomb, staring at the name 'Zach'.
	Her fingertips trembled as she reached over the carved name.
	'Are you really my father?' Rose thought doubtfully.
	Bright did not disturb her, but looked at her in silence.
	After Grandpa sorted out the weeds and branches, he stood in front of the grave with a glass of wine.
	And Bright and Rose stood behind Grandpa.
	Grandpa smiled and said, "Dear, Bright and Rose get married and they hold a wedding party in the village. All the villagers came to congratulate us. See, they are still having fun now."
	"Dear, Bright, Rose and I have come to see you again and brought you some wedding cakes and fruit. How are you now? I will be with you soon. I miss you so much..."
	"Here's a toast to you, dear."
	With that, they poured the wine on the ground.
	"Bright, Rose, you go home first. I want to spend some time with your grandmother alone."
	"Grandpa, we'll pick you up later," said Bright, and then left with Rose.
	Bright was walking on the country road, with Rose's hand in his. The fields were planted with oranges, pomelos... The aroma of melon drifted along the road the made Bright and Rose feel fresh.
	"Tell me if you have something on your mind." Rose kept lowering her head and was not high-spirited, so Bright was a bit worried.
	"No." Rose shook her head.
	"You can rely on me. Don't bear everything alone." Bright stopped and held her shoulders. "You are like a blank sheet of paper for me and I can see everything clearly."
	Rose's eyelids quivered and her lips tightened.
	"I heard what Grandpa has said to you," she whispered.
	"You want to know if Zach is your father, but you are afraid to know." Bright guessed it right.
	Rose nodded, "Yes. I'm afraid."
	"You are not afraid that you are not the lady of the Linder family, but that he's your father, and that your mother killed him." Bright spoke out what was on Rose's mind.
	"Would your family accept me if I am not the lady of the Linder family but an ordinary woman? Would I disgrace you, and make you be laughed at for marrying such an ordinary person?" Rose was worried and felt extremely diffident.
	"What makes you think so?" Bright held her face in his hands. "Do I need anyone else to tell me what kind of woman should I marry? Do you think there will be men who dare laugh at me?"
	"Now that you are my wife, you are a member of the Lee family. Don't you think you see yourself as an outsider by saying that? Rose, you birth can't determine who you are. Besides, what others think can't change my decision to give you happiness. Do you believe me?"
	Rose nodded heavily. Rose trusted him completely.
	"If you trust me, don't care about anything. Just believe that we can be happy." Bright told her to concentrate on their life and not to care about too many voices from the outside world, which would only disturb her mind.
	Rose nodded again.
	Bright let her rest on his shoulder and they looked at the horizon.
	The blue sky had been dyed orange by the sun, and gradually turned to gold. It was very beautiful.
	"The sky is so beautiful."
	"Our lives will be more beautiful than this."
	"Yes."
	Looking at the beautiful scenery, Rose and Bright forgot all the troubles in their hearts for the moment.
	An hour later, they went back to pick up Grandpa.
	From a distance, they saw Grandpa leaning against the cold gravestone, as if he depended on her.
	As they approached, they saw Grandpa's eyes closed as if he were asleep.
	A faint orange-gold glow lit up his face, and he wore a contented smile.
	"Grandpa..." Rose called him.
	But her grandfather didn't answer her, and she began to panic.
	Bright reached for Grandpa's nose and carotid artery. Rose stared at Bright doing this with her eyes wide open.
	Bright then shook his head at her. "Grandpa passed away."
	Rose stood still, tears welling up in her eyes, and then flowed down her face.
	Rose couldn't believe her grandfather had left them so suddenly.
	Bright felt distressed as he saw that Rose was trying to hold back her tears.
	He hugged her and said, "It's all right to cry."
	"Grandpa..." Rose called to Grandpa loudly, but he could not hear her anymore.
Chapter 416 God Bless Her
	The village was still immersed in the excitement of the wedding banquet, while sadness filled the newlyweds' hearts beside the silent grave...
	Rose clutched at Bright's clothes in great pain.
	Her eyes were blurred with tears as she looked at Grandpa leaning on the gravestone. She thought of the past, and also thought of what he had said in the hospital.
	She didn't know whether to be happy for her grandfather or to feel sad for herself.
	Rose cried until her tears were dry. Bright stayed with her silently, not saying a word. He wanted to give her some time to vent and eased down.
	Rose released Bright and knelt in front of her Grandpa.
	"Grandpa..." Rose sobbed and called for Grandpa again.
	Bright crouched down and said, "Grandpa smiled as he passed away, which means he was happy. He could see Grandma again, which means much to him than anything else. He had suffered so much, and it's a relief to pass away..."
	"I see, but I'm still sad. I'll never hear Grandpa call me again." Rose leaned back on Bright's shoulder.
	"I know you're sad to lose your grandfather, but you still have me, Doris, and a family." Bright held her soft hand. "Let's spend more time here with Grandpa."
	Rose closed her eyes slowly, and she felt so painful that she couldn't breathe.
	She just got married to Bright. Happy as she was, she lost her grandfather.
	It was as if she had fallen from heaven to hell, and Rose could not bear it and fell into a coma due to a great grief.
	Bright looked at Rose, who was pale in his arms. With one arm around her, he called Bill.
	Bill had been busy for two days, so he was having a rest now.
	As soon as he saw Bright was calling him, he perked up and asked, "Mr. Lee, what can I do for you?"
	"Bill, Rose's grandfather passed away. Get a professional team to take care of it." Bright's voice sounded calm, but he felt grieved.
	Bright was also under great pressure. Now that her grandfather had passed away, Rose would be in a bad mood and couldn't be able to take care of the company. So, he had no time to relax or be sad.
	He had got to hold on now.
	When Bill heard the bad news, his mind suddenly became clear. "Yes, Mr. Lee, leave it to me. Take good care of Mrs. Lee."
	"Bill, thank you." Bright felt that the rightest decision was to bring Bill along with him and to have him shared the burden.
	"No, Mr. Lee. It's my pleasure to serve you. You may rest assured. I will take care of the business." Bill felt sorry for Bright, too.
	Things that happened these days were important, and his mood went ups and downs like riding a roller coaster.
	"And get a doctor to see Rose. She fainted." Bright couldn't leave now. He held Rose and guarded for Grandpa while waiting for the professional team to arrive.
	"Okay, I'll send someone over at once."
	Bright hung up the phone. He looked at Rose in his arms, whose eyes were swollen with tears and her face was full of tears.
	"Grandma, Grandpa, rest assured. I will take good care of Rose. You have to be happy in another world, and you don't have to worry about her." Bright looked at Grandpa's body and Grandma's tombstone. "Please bless her if you can hear me."
	Bright didn't wait long before a doctor arrived, followed by a professional funeral team.
	After examining Rose, the doctor said to Bright, "Mrs. Lee is in a coma because of excessive sadness. She will be all right after a sleep."
	The funeral team, led by Bill, brought Grandpa back to the Young Family.
	Bright carried Rose home on his back.
	The last glimmer of gold in the sky had dissipated, and the main room of the Young Family was ready for the funeral hall.
	Grandpa was placed in a fine coffin, and the layout with white and black showed the solemnity and sadness.
	A happy day turned to a sad one. The villagers were sad for Bright and Rose. Ms. Flower was in tears.
	Everyone was so shocked and unprepared for the change. But they all came to help Bright and Rose to prepare for Grandpa's funeral.
	Bright thanked everyone, and told them to get some rest, and told them to visit Wilfred at 1 p.m. to 5 p.m. today and tomorrow.
	The Young family was decorated in white, and sad music sounded.
	Bright knelt down on the futon and burned Joss paper for Grandpa. The red flame outlined his outline.
	Then a person knelt beside him. Bright knew it was Rose.
	"How are you now?" Bright asked her.
	"I'm fine." Rose nodded and put the Joss paper in the fire, which instantly turned into ashes.
	After burning the Joss paper, he gave a bow to Grandpa and helped Rose to have some rest. "If you don't feel well, take more rest. I am here to take care of it," said Bright.
	"I'm fine." Rose smiled lightly, but her eyes were swollen and she looked haggard because she had been crying for a long time. "Thank you."
	Bright shook his head. His dark eyes were darker than the night.
	"I had a dream that my grandpa and grandma were happy together and they told me not to worry. Grandpa was right. He didn't have any regrets anymore, so I need to move on." When Rose saw Grandma and Grandpa smiling so brightly in her dream, she knew that she should bless them.
	"I'm glad you can move on." Bright said with relief. He was really afraid that she could not get over the difficulty.
	"I'm going to pull myself together. I have you and Doris, and I'm going to reassure Grandma and Grandpa that I am fine." Rose decided to let go and think positively so that she wouldn't feel so sad.
	Just then Bill walked over. "Mr. Lee."
	And he glanced at Rose, who understood that they wanted to have a private talk. Rose said to Bright, "I want to stay here with Grandpa. You can have a talk with Mr. Bill."
	Bright patted her on the shoulder and went to the corner of the yard with Bill.
	"Mr. Lee, President Lee and Madam know what happened to Rose's Grandpa. They will send a person here to express their condolence." Bill told Bright what Francis had said on the phone.
	"Yes. Got it."
	"As for the work, I have sent some information to your mailbox. There's something wrong with the acquisition of HT Company and it's a bit urgent." There were too many things that needed Bright to handle. Bill was worried about Bright's health.
	"Okay, get my computer ready. I'll get to the car to handle it," Bright ordered Bill, "Look after Rose and tell me if something goes wrong."
	"Yes."
Chapter 417 To Think in Big Picture
	Bright was dealing with work in the car, frowning all the time. The light of the computer lit up his face, making him look particularly cold.
	Hearing his workers' opinions, he said, "You can't even handle such a simple thing! If I have to do everything myself, why should I hire you? I don't want to provide for a group of dumb-heads."
	The workers bowed their heads after being scolded.
	Bright didn't want to waste too much time on these people, so he issued an ultimatum, "I am determined to win the HT acquisition. If anything goes amiss, don't blame me for being fierce. That's it."
	Bright closed the computer, leaned back in his chair, and touched his eyebrows.
	He rested on the car for about half an hour. Then he got out and went to the Young Family.
	At three o'clock in the morning, the Young Family was lonely and cold, although the lights were bright.
	As soon as Bright entered the room, he saw Rose sitting at the edge of the hall, watching over her grandfather.
	When someone passed away, his family would stay overnight. Wilfred had been living alone for several years. He had no relatives except Rose and Bright, so the duty fell on them.
	Rose was not sleepy and wanted to spend more time with her grandfather in the last few days.
	Rose felt the coolness of the night and hugged herself.
	Then a woolen shawl was laid around Rose's shoulders, filling her with warmth.
	"Go to rest, I'll watch it." Bright sorted out her shawl carefully so that she wouldn't get cold.
	Rose looked at Bright's white shirt, which was already a little creased. His eyes were bloodshot and his face was covered with the stubble of several nights, which made him look a little tired.
	Rose put her hand on his face and felt distressed for him.
	"I slept for a long time today so I'm not sleepy at all. But you have been working. You should have a rest." Rose stood up. "I'll get you some hot water. Wash your face and feet and sleep in my room."
	Bright stopped her and said, "Let's stay with Grandpa."
	"No, what you need most now is rest," Rose insisted. "What would I do if you fell, too? Who am I going to rely on?"
	"I won't fall." Bright looked at her eyes and said, "I will be your back forever."
	"Darling, thank you." Rose was filled with gratitude.
	"What I did is paid off." Bright pulled her back and sat her down again. "I have sent the others to rest. Let's spend the night together."
	Rose let right rest on her shoulder. "You can have a rest and be with me like this."
	"Yes." Bright then listened to Rose and rested on her.
	In this way, they did not say anything, just spending the night quietly.
	The next morning, Francis's housekeeper and assistant came on behalf of the Lee family with a white wreath and many other things.
	Although this represented that the Lee family attached importance to Wilfred's funeral, it was more convincing that Bright could stay here to deal with these matters.
	But Rose did not expect that they were accompanied by Joy, but she came alone without Chandler.
	Only when she saw the funeral hall in the main room did she believe that her father was really gone.
	She walked slowly down the hall and looked at her father's picture. He smiled so happily.
	Joy, with tears in her eyes, knelt down in front of her father and cried bitterly, "Dad, I am back. Dad..."
	Then she lost control and cried out loud.
	Rose didn't feel sad as she watched Joy cry, and wanted to drive Joy away.
	Rose was about to walk to Joy when Bright took her hand and told her not to do it with a serious look in his eyes.
	So she stopped and held back her anger.
	Joy burned some Joss paper and bowed to her father. Then she got up and walked to Bright and Rose, saying, "Bright, Rose, thank you. As daughter, I didn't fulfill my duty to take care of my father and have incommoded you so much."
	"It's not tiring to stay whole night with Grandpa. Instead, Ms. Young must be tired since you took such a long journey to the small village," said Rose ridiculously.
	But Bright remained polite to Joy, "Mom, this is what we should do. You must be tired now. Take a rest first."
	"Yes." Joy nodded.
	"I don't think Grandpa wants to see you." Rose's meaning was clear.
	"Rose, I just want to be with your grandfather for the last few days. If there is anything else, let's talk about it later, shall we?" Joy didn't want to look for trouble.
	"I have nothing to talk to you." Rose looked at Joy coldly, making Joy feel uncomfortable.
	"Rose, I don't want to argue with you." Joy pressed her lips.
	"You should never have come."
	"But I'm his daughter and I just wanted to see him off one last time."
	"My grandparents disowned you long ago."
	Joy bit her lips and looked at her daughter who was hostile to her.
	In her father's funeral hall, she didn't want to cause any trouble, so she looked at Bright and asked him for help.
	Bright also didn't want to see them fight with each other, and he pulled Rose away from grandpa's funeral hall and said to her, "Just one word."
	"If you want to say something good for her, I advise you not." Rose flatly rejected him.
	"Rose, I know you have a lot of resentment towards your mother, but what others will think if you have quarrels with your mother when Grandpa's funeral hasn't been finished? That will only make yourself a joke. So, put the overall situation first." Bright patiently analyzed the stakes for her. "You promised you will listen to me. Keep your word."
	Rose pressed her lips stubbornly, looking at Bright who had done so much for her.
	She could not bear to increase his burden, so she said, "Yes, I promise you, but I do it for Grandpa's sake and for your sake. It doesn't mean I'll forgive or accept her."
	"I know my wife is most reasonable." Bright smiled lightly. "We have to send Grandpa away happily."
	When the time came, all the villagers came with leaden hearts to see Wilfred off and comforted Bright and Rose, but they were surprised to see Joy.
	"I didn't expect Joy to be back."
	"Yeah, we thought you weren't coming back."
	"Why are you alone? Where's your husband?"
Chapter 418 Their Friends and Relatives
	"I heard that you marry to a rich man. Why don't you bring him back?"
	"Well, there are many rules in the rich families, and we can't poke our nose into it."
	"Yes. I still think Zach is a better choice. I didn't know why Joy chose another man."
	Joy didn't tell Chandler that she was back home as she knew that there must be gossips about her.
	After all, many people knew that she and Zach fell in love, and they thought Joy and Zach would get married.
	But she left and Zach died.
	Zach had a better choice back then, as the village leader's daughter loved him, but he only loved Joy.
	Joy did not regret choosing Chandler, but she did not want to admit that Zach died because of her.
	"Well, if you've worshiped Wilfred, please go so that others can come in." Bill got a hint from Bright and led the people out.
	Joy did not rest, but wore in mourning dress waiting by the funeral hall, giving thanks to the guests. No matter what others said, she didn't answer back.
	Rose could see that Joy had endured the scold, but Rose didn't help her. When the funeral finished, they were no longer related.
	It was rainy the next day. The sky was so gloomy, just like Rose's mood these two days. Rose was very unhappy.
	Only few people of the village came. Rose sat under the eaves looking at the rain, when some people came.
	She stood up and saw many people came in. The familiar faces made Rose's eyes red.
	Nora and Alan, Jayden and Sia, William and Jane, Matthew, and even Sky.
	Harry, David, Stefan... His best friends and relatives were here.
	They all had their own jobs to attend to, but they put aside their own business to come here, just to comfort and accompany Rose and Bright.
	Rose would never forget the friendly care for the rest of her life.
	Regardless of the rain, Rose trotted forward and hugged Nora. She couldn't help but cry on Nora's shoulder.
	"Rose, why didn't you tell me? If we hadn't heard the news at the resort, you wouldn't have told us and handled all the things by yourself, right?" Nora scolded Rose, but she was more concerned about Rose.
	"It's not easy to come to the village. I don't want to bother you." Rose released Nora. "And you have your work to do."
	"We are best friends, and no matter how far it will be, I will come to accompany you." Nora wiped the tears for Rose. "Nothing is as important as yours right now."
	"Rose, don't be sad," Sia comforted.
	"Thanks, Sia, I'm fine, but you guys came all this way. I'm so grateful." Rose's eyes were red, and she felt moved.
	"Rose, I didn't want her to come, but she insisted, so I have to listen to her." Jayden gave Sia a whining look.
	"Jayden, don't be naughty." Nora teased Jayden.
	"Jayden, cherish the person when she's still around you." Rose was more open-minded after her grandfather's death.
	Then Rose hugged her friends one by one.
	She came to Sky, who stared at her pale face and said, "Rose, I'm sorry I'm late."
	"No, thank you, Sky." Rose smiled.
	She was about to open her arms to Sky, but Bright hugged Rose in his arms and stretched out his hand to Sky, saying, "Mr. Tanner, thank you for coming here."
	Sky looked at Bright's hand stretched out in front of him and smiled. He did not mind Bright's rejection and shook hands with him.
	Bright was so jealous that Nora could not help laughing.
	"He's also my Grandpa, so it stands to reason why I come here." In Sky's heart, Wilfred was his Grandpa.
	Bright also shook hands with Rose's friends to show his thanks.
	"Bright, since we're here, let's do whatever we can for you." Harry looked at Bright, who hadn't slept for two days. "Take care of yourself."
	"Man will die. Don't be too sad."
	Rose and Bright had accepted the fact that Grandpa had passed away.
	Then all the friends worshiped Wilfred and burned some Joss paper.
	The night was enlivened by the arrival of Rose's friend.
	This night was the last night.
	Tomorrow they were going to cremate Rose's grandfather.
	Bright had wasted a lot of time since he got married. He couldn't waste any more time here because there were more important things for him to deal with.
	Rose knew that Bright had done too much for her, so she wanted to keep the procedure simple.
	They would set out at 4 a.m. for the cremation and finish the burial before 11 a.m.
	Grandfather and grandmother were buried together, as Grandpa wished.
	They wouldn't let him have any more regrets.
	Everyone presented a chrysanthemum on Grandpa's grave to express mourning.
	Rose was calm in the whole process. She calmly accepted the fact that her grandfather had left her forever and was buried with her grandmother as he had wished.
	As soon as her Grandpa's funeral was over, Rose wanted to go home.
	Bright, on the other hand, was worried about her. "Why don't you rest here today and leave tomorrow morning?"
	"No, I'm fine, and I can rest on the plane." Rose reached out her hand to caress Bright's face. The stubble on his jaw gave him a languid, attractive charm. "I want to go home."
	Bright kissed her hands gently and said, "Alright."
	So they all left the village together.
	As the villagers watched the luxury cars leave one by one, they were all envious of Rose's good luck.
	After a long journey, they finally arrived home at three o'clock in the afternoon.
	As there were things to deal with in City H, they returned to the Asgard Lake Community.
	Both Bright and Rose had decided to go back to City J to start a new life when they finished the matters here.
	The next day, Rose went to see Grandma at the Linder Family to tell to her that she was about to go to City J.
	Grandma congratulated Rose and told her not to worry about her.
	An hour later Rose left the Linder Family and then went to a testing institute.
	Rose gave two samples for identification to the staff, "Could you please help me do the DNA test? Thank you."
	"It's urgent. Can I get the result in three days?" Rose wouldn't be at City H much longer.
	"Yes."
	"Thanks a lot." Rose was relieved.
	She didn't want to leave it a doubt in her mind. She wanted to know her true origins.
Chapter 419 The Title of Mrs. Lee's Is really Useful
	When Rose returned to the company, she clearly felt that her colleagues' attitudes toward her were different.
	They treated her very friendly, and even with awe, as if they were afraid of offending her.
	Rose also raved that it was really nice to have a rich and powerful husband. The title of Mrs. Lee's was really useful. It could drive away those who had evil minds.
	But she treated everyone as usual.
	The first thing she needed to do now was to hand in her resignation to Matthew.
	It was the second time she had quit, and she might never come back.
	Matthew looked at the resignation letter Rose had put on his desk and felt a little depressed. "The day comes at last. I know that you will not come back this time. Losing such a capable subordinate and bosom friend as you is a great loss for me."
	"Mr. Sue, even if I'm no longer your subordinate, we're still friends." Rose smiled and extended her hand to Matthew. "You're welcome to my place any time."
	"Well, you've gotten used to be Mrs. Lee now." Matthew reached over to shake her hand. "Take care, Rose."
	"You, too." Rose nodded, "Before I leave, I will try to finish the work and hand it over. Rest assured that I will not drop the ball."
	"I never worry about that." Matthew appreciated Rose's way of working, so he was willing to make friends with her. "Since you are leaving, let's have a dinner together today."
	"I'm not available tonight, but lunch is fine. I'll treat you." Rose released his hand and her eyes looked bright. She had recovered from the sad fact that her grandfather had passed away.
	"Well, I'll ask my secretary to book a restaurant. We'll start at exactly eleven fifty." Matthew readily accepted the offer.
	Rose went off to do her own business. She wanted to get everything done as soon as possible before she left.
	At noon, Rose and Matthew had lunch together. The environment of the restaurant was very quiet. In the corner, a young girl was playing a piano, which was greatly pleasant to the ear.
	"It's a nice place." Rose took a sip of lemonade.
	"Yes, it's quiet and elegant," Matthew cut the steak.
	"How is your mother? Have you worked things out with Miss Shaw?" Rose show some care for his recent situation.
	Matthew gently put a small piece of steak in his mouth, and then he said slowly, "I went to the police station to pick up my mother that day and came home, and Velina cleared things up in front of my mother."
	"She said I didn't have sex with her at all, so she and I are innocent. She also told my mother that she would not pester me and would apologize to me."
	"My mother didn't say anything, but the next day she went home with Velina. Maybe she wouldn't intervene in my life anymore. Wyatt and I can live a peaceful life again. I suddenly felt that such life is happiest."
	Matthew smiled slightly. He raised the goblet and gave the wine a few slow shakes.
	"Congratulations." Rose raised her glass to Matthew.
	Matthew clinked his glass against hers and had a sip.
	But suddenly, a loud sound sounded in the hall. And it attracted the attention of Rose and Matthew.
	Two tables away, a waitress was slapped by a woman and fell to the ground with the drinks she was carrying.
	Matthew paused a bit, but he didn't take a look at that waitress. And then he finished the wine in one gulp and put it down gently.
	Rose felt the waitress was familiar, but she didn't remember where she had seen her.
	"Lana George, if you dare to seduce my husband again, I won't just slap you." The noble woman wearing jewelries pinched the waitress's chin fiercely and said, "You have a beautiful face. But I would like to see how you are going to seduce men if you are disfigured. Shame on you!"
	"Mrs. Harper, you mistook me. I did not seduce Mr. Harper. Mr. Harper said there's a shrew at home and thought I am gentle and considerate, so he always pesters me to drink and chat with him. Mrs. Harper should know better than I what kind of man Mr. Harper is..." In the face of the vicious women, Lana was not timid at all. "You can't keep your man by your side, so you pick on other women. How ridiculous it is."
	"How... How shameful you are!!" Mrs. Harper was furious, and was about to slap Lana, "I have to tear you apart!"
	"Are you going to hit me just because you can't outargue me?" Lana's beautiful eyes shone with a look of sarcasm.
	Just as Mrs. Harper was going to hit Lana, her hand was caught in the air. She turned around and saw it was Matthew who was holding her arm. "Oh, it's Mr. Sue, you'd better not interfere into other's business! This woman is a seductress, and you'll be in bad luck if you are pestered by her."
	"Mrs. Harper, don't go too far!" Matthew said coldly and shook her hand away.
	"Mr. Sue, do you know how the men ended up with when they were with her? Some went bankrupt, some got divorced, and some even lost their lives... I hope Mr. Sue won't be the next one who will be in bad luck. And she deserves to be taught with a lesson!"
	"Mrs. Harper, it's against the law to hit people!" Rose could not withstand it.
	Mrs. Harper looked aside at Rose and warned her, "Take good care of your man, or it'll be too late when he's lured away."
	"Mrs. Harper, Mr. Sue is only a friend of mine. My husband is Bright Lee. If he knows what you said..." Rose just smiled lightly and didn't finish the words. Her overtone was evident.
	Rose never wanted to hold anyone down with her identity, but she wouldn't show any respect for a woman like Mrs. Harper.
	When Mrs. Harper heard Bright's name, she unconsciously trembled and looked embarrassed.
	"Oh, it's Mrs. Lee. I'm sorry that I didn't recognize you. Could you not put that in your heart? Don't upset Mr. Lee with this petty thing. I will punish myself."
	With that, Mrs. Harper slapped herself on the mouth.
	Rose looked indifferent and did not say a word, and Mrs. Harper did not dare stop.
	Seeing Mrs. Harper's red and swollen face and mouth, Rose said, "Mrs. Harper, you'd better go to the doctor."
	As if granted amnesty, Mrs. Harper fled with her friends.
	Lana, supporting a table, stood up and looked at Rose and Matthew, "Mr. Sue, Mrs. Lee, thank you."
	Matthew didn't respond, but made his way back to the table first.
	Rose took a look at Matthew and then comforted Lana, "You're welcome. I can't bear to see others being so unreasonable. I don't think Mrs. Harper will really let it go. You have to be more carefu."
	"I see." Lana then said, "Let me treat you the meal."
	"Thanks, but not this time. Just continue with your work." Rose then turned and left.
Chapter 420 He Acted Oddly
	Rose and Matthew left the restaurant after they finished the meal.
	Matthew didn't say anything all the way. He just looked out of the window, with his eyebrows tightened together, as if he had something on his mind.
	"What's wrong? You haven't spoken since you left the restaurant." Rose felt Matthew was a bit odd.
	"Nothing." Matthew smiled dryly and shook his head.
	Rose didn't ask any further. Everyone has their privacy.
	In the afternoon, Rose asked Amy to make a cup of coffee for her. "I don't know what's wrong with Mr. Sue. He seemed to be very angry and scolded all the supervisors in the meeting just now. All people trembled in horror," complained Amy, with a cup of coffee in her hand.
	"What are you staring at me for?" Rose took a sip of her coffee.
	"Didn't you have lunch with Mr. Sue? Did you offend him?" Amy looked at Rose carefully.
	"I offended him?" Rose nudged Amy's forehead with the tip of her finger and said, "What are you thinking of?"
	Amy rubbed her forehead. "Although Mr. Sue is always cold and strict with his subordinates, he has rarely been so angry as today. If it wasn't you who upset Mr. Sue, then what happened to him?"
	"Don't be gossipy. Focus on your work." Rose said to Amy.
	"Mr. Sue is the president of the company. It's reasonable that we care about him." Amy cupped her chin in her hand, "Mr. Sue has been a single parent for so many years, and is abstained from sex for too long. Do you think that's the reason he is being so angry? Should we fix him up?"
	"How could you know so much? That's not the thing we should interfere into." Rose thought Amy was thinking too much. "Alright, let's go to work."
	"You are on good terms with Mr. Sue. Aren't you concerned about him?" Amy said before she left.
	Rose went on working. But suddenly, something flashed through her mind. She stopped typing and recalled what had happened.
	She suddenly realized that Lana looked alike the woman with heavy makeup she met in the underground parking lot last time.
	At that time, Matthew was also a bit strange. What he acted today was out of his character. Was it related to Lana?
	If so, then Matthew's anger might have been justified.
	Although Rose had this idea in her heart, she didn't call Matthew or ask him.
	It was his personal matter and she would not ask him if he did not want to talk about it.
	At the end of the day Rose was waiting for Bright to pick her up. Matthew's car was pulled up in front of her and he said, "Let me take you home."
	"No, thanks. He'll be here in a minute." Rose shook her head.
	Matthew understood and was about to leave when Rose called to him, "Mr. Sue, you have been single for a long time. If you have someone in your mind, go chase her, or you might lose her."
	Matthew was stunned and then looked at Rose with a smile. "You are a bit talkative today."
	"I'll be leaving in a few days. Don't miss me too much," Rose smiled as she spoke.
	"With Mr. Lee around, I dare not do it." Matthew fought back and drove off.
	Matthew first went to pick up his son, and then went to the supermarket to buy some vegetables and daily necessities. After His mother had left, the refrigerator was empty.
	Besides, he had been fed up with the food in the hotel during this period of time and wanted to make something by himself.
	Wyatt got Matthew to buy new Legos and was very happy, playing with toys all the way home.
	As Matthew and Wyatt went to the kitchen with vegetables, Matthew said, "You can't play with your toys until you finish your homework."
	"Yes, Dad."
	Matthew then took off his suit jacket, put on an apron and began to cook.
	Matthew was very skillful at cooking. After all, he had been with his son for many years alone, and he had grown into a master of cooking from the man who knew nothing.
	Soon, he had the meal ready.
	"Wyatt, dinner's ready. Go wash your hand and have dinner," Matthew said to Wyatt.
	Wyatt then went to wash his hands and helped Matthew with his meal.
	They sat at a table with two dishes and a soup: beef fried with celery, stir-fried spinach, and a tomato-and-egg soup.
	Matthew filled some soup for Wyatt. "Have some soup before you eat," he said. "You have to finish the rice today. Only when you become strong, can you protect the people you want to protect."
	"Yes, Dad," Wyatt picked up the soup and took a sip. "Daddy, I want to protect Doris when I grow up."
	"Why?" Matthew's hand paused.
	"I like her. She's my best friend." Wyatt's eyes were lit up as he spoke of Doris.
	"There's something I need to tell you. Doris may be leaving the school." Matthew stared at his son.
	"Why?" Wyatt's happy face crumpled with disappointment and he lost the appetite. "I don't want her to leave. I'll lose my best friend. I don't want to lose my best friend."
	"Doris's parents are going back to work in City J, so Doris is going to school in City J. Although you are apart, you are still best friends."
	"You can talk on the phone video so you can meet each other. Dad will take you to see her when the holiday comes, and she can visit you when she comes back to City H."
	Matthew patiently analyzed the situation for his son, "The transportation is well developed, and you can meet her whenever you want to, or you can go to her when you grow up, right?"
	When Wyatt heard that, he thought it made sense. "Dad, you're right. We are always good friends wherever Doris is."
	Matthew stroked Wyatt's hair. "Good. Have dinner."
	Wyatt then gulped the food in his bowl.
	After the meal, Matthew cleaned the kitchen and checked his son's homework.
	Wyatt was now learning to play go, and Matthew played with Wyatt whenever he was free.
	When it was time to sleep, he would let his son take a shower and go to bed. Before sleep, he would read some stories to Wyatt, and then go about his business when Wyatt fell asleep.
	The dustbin needed to be empty as the rubbish was full, so he went downstairs to throw out the rubbish and smoked a cigarette by the way.
	After smoking a cigarette, and the smell of smoke was blown away, he went back home.
	Just as he stepped on the stairs, he stopped, turned his head and glanced around. Then he fixed his cold eyes on a place and said, "Who's that? Come out."
	But no one responded him.
	Matthew turned and headed for a row of underbrush. It was dark under the tall trees there. If he hadn't looked closely, he wouldn't have noticed someone was there, let alone that the person dressed in black.
Chapter 421 Your Trick in Front of Him Is Useless
	It was a woman. She squatted beside the big tree, circled herself with her arms, and looked down. Her long black hair hung down at the back, looking like silks and satins.
	Matthew could not see her clearly, but found that her shoulders were trembling gently.
	Matthew carefully stared at her for a while, his eyes as cool as the night.
	He did not say a word, turned around, and was about to leave.
	The woman heard his footsteps and glanced at his moving figure, saying weakly, "You... don't go."
	Matthew paused and did not turn around, his voice low, "What are you doing here?"
	The woman swallowed twice, not knowing how to speak.
	"You shouldn't come!" Matthew's voice was full of anger. He was displeased that this woman appeared around his house.
	"I..." The woman pursed her lips, her eyes watery, "I just come to thank you for helping me today. Thank you."
	"In fact, I was unwilling to do it. If it were just me here, I wouldn't have interfered. You were lucky that Mrs. Lee couldn't bear to see it. So, I lent a hand. Don't overthink it."
	Matthew said in a cold and harsh tone. He didn't soften at all and disassociate himself from what he had done.
	"Get the hell out of here."
	After saying this, Matthew continued to go away, as if he didn't want to stay here for a second longer.
	"Matthew," The woman saw that he was going to leave and called out to him sharply.
	"Ms. George, please call me Mr. Matthew," Matthew corrected her, and did not plan to stop at all.
	He quickly walked out of the low bushes and headed for the opposite building.
	The woman was anxious. She hesitated, gritted her teeth, and finally chased after him recklessly. Her pace was a little unstable.
	She instinctively reached out to pull his wrist without thinking. But just as she touched Matthew's skin, he raised his hand to shake her off.
	The woman's centre of gravity was unstable. Besides, there was injury on her ankle. So, she fell to the ground after being shaken off by Matthew.
	The rough ground cut the skin of her delicate palm and arm. She endured the pain on her ankle and hand and didn't dare to scream again.
	Matthew turned to look at the woman who was slowly sitting on the ground. His eyes were cold and full of anger.
	"Lana, enough! Your trick in front of me is useless!" Matthew's face was calm.
	Lana looked up at his distinctly chiseled face with her soft eyes.
	His indifference made her feel that he kept a distance from her. She could not get close to him even if she tried her best to reach out.
	"Matthew, I didn’t." Lana shook her head, defending herself.
	"What are you trying to do this time?" Matthew frowned, ignoring the sadness in her eyes.
	He would never forget in his life how vicious she was behind her beautiful face.
	It was because of this face that he had believed in her. So, he paid a terrible price.
	"I just wanted to come and see you." Lana was serious, "I just want to quietly watch you from afar, and did not want to disturb you."
	"Do you think I'll believe you when you say that?" Matthew sneered with heavy irony, "You want to see how poor I was during the years you abandoned me?
	Now you see, I am leading a good life. Does it disappoint you? I am no longer the Matthew who would believe in your deceitful bullshit again!
	Lana, you know what? I feel sick when I see you now. Even breathing the air of the same place with you is unbearable to me. So, please stay away from me as far as possible."
	Lana felt hurt after hearing these words. She felt a tight pain in her chest and her face looked extremely pale in the night. With her long black hair, she was like a charming ghost.
	Matthew bent over and leaned towards her, his black eyes meeting her almond-like eyes. He showed the disgust and hatred in his eyes towards Lana clearly, so that Lana could deeply feel that every word he said was true.
	He did dislike her.
	Lana had many thoughts in her mind when she was found by him. The only thing she was sure of was that he would definitely hate her.
	She had repeatedly persuaded herself. But when he said those harsh words, she couldn't really ignore it.
	Her eyes were wet. Tears blurred her eyes and reddened them.
	She quickly looked away before the tears fell down, not wanting him to see her tears and to think that she was pretending to be pitiful in front of him.
	"Is it hard for you to listen to these words? Back then, what you said was even harder than I did. But I don't think you'll remember these insignificant things and people. Well... I forgot how heartless Ms. George is. You never care about these words at all."
	Lana did not answer. Her eyelashes lightly trembled and she slowly picked herself up from the ground.
	"Mr. Matthew, I'm sorry for the disturbance." Lana bowed slightly.
	"I'm glad you know it." Matthew said.
	Lana looked down and could hold back her tears anymore. Tears dripped on the ground at the moment when she turned her back to him.
	Lana took the opportunity to calm herself down.
	She straightened herself up again to face Matthew. Her eyes were brighter and clearer than before and had no tears.
	She turned around with a smile. She had fallen and twisted her ankle in the restaurant and was limping now.
	The dim streetlight stretched her slender figure....
	Matthew did not leave, but watched her go further and further.
	He frowned for a moment, and then relaxed. Without another glance, he turned and stepped up, his tall figure disappearing inside the door of the building.
	He went upstairs and sat down in the living room.
	He reached into his trouser pocket and took out the box of cigarettes. He took one and lit it, lifting it to his thin lips.
	The white smoke blurred his cool and handsome face.
	He just stared at somewhere, lost in thought.
	It wasn't until the ash burned into Matthew's fingers that he shook his hand and threw it away, only to find his son standing in the corridor to the bedroom.
	Wyatt raised his hand and rubbed his drowsy eyes, "Daddy...."
	"Why are you awake?" Matthew asked him, "It's cold. Hurry to go to bed."
	"I'm going to the bathroom." Wyatt walked towards Matthew with a childish voice, "Daddy, why aren't you asleep? And you're smoking. Are you missing Mommy?"
	Matthew paused and reached out to hold his shoulder, "Why do you say that?"
	"Because I know that Daddy is missing Mommy when you smoke." Wyatt looked like he knew it anyway, "Daddy, I miss Mommy too. Let's go get her back, okay?"
Chapter 422 Their Story
	Matthew looked at his son's tender face and eager eyes with mixed feelings.
	He didn't know how he was going to tell Wyatt about his mother.
	He couldn't say it, and didn't want to.
	In the past, Wyatt was young and easy to cheat. But now, he grew up day by day and knew more things. Some of his words could no longer fool him.
	"Daddy is sleepy. Let's go to bed together." Matthew had no choice but to avoid the question and change the subject.
	He picked up Wyatt and headed for the bedroom, placing Wyatt on the cute children's bed.
	Matthew sat on the edge of the bed and reached over to stroke the top of Wyatt's head, "Sleep. Daddy will be here with you."
	"Daddy, is it true that Mommy doesn't want us?" Wyatt mustered the courage to ask this question once more.
	He stared at Matthew with round eyes, hoping that Matthew could answer him.
	Matthew thought for a long time before he said, "It's not that Mommy doesn't want us. She just can't live with us anymore."
	"Why?" Wyatt asked, "Does Mommy have a new family and other babies? So... she doesn't love me. Am I superfluous?"
	Matthew felt heartbroken when he heard Wyatt thinking this about himself, "Honey, it's not like that. You are Daddy's favorite baby. How can you be superfluous? Don't think nonsense."
	"I'm just your baby, but not Mommy's." Wyatt still couldn't get over it, "Daddy, is it because I was not good that Mommy got angry and left? I'll be good from now on. Will she come back?"
	"No." Matthew didn't want Wyatt to take the blame on himself, "It really has nothing to do with you. This is a problem between Daddy and Mommy. Don't blame yourself."
	"Daddy, I want a Mommy." Wyatt was envious that everyone else had a mother, especially the gentle Rose, "I want a Mommy who is as gentle as Aunt Rose. I want to have my Mommy's love like Doris. I... don't want to be teased by others that I am a child without a Mommy."
	Every word Wyatt said was from his heart. He was heartbroken and sad, and eager.
	Matthew reached out to hug Wyatt and comforted him, "It's Daddy's fault. But Daddy has to tell you the truth. You are a child with a Mommy. But your Mommy has left us to go to another world. So, she will never come back...."
	Wyatt's tiny body stiffened in Matthew's arms.
	"But Daddy will love you twice as much." Matthew knew this would break Wyatt's heart and his hopes. But he had to do this.
	Maybe Wyatt would be sad at the moment. But he would be fine after a while. He was a child after all. Neither the happiness nor the unhappiness would stay in his heart for long.
	"Yes, Daddy, I know." Wyatt said in his arms.
	"Then sleep." Matthew tucked him in again.
	After Wyatt fell asleep again, he got up and left for a rest.
	Matthew went to work the next day and met Rose in front of the elevator. They took the elevator up together.
	"You look pale and have dark circles under your eyes. Didn't you sleep well last night?" Rose saw that his eyes were slightly red and bloodshot.
	Matthew frowned, "Is it so obvious?"
	"Everyone can see it." Rose teased him, "What's bothering Mr. Matthew so much? Why don't you tell me? Maybe I can help you."
	Matthew stared at Rose deeply, "Is Mrs. Lee so gossipy? Aren't you afraid that Mr. Bright might get angry?”
	"He won't be jealous of you." Rose thought it was no big deal.
	When the elevator reached the floor where the design department was, Rose waved at him, "Mr. Matthew, goodbye."
	"Don't you want to hear the gossip? Come with me." Matthew was upset and wanted to talk to someone. Rose was indeed a good listener.
	Rose smiled lightly, stopped, and came to the twenty-second floor with Matthew.
	Along the way, the employees greeted Matthew and Rose. They entered his office together.
	"There is 15 minutes before the morning meeting." Rose sat down inside the couch and raised her wrist to check the time.
	Matthew had two cups of coffee made and took off his suit jacket, then sat down on the couch.
	"I know the waiter we met in the restaurant yesterday." Matthew said after a long silence and hesitation.
	"I can see that." Rose looked at him, "Did you get involved with her? Or is she your ex-wife?"
	Matthew raised his eyebrows gently and looked at Rose meaningfully, "Are you really not a journalist?"
	"I'm just intuitive." Rose said, "Everyone thought you were very strange when we got back from lunch yesterday. I concluded that you may have some relations with that beautiful woman by a process of elimination."
	"We did have some entanglements. But she's not my ex-wife." Matthew denied Lana's identity while admitting their past.
	"She's not your ex-wife?" Rose was surprised, "That time in the underground parking lot, Wyatt seemed to call her Mommy."
	"Because Wyatt had accidentally seen a few pictures of her that I had forgotten to put away. He thought she was his Mommy." Matthew was helpless. He had explained, but Wyatt just wouldn't listen to him, "I wasn't married."
	Rose picked up her coffee and looked at him, "Mr. Matthew, I'm really more curious about your past. So is Wyatt your child with her?"
	"I claimed to be divorced because I didn't want Wyatt to have a reputation as an illegitimate child." Matthew sighed slightly, "I used to be a teacher at a university. Lana happened to be in college that year.
	She was so beautiful that she had many suitors. Some of them used dirty tricks to get her. I happened to meet her and save her. Later, she invited me to dinner to thank me, and often ask me for advice. Gradually, we became familiar.
	We liked each other, but no one said it out loud. We just got along like friends. Later, when she was a sophomore, someone reported me to seduce my student. I was suspended from class for investigation because the reporter provided a picture of me and her kissing after drinking. The evidence was conclusive.
	The consequence was very serious. The school was going to fire me. When she knew about it, she went to the school leaders and said that I didn't seduce her, that she was my girlfriend. We were unmarried men and women and it was normal for us to be together.
	But after all, I was a teacher. My affair had a bad influence on the school and did not want to affect her future studies. So, I resigned and left, going back to my hometown to start over.
	I didn't expect Lana to come to me during that winter break. Looking at her red face, I had a thought that I would protect her for the rest of my life and not let her get hurt in any way."
Chapter 423 Mrs. Lee Should Offer Yourself
	"At that time, before I confessed, she asked me whether I could be her boyfriend. That's how we got together. She continued her education and I stayed in the city to work. She would come to see me whenever she had a holiday, or I would go to see her. We spent the sweetest two years until she graduated.
	Then I didn't know why she became cold. I even caught her hanging out with some rich people. Every time, these men were different. We had a fight and she said we had to break up.
	I was so angry that I agreed without hesitation. Later, I still wanted to make an effort and came to her to try to have a talk. I didn't believe she was a dissolute girl. I thought that something bad had happened to her and that we could solve any problem as long as we were together.
	But when I came to her, she was holding a man and said that he was her boyfriend. She said she was getting married. She said marriage and love were different. If she married me, she had nothing. Only with the rich could she feel safe.
	I didn't believe it. But no matter how I tried to keep her, what she said was getting crueler. I made it clear that I would not break up. I haunted her. Seeing the man trying to kiss her, I was angry and hit him. But he was powerful. Soon, I was retaliated.
	That time, I was broken three ribs, lying in bed for a month before I could get up and move about. She never showed up. At that time, I lost my job and was evicted because I could not pay the rent. When it rained, I didn't even have a place to hide. So, I was really unlucky.
	Then she showed up and gave me a card, asking me to stop pestering her. I was so angry that I slapped her. That was the last time I saw her. I got drunk and woke up in a strange hotel, with nothing on me and no woman. But I knew something that shouldn't have happened had happened.
	Then I came to City H. It took me ten years to get to where I am now. As for Wyatt, six years ago, someone sent me an anonymous email, telling me that there was a child that was my baby at City D Welfare Center for Children and that I should go and adopt him.
	Wyatt was only half a year old when I went there. I took him for a paternity test. He was indeed my child. It reminded me of the woman I had a one-night stand with. But until now I still don’t know who she was.
	I tried to find it out. But after so many years, there was no clue. So, I just let it go. Now, I only want to live a good life with Wyatt. But I never thought I would meet Lana again in this city.
	The world is not too big. I've only met her a few times while she was surrounded by different rich people. Last night, she came downstairs to my house and looked pitiful. But I was not as happy as I had imagined."
	After saying his story with Lana, Matthew felt that he put down a heavy burden in his heart and was much more relaxed.
	"Is my story with her very tacky?" Matthew mocked lightly.
	"No, that's how things seem real." Rose, after listening to this long story, was also wondering why Lana had changed so much, "Was she coming to you to start over with you?"
	Matthew shook his head, "No. Even if she wanted it, I would never be with her again. What happened back then hurt me too much that I can't forgive her. And I don't want to suffer any more. I'm forty years old. I can't afford to recommit the same error."
	"Mr. Matthew is now in your prime time as a man. Besides, you don't look like a forty-year-old at all." Rose thought Matthew was at most thirty-five.
	"I'm glad you said that." Matthew looked up at the clock on the wall, "It's time for the meeting. Thank you for listening to me so much."
	"I'm honored to share your worries." Rose didn't feel dull, but happy that he could tell her about it, "Mr. Matthew, you don't have to worry so much. Follow your heart and your true feelings. You'll get the answer."
	"Thanks." Matthew nodded.
	Then, they started working as if nothing had happened.
	Three days later, Rose went to pick up the paternity test report from the testing center of the hospital.
	She did not open it on the spot, but returned to the car and sat for a while. Then, she calmly opened the report, skimmed the front, and finally looked at the conclusion, which read No Relationship.
	Rose had long been prepared. She had also thought that she and Chandler were not biological father and daughter.
	She had no disappointment or regrets, but rather was relieved and at ease inside.
	Rose put the report away and called Bright, "I'll pick Doris up later and take her home. Can you come back on time today?"
	"Yes." Bright was responsive to Rose. As long as she asked, he would definitely come to her side against all odds.
	Rose went grocery shopping and picked up Doris. Today, she had given the servant a day off and wanted to cook herself.
	By the time she was ready for dinner, Bright was back on time.
	Rose said as she saw him step into the living room, "Go wash your hands and eat."
	Bright walked into the dining room and hugged Rose, who was serving the dishes, "Are you making all these delicious dishes to feed me, so that I won't go out looking for other women?"
	"You can think so if you want." Rose smiled sweetly and seemed to be in a good mood.
	"Mrs. Lee, I need to give you an advice." Bright rested his jaw on her shoulder and pressed his thin lips to her ear.
	"What? Just say it."
	"These dishes are good. But they're not as good as Mrs. Lee. If you really want to feed me, you should offer yourself." Bright lightly kissed her white and small earlobe.
	Rose felt his wet tongue and couldn't help but tremble lightly.
	She pulled his hand off and turned to him. She reached for his tie, her red lips near his thin ones, and said softly, "Dream on."
	With that, she put her palms on his chest and was about to push him away.
	Bright naturally did not want her to succeed. He clasped her hand and clipped it behind her back, holding her easily against the edge of the dining table.
	Bright smiled and quickly kissed her on the soft lips. The hot and wet kiss easily made Rose obsessed and addicted to his superb kissing skills.
	"You're right. I am just dreaming." Bright bit her slightly before releasing her.
	After the kiss, Rose's lips were red and swollen. She glared at Bright, who was satisfied, "You bad guy."
	Bright smiled more brightly and reached out to pinch her cheek, "I am going to change my clothes."
	"Tell Doris to come for dinner now."
	"OK."
Chapter 424 Do As You Please
	Bright went upstairs and changed into gray home casual clothes. He carried Doris down, stepped towards the dining room, and put her into the chair.
	Rose saw Bright's face. It seemed that he doted on Doris.
	"She has grown up. Why are you carrying her down? Can't she walk on her own?" Rose, however, worried that Bright would spoil Doris.
	"She's my daughter no matter how old she is." Bright didn't care about that, "Even if I spoil her, I can make her carefree all her life."
	This was true. With Bright's wealth, Doris would not spend the wealth he left to her all her life.
	"What are you saying? Do you want to raise her as a waste?" Rose was very dissatisfied with Bright's statement and action, "She is also my daughter. Anyway, you cannot spoil her like that anymore. Otherwise, I will punish you together."
	"Mom is so mean." Doris pouted.
	Bright and Doris looked at each other. Rose saw their eyes and said to Bright, "Do you think I'm mean?"
	"No. You have a point." How dare Bright refute her?
	"Since you guys both dislike me, I'll give you a suggestion. You little guy can change your mother, and you can change your wife." Rose put the bowl in front of Bright, and smiled lightly, did not seem to be angry at all.
	"It has only been a few days since the wedding. What are you saying?" Bright put the bowl in front of Doris, "Whoever wants to change will change. We won't anyway, right, honey?"
	"Yeah." Doris echoed, nodding heavily to show her intention.
	"Then it's settled. Doris needs to be independent in the future. You can't spoil her too much as her father." Rose got a satisfactory answer before sitting down, "Let's eat."
	The family began to eat happily, as if nothing had happened just now.
	After the meal, Rose cleaned up while Bright helped clean the dishes.
	He was friendlier in his gray house clothes than in his suit. He was less cold and tough, and a little softer.
	He was tall and stood in the kitchen to help with the housework, which made Rose feel that he did not belong here.
	"If your staff see you doing housework, do you think it will startle them?" Rose asked him with a sudden thought.
	"They will be too shock and startled." Bright had always been cold in front of others. The way he did housework at home would definitely scare others.
	Rose raised an eyebrow, "Then let's try."
	She took out her phone from her apron and took a picture of Bright.
	Then she edited the text of the photo and posted them into her Moments and Weibo.
	Bright didn't stop her. Rose started to work again, "Aren't you afraid your image will be ruined?"
	"Just do as you please. Don't mind me." Bright's eyes were full of love, "It is OK as long as my image in your heart never changes. I don't care about others."
	He only cared about his image in the heart of the people he cared about, and she was that person for him.
	Whatever she did, he would accept it, except not loving him or leaving him.
	"You are so glib-tongued." Rose said this, but felt sweet inside.
	"You just say no and mean yes." Bright replied.
	Rose glanced at him lightly and ignored him. She was quite happy now anyway and didn't want to bother with him.
	After they finished their business, Rose and Bright went to the living room. Doris was writing her homework at the coffee table.
	When she had homework she couldn't do, Bright patiently explained it to her like a good teacher.
	Rose was relaxed and took out her phone to check her Moments and Weibo.
	As expected, her posts shocked everyone.
	They all said that Bright doing housework really scared them.
	Some people said that this was a fake Mr. Bright.
	But some said that they were showing affection in public, because Bright personally liked and commented that he was willing to do so for life.
	It also became a trending topic on Weibo. No one had ever seen Mr. Bright, who was always lofty, like this. They were so curious and shocked that they all liked and commented the message.
	"Beautiful love! I also want such a nice husband."
	"No, I want a dozen of such a husband."
	"I have just finished my dinner. Unexpectedly, I see them doing PDA now and feel full."
	"Mrs. Lee, may I know how you control your husband?"
	...
	People seemed to be envious and jealous.
	Watching these, Rose unconsciously smiled and personally replied, "Mr. Lee is not to be bought with money."
	Seeing Rose holding her cell phone and smiling there, Bright also took out his cell phone to check it. After seeing Rose's message, he replied, "It's a great honor to have the love of Mrs. Lee."
	Weibo was seething with excitement again.
	Rose also saw Bright's reply and turned to meet his eyes with a secret smile.
	Bright raised the phone in his hand. As long as she pleased, he was glad to play with her.
	After Doris finished her homework, Bright played checkers with her for a while. When it was time, Rose took Doris upstairs to take a bath and put her to bed.
	When she came back to the bedroom, Bright had finished taking a bath and was lying on the bed reading a book.
	Rose took her pajamas to the shower and came out twenty minutes later with slightly wet hair, coming up from the other side of the bed.
	Bright put down his book and took the towel from her hand to dry her hair, "Are you happy?"
	"Yes." Rose's depression was cleared.
	Bright went to fetch a blow dryer to dry her long hair. He was a thoughtful and good husband.
	Rose leaned into his arms, "Actually, I have something to tell you today."
	"Then say it. I'm listening." In fact, Bright knew she must have something when he received her call today.
	Rose leaned over to the nightstand, pulled open the bottom shelf, and handed him one of the file folders inside.
	Bright caught her eyes, then took it and opened it. He pulled out the papers inside, and understood after reading them.
	"I knew you won't let go of this matter and won't give up before getting the answer." Bright put the paper back into the bag and re-tied the thin string at the mouth of the bag, "Since you have done that, have you already made up your mind?"
	"I don't know." Rose shook her head, "I don't know if I should go to her."
	She was referring to her mother, Joy.
	"Why are you going to her? You already know all the things. Why do you have to do this again and upset yourself?" Bright didn't want her to upset herself again because of the past, "Happiness is more important than anything else."
Chapter 425 Who Is my Real Father
	Rose also knew that she should cherish the present and say goodbye to the past.
	But what did Zach, her real father, do wrong? Why should he be cruelly abandoned by the person he loved and even lose his life? Her real mother had never repented and even lived a better life than anyone else.
	"Although I knew my birth and that Zach was my real father and Chandler was not. But she didn't know that I knew it all." Rose grabbed Bright's hand.
	"Why is she still living so well after doing all the bad things? She is enjoying the glory of Mrs. Linder. Why? My father, however, slept his long sleep. He was so young and might have a bright future.
	I cannot forgive my mother for all the evil she did. She must have known all the time that I wasn't Chandler's daughter. So, she was so unkind to me, and so protective of Sophie.
	Sophie is her real daughter, am I not? Just because I'm Zach's daughter, so I've not been treated well. But it really doesn't matter to me now.
	I'm happier now than I've ever been, while her favored daughter is in jail."
	Bright reached out and took her by the shoulders, his voice magnetic, "Whoever you are and whether you are the lady of the Linder family doesn't matter to me at all. You are now my unique Mrs. Lee."
	His deep voice mesmerized her. He kissed her lightly on her forehead.
	Rose buried her face in his neck, greedily smelling his smell. It made her stable and satisfied.
	"I'll be good Mrs. Lee. That's the best identity I can be in this life." Rose kissed the artery on his neck with her soft red lips.
	The tickling feeling spread from the skin on his neck. Bright breathed heavily as his eyes deepened, "Mrs. Lee, you're seducing me."
	"Mr. Lee, that is what I want." Rose smiled brightly and her eyes were red.
	With him, she was lucky and happy enough in her life.
	Bright clasped the back of her head with his large palm and kissed her, eager and wild.
	In the warm light, they were entangled and could hardly separate from each other.
	They had a good night.
	Rose returned to the Linder family the next day after work. Grandma was sitting in the sun in the yard and waved at Rose while seeing her.
	"Grandma." Rose walked over and slightly choked.
	In the Linder family, Grandma was the one who treated Rose best. But she was not Grandma's real granddaughter, which made her feel guilty. Rose did not dare to face her Grandma's care.
	"Why didn't you bring Doris and Bright back home with you?" Grandma took her hand affectionately, "It's been a long time since we've had a nice meal together."
	"Grandma, Bright will come to keep you company after he is free." Rose smiled.
	"Good." Grandma nodded in satisfaction, "Tell Bright to take care of himself even if he's busy with work."
	"I'll take care of him." Rose paused for a moment and looked into Grandma's eyes, "Grandma, would you be sad if... I wasn't your granddaughter?"
	Grandma raised her hand and caressed Rose's face, keeping smiling, "In my heart, you are my nice granddaughter forever."
	"I see. You are also my beloved grandmother for the rest of my life." Rose made up her mind inside that she would always treat Grandma as her own grandmother.
	Rose helped Grandma into the living room and then went upstairs to find Joy.
	Rose knocked on the bedroom door a few times. Joy said to come in.
	Rose pushed the door in. Joy was sitting on the sofa with a picture of Wilfred in her hand.
	She was slightly surprised to see that it was Rose who came in, "You... are back."
	"Is it such a surprise to see me?" Rose walked over and stood in front of her. She looked down at Wilfred's photo on the table, "Grandpa is gone. Don't pretend to do this. No one will see it."
	"Rose, am I that hateful in your heart? Your Grandpa is my father. It's natural for me to miss him as his daughter." Joy said argumentatively, "You may not believe me. But I am sincere."
	"Sincere?" Rose sneered with heavy irony, "Will you be sincere? Isn't the glory you wanted in your heart when you drove a man who loved you so much to death?"
	"Rose, I just wanted to pursue my love and a better life. Was I wrong?" Joy still thought she was not wrong.
	"You were not. It was his fault that he was blinded and fell in love with such a vicious woman like you!" Rose said angrily.
	Joy didn't know why Rose was so angry today, "Rose, we are mother and daughter. Don't break our peace for an irrelevant person."
	"An irrelevant person?" Rose took out a document from her bag and threw it in front of Joy.
	Joy picked up the document and watched it, and then looked at Rose, her face pale, "What is this?"
	"This is the paternity test report of Chandler and I. What is not related to me is the whole Linder family, is this man who has been my father for more than twenty years, and you, a cold-blooded mother." Rose finally let out the anger in her heart.
	Joy stared at the report in her hand and widened her eyes. She hadn't figured out what happened.
	"How did you know about this?" Joy tried her best to calm down, but her voice was still trembling a little.
	She was afraid. Rose could feel her mood at the moment.
	"If you don't want people to know it, the best way is not to do it." Rose faintly said, "You think you've done it with great secrecy. You think you can hide it from the world. But you don't know that the paper cannot cover the fire anyway."
	Joy pinched the corners of the document and even punctured the paper…
	"I asked you how you knew." She spoke up, "Who told you?"
	"Who is my real father?" although Rose had the answer in her mind, she still wanted to hear it from Joy.
	"I don't know." Joy did not admit.
	Rose did not take it seriously and said casually, "Your dear husband doesn't know that I'm not his real daughter, right? If you don't want to tell me about it, it's okay. I'll talk to him."
	Rose said and turned around to leave.
	Joy stared at her tall and slender figure. She was conflicted and painful. But she didn't dare to risk and could only stop Rose.
	She swallowed a few times and met Rose's calm eyes, "He... your real father is Zach."
	"These words are too simple. The more detailed the better." Rose was a bit "insatiable".
Chapter 426 This Was no Longer Her Home
	Rose was threatening her mother. She wanted to know more about her origin.
	In the face of Rose's questioning, Joy clenched her teeth, took a deep breath to calm herself down, "You've already known the result. Does the process still matter to you? I am your mother, at least I've raised you up. Do you have to be so indifferent to me and embarrass me?"
	"I have the right to know everything about myself." Rose answered back, "How I wish you are not my mother! Over the years, how much love you've shown me?"
	"You only care about Sophie, and you never blame her whenever she did those vicious things to me! When she was evicted from the Tanner family, you accompanied her to appeal for intercession."
	"But do you all think the Tanners are idiots? She deserves to be where she is today because she has ruined others' happiness, and she does not deserve to be happy!"
	"What happened to Sophie will happen to you someday. You'll reap what you've sowed. I don't mind if you don't want to tell me the truth. I'll talk to your husband and I have plenty of time to deal with the matter."
	Rose looked at Joy coldly, "I have limited patience with you. It's fine that you don't want to tell me, but if you don't, don't blame me for not interested in listening."
	"Stop!" Joy called Rose before she left, "OK, I will tell you."
	Joy had no choice but to tell the truth.
	She couldn't let Chandler know that Rose was not his daughter, otherwise what she had won so hard would be tattered.
	She risked everything to get where she was. She couldn't afford to lose it.
	She didn't want to end up with nothing.
	"I can tell you everything under the condition that you will not tell him," said Joy.
	"You are not in a position to make terms with me. It depends on my mood and your attitude." Rose had everything in control.
	Joy withstood the embarrassment and dared not say anything. She could only force the tears back.
	"It's true that Zach and I were lovers, but I didn't want to stay in the countryside. I went to college so I could get out of this poor place. I wanted a better life, and I deserved to be with a better man. That was why I met Chandler."
	"What he could give me was what Zach couldn't give me in his whole life. I loved him and he loved me, too. I didn't want to cheat myself or Zach, so I broke up with him."
	"But he didn't let me go and I was pregnant with a baby. That was you. He pestered me, and I couldn't get rid of him. My belly was bulging, and I threatened him with the child, so he let go of me."
	In fact, I never thought of aborting the baby because I told them I was pregnant with Chandler's baby. A doctor told me that it was a boy, and because of you my mother-in-law agreed to let me marry Chandler, and your grandparents accepted me."
	"It's a pity that you were born a girl, and your grandfather didn't like you. I had no way out, and could conceive another child, and that was Sophie. Rose, it's not that I didn't love you, but that I was afraid if I cared too much about you, your grandfather would be dissatisfied with me. Being indifferent to you was just to protect you. Could you understand it?"
	"Except for loving you, I had treated you well, no matter in education, food, clothing, housing or traveling. You grew up healthily and happily, and now you've married a good husband! I'm really happy for you. Could you forgive me?"
	Joy choked with sobs, and her eyes were full of tears, making her look very pitiful.
	Rose, however, was not in the least deceived by her, but insisted on her inner thought, "Forgive you? My mother forced my own father to die. How can you expect me to forgive you?"
	"You used your baby to get into the rich family. You said you conceived a boy because you wanted to strengthen your position in the Linder family. You didn't care because you wanted to protect me. What an excuse! To give me a good education was merely to lay a good foundation for a future marriage of interests."
	"But you didn't expect that Sky and I were in love with each other, which just happened to be what you wanted. You were really good to me for that period of time, but you only cared about interests rather than our love!"
	"You are insulting love when you talk about it! When I had an accident, you didn't think about me at all, but to ask Sophie to marry Sky instead. Oh, I will never forget every word you said at that time!"
	"Rose, it was messy. The presses were all around. Seeing is believing, so I had to take the big picture first, but I didn't expect you to leave with the kid."
	"Rose, I know I'm not a good mother. I'm sorry, but please give me a chance. I'll correct myself and be a good mother, OK?" Joy pleaded plaintively.
	But Rose no longer cared about it, "Your love is nothing to me at all. The only reason you want to be nice to me now is because you can't count on Sophie anymore. You only have me now. My marriage to Bright will bring more benefits to the Linder family."
	"It's not like that. No." Joy shook her head, tears streaming down her face.
	"No amount of rationalization could justify your actions." Rose did not want to tell the true from the false. She had learned how to give up the false love and wouldn't feel painful.
	"Rose, I am not asking you to forgive and accept me now, but I will prove to you that I have really known my mistake," Joy insisted.
	"I said it's not necessary! Let Sophie have your love. I don't deserve it," Rose teased herself, "Take care."
	"Rose, where are you going?" Joy ran after her.
	"I am not the daughter of the Linder Family, and this is not my home. Please don't look for me, and I will not be here again." Rose looked around and said, "From now on we'll be strangers."
	"Rose, don't go." Joy stopped her. "We are mother and daughter."
	"Get out of the way," Rose ordered coldly.
	Joy did not move away, but stared at Rose with tears in her eyes.
	Just then Chandler came upstairs and saw Rose and Joy quarreling. "What are you doing?"
	"Mr. Linder, get your wife out of the way," Rose said to Chandler.
	"Joy, don't make a hard time for you daughter." Chandler took Joy away and said to Rose, "Rose, dinner is ready. Now that you are home, just stay here. Call Bright and ask him to have dinner with us."
	"Why bother? This is not my home!" snapped Rose and strode away.
	Chandler was confused, "What was she talking about? She just called me Mr. Linder. Did you annoy her?"
Chapter 427 I Just Wanted to Give Vent to Your Anger
	Joy only frowned deeply and said nothing.
	Chandler added, "We should think in big picture. Don't mess with her. Even if she angers you, you should bear it and don't take it seriously. She is, after all, the top dog in our family."
	"If we offend her, will Bright let go of the Linder Family? Well, maybe there is only me who will be so humble after marrying off the daughter. But Joey, for the sake of the Linder family, just bear it."
	He patted Joy on the shoulder to comfort her.
	Joy did not want to be asked about what happened just now, so she said, "Fine."
	"Go downstairs to have dinner. I have to get changed." Chandler went to the cloakroom.
	Joy's mind was in a mess and she felt upset.
	Rose's resentment toward her was very deep and with the knowledge of her background, she wouldn't take the Linder family seriously anymore.
	In the future, if something happened to the Linder family, she wouldn't offer a hand.
	As Rose said, the Linder family had nothing to do with her from today on.
	Joy worried that Rose would tell Chandler on a whim that she was not his daughter. Then Joy would be in trouble.
	It mattered to her.
	What would the Linder family and Chandler do if they knew that she had cheated on them for more than twenty years? Would they drive her out of the Linder Family?
	Joe felt very uncomfortable at the thought of it, her brows furrowed. As if being pressed by a heavy stone, she lost her breath.
	Suddenly, she caught a glimpse of the paternity test report Rose had left on the coffee table.
	She quickly picked it up and then heard Chandler's footsteps.
	Her heart thumped with fright, and she hid the report in the back drawer of the cupboard under some books.
	"Aren't you going down yet?" Chandler was adjusting the cuffs of his leisure clothes as he watched Joy get up from the cupboard. "Are you looking for something? Should I help you?"
	"No... No, nothing." Joy's face was pale and her expression was a little unnatural. "Come on, let's go down for dinner."
	Joy took Chandler's arm and led him out of the bedroom.
	Chandler felt Joy was very different today. "What's wrong with you today? Why did you look so panic? What was going on between you and Rose and why was she so angry?"
	"Oh, it's nothing." Joy began to find an excuse to fool it around. "Five years ago, we treated her badly as we mistrusted Sophie, so she always had a grudge against us."
	"I just mentioned Sophie, and if she could plead with Sky on behalf of Sophie on the basis of sisterhood, then she said I was biased. I know that Rose has suffered a lot in those years and I have tried my best to make up for it, but she can't move on. I shouldn't have said anything about Sophie."
	Seeing that Joy had admitted her mistake, Chandler didn't reproach her, and said, "Since you know she doesn't want to hear anything about Sophie, why did you bring it up? Sophie hurt Rose last time, and almost claimed Bright's life, but the Lee family did not file a lawsuit against her."
	"But Sophie didn't correct her mistake and hurt Mrs. Tanner, which also almost put her to death. How could you let the Tanner family spare her? You should blame that shit for not correcting her mistakes! She should pay the price."
	"I see." Joy nodded obediently. "It is not a bad thing for her to suffer a little."
	"Yes." Chandler was satisfied to see Joy being reasonable. "I will talk to Bright about what has happened today and ask him to appease Rose. Otherwise, it would do the Linder family no good once the relationship between the Lee family and the Linder family gets tensed."
	Joy agreed.
	Chandler went to the study after dinner and made a phone call to Bright. He first wanted to ask if Rose had said anything to Bright. And then he would say something nice so as not to increase misunderstanding.
	Bright took a glance at Rose, who was reading, when he saw Chandler calling him. "It's your father Chandler."
	"He is not my father." Rose continued to read the book and said, "I have nothing to do with the Linder family."
	"So, he's not my father-in-law?" Bright frowned. "Then I can say what I want."
	"Suit yourself." Rose didn't care at all.
	Bright answered the phone. Different from Rose's soft voice, he said deeply, "What did my father-in-law want call me for?"
	Since Chandler hadn't known that Rose was not his daughter, Bright still called him father-in-law. After all he had raised Rose. Even though he was not Rose's real father, he might be regarded as her stepfather.
	"Bright, how are you and Rose?" Chandler asked gingerly.
	He knew that Bright respected him so he would call him "father-in-law". He didn't call him "Dad" because he hadn't really accepted him yet.
	"It's pretty good." Bright tapped his long finger on his knee. "I heard Rose came back to the Linder Family today. Is there something wrong?"
	"Everything went well, except that she and her mother had some quarrels. I've already criticized her mother. Could you tell Rose not to be angry with her mother? It's not worth losing temper for trifles." Chandler was voluble. "Please comfort her."
	"Of course." Bright agreed.
	"Could you bring Rose and Doris back to the Linder Family for dinner this weekend? We haven't had a meal together as a family for a long time. Rose's Grandma misses you and wants to see Doris." Chandler extended an invitation to Bright.
	Bright replied, "Sure, see you this weekend."
	"Great." Chandler was overjoyed. "See you this weekend."
	Bright hung up the phone and looked at Rose. "Mr. Linder asked us to come to the Linder Family for dinner this weekend. Are you all right with that?"
	"It has nothing to do with me. Just do what you want." Rose felt that now that she knew the truth, there was no need to go there anymore.
	"All right." Bright answered softly.
	"What do you mean?"
	"If Mrs. Lee isn't going, I won't go either."
	"You promised him, and you're not going. Are you fooling him around? Does Mr. Lee like to break his promise?" Rose felt sorry for Chandler.
	"Yes, I'm fooling him around as he pissed Mrs. Lee off." Bright leaned on the back of the sofa and draped his arm casually on the back of the sofa behind her. "I just wanted to vent the anger for you."
	Rose turned to stare into his black eyes, and smiled. "You're bad."
	"I never said I am a good man." Bright curled his lips and smiled wickedly.
Chapter 428 Mrs. Lee Loves Her Friend More than I
	Just then someone called her. Rose picked up her phone and saw that it was Nora.
	"Nora, what's up?" Rose asked.
	"Sorry, I'm not Ms. Cooper, I'm a waitress in the club. Ms. Cooper is drunk. Could you please come and take her away?" The man saw that the last call on the phone was to Rose, so he tried to call her.
	"Okay, I'll be right there. Could you please look after her for a moment? I'll be there soon. Thank you." Rose then asked for the address.
	She got up quickly and went upstairs. Bright followed her when he saw her being so anxious. "What's wrong?"
	"Nora's drunk and I'm going to take her back." Rose trotted upstairs. "I have to go the club, and you take care of Doris."
	Rose went into the bedroom, changed a shirt and a windbreaker, and then went downstairs.
	Bright leaned against the banister, staring at her. "Doesn't she have a husband? Why is she always looking for you? Doesn't she know it will disturb us?"
	"Don't be so mean. Are you jealous of Nora?" Rose held his handsome face in her hands.
	Bright took her hand. "It's late now. I can't rest assured if you drive out alone at night."
	"I'll be careful. Besides, she's my best friend. I can't leave her alone," Rose insisted.
	"I'll call her husband." Bright took out his phone and looked for Alan's phone number.
	Rose stopped him, "She's drunk and it's not good if Alan knows it. Couldn't you be so stingy?"
	"I am that stingy. Don't you know it?" Bright was visibly displeased.
	Rose stood on tiptoe and kissed him on the cheek. "Okay, I'll make it up to you when I get back. Be a good boy."
	"Your friend is much more important to you than me." Bright sighed and watched Rose leave.
	Rose drove to Brightstar Club, but she was not allow to enter.
	"Miss, only VIP members are allowed in. Please show your membership card," said the guard at the door politely.
	"VIP card?" Rose rarely went to these places, so she didn't have a membership card. "Wait a minute, I'll ask my husband if he has one."
	Nora, on the other hand, was a member of many famous clubs or flagship stores. Wherever she went, she would take Rose with her. So Rose didn't need to have a membership card.
	Rose called Bright, "Honey, do you have a membership card of Brightstar Club? I can't get in without the card."
	"Neither did I," Bright said, "Why don't you come back? Brightstar Club will take good care of the guests. You don't have to worry."
	"Don't lie to me." Rose didn't believe that Bright didn't have a membership card. "If you don't figure out a way to let me in, I'm going to stand in the wind for a whole night to watch over Nora."
	Bright was speechless and rubbed his eyebrows. "I really don't have the card. The club owner said he would give me one last time, but I didn't take it."
	He didn't look down at the club, but thought the procedure troublesome.
	"Ask for it now, or you call them to let me in. If you can't handle the thing well, I won't let you go." Rose threatened.
	"All right. Calm down." Bright was defeated by Rose. He had to get even with Nora when the matter was settled down.
	"Hurry up." Rose then hung up and waited for Bright to contact the club owner.
	One minute after she hung up the phone, the security guard got a call from the club manager.
	"Yes, yes, yes." The security guard said on the phone and looked at Rose with a panicked face.
	After the security guard hung up the phone, he hurried forward and said to Rose respectfully, "Mrs. Lee, I'm sorry for not recognizing you. Please come in."
	The guard bent over and made a gesture of invitation, looking embarrassed.
	How did they know that this woman was Mrs. Lee who they dared not mess with? And Mrs. Lee didn't even have a membership card!
	"It doesn't matter if you let me in." Rose didn't put on air nor did she take it to heart.
	"Thank you, Mrs. Lee." The security guard was relieved, too.
	Rose hurried inside and found the compartment the waiter had just mentioned.
	She pushed the door open and saw Nora lying alone on a blue, diamond-encrusted velvet sofa, her long hair spreading out and her white face looked like a bright red rose.
	Looking at the beer bottles scattering on the table, Rose helplessly shook her head and went to Nora. "How much have you drunk?"
	"No... Not much, just a dozen or twenty or so bottles." Nora hadn't gotten drunk yet. She was still conscious.
	Nora was a better drinker than Rose was, but the number of beers was much more than Nora could handle.
	Rose walked over and sat down, "Why do you drink so much? Don't you know it will hurt you?"
	"I am happy." Nora pulled herself up slowly and leaned against the back of the sofa. "Since you are here, let's drink together."
	Nora was about to lean over to take the unfinished drink from the table, but she fell off the sofa.
	Rose tried to catch her, but she fell to the ground with Nora.
	It hurt... Rose frowned.
	Rose was worried about Nora instead of herself, "Are you all right? Did you hit anything?"
	"No." Nora shook her head.
	Rose supported her back onto the sofa. "Can you walk? I'll take you home first."
	"I want to drink." Nora had a bottle of beer in her hand and was about to raise it to her mouth.
	Rose snatched the beer out of her hand. "I'm angry if you drink again."
	"Don't be angry. I won't drink it," Nora listened to Rose, afraid that she would be angry.
	"Let me help you out." Rose tried to lift Nora up. She put Nora's arm on her shoulder while she held Nora on the waist.
	Rose carefully opened the door and led her out of the box. "Take it carefully, otherwise we'll all fall over."
	After that, Nora's feet went limp, and she lost balance.
	Just as she was about to fall, a man brushed past to help take Nora from Rose and supported her.
	So Rose did not fall down.
	Rose, now wet with sweat, let out a deep breath.
	"Thank you." Rose steadied herself and lifted her eyes to the person who was helping her.
	When she saw his handsome face, she was shocked.
	What a coincidence that he was at the club as well.
Chapter 429 Don't Leave Me Again
	"Mrs. Lee." The man greeted her.
	Rose withdrew her eyes. "Why is Mr. Moore here?"
	"I have an appointment here to talk about business. You know the club has everything. It's a good place to talk about business." Mr. Moore glanced at Nora in his arms. "She's drunk."
	"She's happy today." Rose found a reason.
	She didn't want Oca to know that Nora was drunk because she was unhappy.
	And there was only one thing that could get her drunk.
	Oca reminded her of Oscar. Nora missed Oca so much that she was tormented by the missing.
	She understood Nora, but she didn't want Nora to be indulged in the past.
	But Nora was so stubborn that no comfort would work unless she could figure it out for herself.
	Rose glanced at Oca again. His face was enough to obsess Nora.
	"Thank you for helping me, Mr. Moore. Give me Nora and I'll take her home." Rose reached for Nora in Oca's arms.
	"Where is her husband? Why didn't he come to pick her up?" Oca suddenly asked. "Sorry, I'm just asking."
	"Alan has something to attend to, so he asked me to come here." Rose explained.
	Oca didn't ask further, and tried to push Nora to Rose, but he couldn't push her away.
	He felt a tightened grip on his waist, and saw that Nora was holding his waist tightly.
	Rose was embarrassed and could only gently coax Nora, as like coaxing a child, "Nora, be good. We're going home."
	Nora was drunk and she didn't look at Rose. "Who are you? Who wants to go with you?"
	Rose was speechless, thinking that Nora was wasted and one day she wouldn't know who she was.
	She thought so, but she couldn't let Nora keep pestering Oca. "I'm Rose. I come here to take you home," she said again.
	"What Rose, I don't know her." Nora smiled and looked up at the tall and handsome Oca. She only had him in her eyes. "If I have to go home, I will go home with him."
	"Nora, Mr. Moore has business to attend to. Go home and I'll accompany you to drink as much as you like, OK?" Rose coaxed her softly, hoping to persuade Nora to go home.
	"What's the point of women drinking together? I want to drink with him." Nora refused Rose, and then stared at her, "Why do you want to drink with me? Do you want to get me drunk? Why?"
	Faced with Nora's guard and questioning, Rose really wanted to knock her unconscious with the bottle and drag her away, so as not to embarrass herself in front of Oca.
	"What can I do to you? You are losing you mind." Rose frowned, and then reached out to pull Nora.
	But Nora held Oca tightly, like a koala holding a tree and Rose couldn't take her away.
	"Bad woman, why do you want to take me away? I won't go with you!" Nora pouted her red lips and looked at Oca eagerly. "Help me, I don't want to be taken away by the bad woman!"
	'Bad woman?' Rose was speechless that she had come such a long way to pick Nora up while the latter took her as a bad woman.
	Seeing that Nora had lost her mind, Rose thought the drink was really harmful.
	If Bright knew that Nora was so drunk and still holding on to a man, he might chop off her hand, and break the man's waist.
	The thought of it terrified her.
	"Nora, listen to me! Come with me." Rose looked at Oca. "Mr. Moore, I'm sorry, but I have to take here away."
	She might touch Oca's waist if she had to drag Nora away.
	"Where is your car?" Oca didn't think it worked. Nora clung too tightly to Oca as if she was afraid that he would run away.
	"Just outside the club." Rose did not understand what he meant.
	"Well, I'll get her out there for you." Oca held on to Nora's waist and walked her out.
	Rose hurried to follow and led the way for him.
	When they arrived at the gate, the security guard saw Rose coming out and said, "Mrs. Lee, welcome to come here next time."
	Rose nodded politely, "Where's my car?"
	"Drive the car here at once." The guard ordered the parking attendant.
	The car quickly came up and the parking attendant opened the door for them.
	Oca helped Nora into the back of the car, but Nora didn't let go of him.
	Oca had no choice but to coax her in a gentle voice. "Good, let go," he said.
	"You'll disappear if I let go." Nora was very pitiful. "I managed to hold you. I'll never let you go. I'll make it up to you for the rest of my life. Oscar, don't go. Don't leave me."
	"Look, I'm not Oscar, I'm Oca." Oca pinched her delicate jaw and made her look at him.
	Nora seemed to see stars before her as she was drunk. "You want to lie to me and leave me alone again, right? You know what? I miss you so much these years and feel so lonely. Oscar, stay with me and I will stay with you, too. No one can stop me."
	Nora raised a hand and put it over Oca's face. Her fingers were soft and warm, making Oca's face tighten. Oca said nothing but stared at her deeply.
	Oca grabbed her hand that wandered to his Adam's apple and stopped her from messing with him again.
	"Nora, be sober. Oscar is dead." Oca warned her.
	"You couldn't fool me. You're Oscar." Nora stuck to her mind and put her long arm around his neck.
	She lifted her head and kissed Oca's thin, tight lips.
	Oca was stunned and his mind went blank. The only thing he felt was her soft red lips, which were so sweet and soft that it made him want to indulge in it.
	His reason told him it was wrong. She was married.
	Stunning as she was, he had to keep his hands off her.
	When Nora saw that he did not move, she kissed him randomly.
	But Oca grabbed her by the shoulder, shoved her away, and walked away.
	Rose, of course, saw this scene, and felt surprised and worried...
	Oca had left. Nora fell back in the back seat and never moved again.
Chapter 430 Bright, You Are a Profiteer
	Rose closed the door and drove Nora back to Asgard Lake Community.
	As soon as she pulled the car to a stop, Bright, who happened to be wandering around the yard, saw Rose getting out of the car.
	"Why did you get out?" Rose stared at him in the night light.
	"What took you so long? Bright walked over with a frown and a cashmere shawl in his hand.
	It was already autumn, and the evening was naturally cooler than the day.
	He did not want her to catch cold, so he took out the shawl, threw it over her shoulders, and kept her in his arms.
	"You are a mother now, but you don't know how to take care of yourself at all." Although Bright reproached her, there was softness in his tone.
	Rose struggled gently, "Let go of me first."
	"I won't." Bright not only refused to let go of her, but also hugged her up and headed for the entrance.
	Rose was anxious. "Bright, Nora is still in the car."
	Bright stopped and stared at her. "Instead of sending her back, you brought her here?"
	Rose nodded; her bright eyes wide open.
	Bright continued to walk on. "Then let her sleep in the car."
	"No," Rose said.
	"Then ask Alan to come and take her away." Bright gave another advice.
	"She's drunk and I'm afraid she'll mention Mr. Stevens in front of Alan, so I had to bring her back." Rose sorted out his clothes and said, "Could you be a gentleman and leave her here?"
	"She spoiled our time every time. How could I be a gentleman every time?" Bright was unhappy.
	They were supposed to spend the night together sweetly, but a phone call sent Rose away, and now she had brought back a drunk woman.
	He was very, very displeased.
	"She didn't mean to do so." Rose tugged at his collar.
	"I think she did it on purpose." Bright smiled and the warm light outlined his handsome face. "Now I'm beginning to wonder it's not Sky I should pay attention to, but Nora."
	Rose burst into laughter when she heard Bright say this. She thought Bright was so jealous.
	But she also thought he was cute.
	"What's so funny? This is a serious problem. Mrs. Lee, please be serious." Bright said with a straight face.
	Rose dissolved into laughter.
	Bright pinched her soft waist and said, "Still laughing. Is it so funny?"
	Rose shook her head and suppressed the smile. "Not funny. Not funny at all."
	Bright stared at her coldly.
	Rose stopped smiling and reached out to smooth his eyebrows.
	"How are you going to make it up for my wounded heart?" Bright asked for some benefits.
	Rose gave him a light kiss on his thin lips and backed away.
	"Don't be angry." Rose softened her voice and said coquettishly, "I'll be very afraid of you."
	Bright had no resistance to Rose's soft, sweet voice, but his face was still cold. "Is that all?"
	"What else do you want? I'll do whatever you want to satisfy you as long as you let Nora stay in the guest room." Rose raised her eyebrows and waited for his order.
	Bright leaned over, kissed her lips again, and bit her.
	"Physical benefits for one night ," he said evilly.
	Rose felt his warm, moist breath in her ears, and it made her nerves tense and her ears blush.
	"How about it?" Bright asked again.
	"Deal." Rose had to agree, otherwise Nora would either sleep on the roadside or be picked up by Alan, which was not what she wanted.
	'Nora, see how kind I am to you. If you don't thank me, I won't let you go' Rose thought to herself.
	Upon hearing the answer, Bright smiled satisfactorily.
	"Could you put me down now?"
	Rose was still in his arms.
	He didn't feel tired for hugging her for so long. It could see how strong Bright was, and Rose could imagine how tiring it would be tonight.
	"It won't happen again. But I don't mind Nora bothers me again if Mrs. Lee is willing to give me the physical benefits every time," Bright said with a smirk. Then he put her down.
	Rose was laughing at Bright's daydreaming.
	The one who suffered was Rose, so she wouldn't let it happen again.
	From today on, she would persuade Nora to stop drinking; otherwise, she wouldn't know how to handle Bright.
	As soon as Rose was free, she went to the car, opened the back door, and took Nora out. Nora had fallen asleep now.
	A drunk person couldn't walk at all, so Rose couldn't get Nora out of the car by herself.
	She looked up at Bright, who was standing still. "Help me get her in."
	"It's not within the scope of what we agreed." Bright said, hugged around his chest.
	"Bright!" Rose gritted her teeth.
	"Unless you add more benefits." Bright took advantage of her.
	"Yes." Rose said decisively.
	"Three nights." Bright held up three fingers and added a time.
	Rose widened her eyes and she wanted to be angry. "Bright, you are a profiteer."
	"A week, then." Bright immediately added more time.
	Rose dared not say anything. "Hurry to come here."
	Bright was pleased to see Rose couldn't refuse him.
	Bright then helped Rose get Nora out of the car and into the house, and then put her to bed.
	Rose was so tired and panting. But Bright didn't feel tired at all.
	Rose stared at Bright. "What are you doing here?"
	"What? You want to dump me when you don't need me?" Bright frowned. "I have your words recorded. Don't want to play tricks."
	"Bright, how could you do that?" Rose felt that such Bright was strange to her.
	"Yes, I have to do this to you." Bright had thought a way for himself.
	Rose immediately pushed him out. "Get out!"
Chapter 431 I Don't Want Anyone but You
	Bright took a few steps forward and then stood firmly in place. Rose couldn't push him at all.
	"Do you want to stay here and watch me undress and look after Nora?" Rose looked up slightly, "Or you can do this instead."
	Bright wasn't offended at all, "Mrs. Lee, even if you don't mind, I won't do this. Unless you are the one who need to be looked after, then I am duty bound."
	"Stop pretending to be a good guy in front of me. You are a bad wolf." Rose continued to push him hard.
	This time, Bright eased his foot and was pushed out of the door by her.
	He turned around and tried to say something else to Rose. But all he got was the sound of closing the door. The door almost flattened his nose.
	Bright reached up and touched the tip of his nose, and turned to leave.
	Inside, Rose took off her jacket, rolled up her sleeves, and went to fetch water.
	Nora suddenly sat up and covered her mouth with one hand, "I feel sick."
	Rose hurried to pick her up and took her to the bathroom. Nora lay on the edge of the toilet and vomited out all the wine she had just drunk. The air was filled with the stink of alcohol.
	Rose kept patting her back and gave her water to rinse her mouth.
	"Why did you drink so much? Mr. Oscar can't see it. He will not feel sorry for you even if you die from drinking!" Rose looked at the wretched Nora and felt distressed.
	"Yeah. No one will feel sorry for me." Nora leaned against the toilet, looked up slightly, and closed her eyes. Her long eyelashes were clear under the light, casting a deep shadow. She looked beautiful and fragile.
	"Nora, look at you now. Mr. Oscar will be angry when he sees you." Rose sighed.
	Nora sat there without saying another word, as if she was asleep. The warm light shone on her fair face.
	Rose turned on the faucet by the tub and filled the tub.
	Since Nora was already in the bathroom, Rose didn't need to wipe her body and change her clothes. It was better for Nora to take a bath directly.
	Rose put rose petals and essential oils in the water. The room was full of the soft scent of flowers, which smelled nice.
	Rose undressed Nora. Nora did not resist, and she also could not.
	Rose got Nora into the bathtub and let her soak in the bath for a while.
	She was there with her... After soaking for an hour, Rose put on pajamas for her and helped her back to the big bed with difficulty.
	Nora's wet hair made the sheets wet.
	Rose wiped Nora's hair and dried it.
	Nora slept soundly. Rose looked at her sleeping face and reached out to stroke the hair at her temples.
	Nora grabbed Rose's hand and held it.
	"Oscar, don't leave me ... don't leave me. I'm living so hard, so hard ... alone."
	Nora said these sad words.
	Rose's eyes misted over and were full of sadness for Nora.
	And Nora was also sad in her sleep, with tears flowing out of her eyes.
	Rose raised her hand to wipe the tears from the corners of Nora's eyes, and patted her back with the other hand, "Don't be afraid. I am here. You are not alone."
	Rose was leaning on the bed. Her hand was held by Nora and she maintained this position to stay with Nora all night.
	Early in the morning, Rose woke up and found herself in her own bedroom.
	Didn't she take care of Nora last night in the guest room?
	She thought that Bright must have been worried about her and carried her to the master bedroom.
	She glanced at the time. It was already nine o'clock. Fortunately, it was the weekend and she didn't have to get up early for work.
	She lay with her eyes open for a while, then lifted the covers and got up to see how Nora was doing.
	At that moment, Bright pushed the door in and saw Rose sitting on the edge of the bed, "Are you going to see Nora? She has gone."
	"She has gone?" Rose stood up in shock, "Did you say something bad to her?"
	Bright stepped closer and smiled, "Yes."
	"..." Rose was about to get angry, but then she calmed down, "You said that on purpose. I don't believe it."
	"Forget it if you don't believe it." Bright turned around and went to the dressing room.
	Rose followed him, "Just don't be angry. Nora seems to be fearless on the surface, but she is weak inside. She has never been truly happy since Mr. Oscar's death.
	The person she loved left her. Her parents forced her to marry someone and she married the person she didn't love. All these years, she and Alan have been pretending to be a loving couple in public. But in private, they don't interfere in each other's lives. They are not really a couple until now.
	Nora has been missing Mr. Oscar. She is tormented day after day. She has only me as a good friend. If I don't love her, who will? Honey, love me, and take care of Nora with me."
	Rose acted like a spoiled child. Her watery eyes were clear, like the dew in the morning.
	She wrapped her slender arms around his waist and tiptoed to give him a morning kiss.
	"Honey, I love you."
	Bright clasped her soft and fallible waist and also kissed her fiercely. Until she couldn't breathe, he let her go and held her tightly in his arms.
	"You win." Bright was firm in speech but soft in heart, "She woke up a little earlier than you and is eating in the dining room. How dare I shoo your people away?"
	Rose laughed in his arms. She knew Bright was not supposed to be like that. He was just deliberately speaking contrary to her.
	"Honey, is this the delight of life?" Rose picked at the shirt on his chest with her fingers.
	"I'm trying to attract Mrs. Lee's attention." the poor Mr. Bright was also afraid of being ignored.
	"Honey, you come first in my heart. Don't doubt your charm." Rose reached out and patted him, "What you said should be something I need to worry about. Although you are married, there are too many women who expect you to divorce and take my place."
	"I don't want anyone but you." Bright stared intently into her eyes, serious and grave.
	"So how can I not love such a great husband? Unless I'm stupid." Rose smiled playfully, "Honey, I won't care about anyone more than you in this life. So don't worry."
	Bright gently pressed her head and was moved by her warm words.
	Rose washed up and went downstairs with Bright. Nora was having breakfast.
	"Nora, are you feeling better?" Rose sat opposite her.
	Nora rubbed the corner of her forehead with her long fingers, "I just have a headache and have an empty feeling in my stomach. I woke up hungry."
	"Do you have any soup to dispel the effects of alcohol?" Rose asked.
Chapter 432 You Have Three Choices to Have Children
	Nora felt warm inside while hearing Rose's concern. After all, they had been the best friends since childhood and had not argued for anything.
	Even when Sophie mentioned Oscar's death, Nora had never doubted Rose. Because she believed Rose and believed in her own vision.
	She would never doubt her best friend who had gotten through all the difficulties with her.
	"I do. Your husband ordered the servant to make it for me." Nora glanced at Bright who was playing with Doris in the living room, "Rose, I really envy you. You have a husband who loves you, a lovely child, and a happy family... All these are so far away from me that it is impossible for me to have them in this life. "
	Nora cupped her chin in the palm of her hands. When she looked at the warm scene of Bright playing with Doris, her eyes were full of envy. She also wanted to have children one day.
	The one she was willing to have a child for did not meet her wish. So, she had no hope and could only be tortured by the thought day by day. She seemed fine on the surface, but was already desperate inside.
	Rose looked at the most real face of Nora, who was as naive as a child.
	Nora seemed to be 18 or 19 years old, her bright eyes full of the most sincere yearning for love.
	"Nora, I will not force you to forget the past. But now, since you cannot change more, then change yourself and be happy." Rose knew that the scar in Nora's heart might not disappear for the rest of her life.
	Nora still looked at Bright and Doris. Watching them laugh, she also smiled and her eyes were brighter.
	"Rose, I have an idea." Nora turned to Rose with a serious face and said, "You give me child to raise. Anyway, I will not have my own children in this life. I can only count on you."
	Rose was surprised that Nora would have such an idea, "What do you mean? Are you kidding?"
	"Doris calls me godmother. I like her very much. Why don't you let Doris be my daughter? Or you and Mr. Bright can have another child and I will adopt him. Please fulfill my dream of being a mother." Nora came up with such a solution.
	Rose took a sip of her milk, "Do you really think so?"
	"Yes. After I have a child, I will get my mind on her. I'll stay with her, keep her, watch her grow up, and I will get old... It must be nice." Nora suddenly wanted a child very much.
	"Nora, I can understand you wanting a child to stay with your and change your life. But you've seen how much Bright loves Doris. Even if I agree, he will never agree.
	Even if another child is born, it will be Bright's treasure. He will not let you do it. So, you will never adopt our children." Rose dismissed her idea.
	Nora's eyes were gloomy and she was upset, "Yes, I am too naive. How can Mr. Bright let me adopt his own children? If he knew I had this idea, he would have taken a knife and killed me."
	She laughed at herself, and then held the cup in her hands, frowning.
	"Nora, being a mother is not that easy. As a mother, you can't just do as you please. You have a responsibility, which is very important. It is not a playful game. You must think about it clearly.
	If you're really ready to be a mother, then I have three suggestions for you. First, you can have a child with Alan who is related to you. The Way family is pushing you to have a child anyway. This will satisfy both sides.
	Second, you can go to a sperm bank to select qualified sperm for pregnancy. Third, you can go to a welfare home and adopt a child who is not related to you. Once you choose that child, you have to treat him kindly.
	These are my immature suggestions. But it must be based on the premise that you have thought well and been ready. Otherwise, do not be impulsive. Impulse is really the devil. By the way, I don't think the Way family will agree you to give birth to or adopt a child not related to them.
	After all, the Way family is a big and renowned family. They can't bear to lose face. So, I still suggest you consider the first one. Talk it over with Alan. If you guys have to last the marriage, this is the best choice.
	Nora, I hope you to be happy. No matter what, I will be there for you and on your side." Rose reached over, took Nora's hand and held it. She pursed her lips and smiled, blessing and encouraging Nora.
	She, Rose, was Nora's strongest backing.
	Nora responded to Rose with a bright smile. She gripped Rose's hand firmly, "OK. I will think about it and be responsible for myself and the child."
	"That's right." Rose was relieved.
	Nora smiled faintly and saw Rose's worry, "I'm not a child anymore. I'll think about some things."
	"I called Alan yesterday to tell him that you would spend the night with me, so that he wouldn't worry." Rose advised her again, "Go back and talk it over."
	Nora nodded and continued to have her breakfast.
	At that moment, the doorbell rang outside. The servant opened the door. Alan, who was handsome, stood at the door, "Hello, I'm here to pick up Nora."
	Rose let the servant bring Alan in. Alan was wearing a white T-shirt with a round neck, a light blue casual suit, and a pair of white shoes on his feet, handsome and charming.
	Alan and Nora were a good match in terms of appearance, family and education.
	"Have you eaten breakfast? If not, let's have some together." Rose greeted Alan warmly.
	"Thank you. But I've already eaten." Alan stood there, "I came to pick up Nora and take her home. Thank you and Mr. Bright for taking care of her last night."
	Bright walked over, "Since you know it, Mr. Alan can control your wife from now on."
	Alan was embarrassed by Bright's direct words, and could only smile.
	Rose was not happy with Bright's "nonsense". She elbowed him to defuse Alan's embarrassment, "Nora and I are on very intimate terms. Don't mention it."
	"Honey, have you finished? We'll go back when you finish your breakfast. We have to go to have lunch with Grandpa today." The members of the Way family had to go back every Saturday at noon to have lunch with Patriarch Way. This was the rule. Everyone had to be there unless someone was on a business trip.
	"Let's go." Nora wiped her mouth lightly.
Chapter 433 He Becomes a Member of the Family
	Nora got up and was about to leave with Alan. Rose walked them to the entrance of the courtyard with Bright.
	Alan's cool red Ferrari was parked in front of the courtyard.
	Nora opened her arms to hug Rose before she left reluctantly.
	On the way back to the Way family, Nora didn't say a word and just stared at the scenery outside blankly, lost in her own thoughts.
	Alan concentrated on driving while glancing at the quiet Nora from time to time.
	She had always been active and bright. But today, she was so quiet that Alan even felt that the person sitting next to him was not Nora.
	Even if it was Nora, it was just a body without soul and breath.
	Alan pursed his lips, wanted to ask her, but did not want to disturb her. Finally, he suppressed the urge to ask her and focused on driving.
	When they arrived at the Way family, Patriarch Way was playing chess with Wilson, Alan's elder brother.
	Diana Baker, Wilson's wife, was standing behind him. Their daughter Lottie was playing with Palmer and Mrs. Way. Now, Lottie was the only child of the fourth generation and was being loved by everyone.
	In addition to Wilson and his family, there were Alan and Nora, who had just arrived.
	When Mrs. Way saw that her youngest son was back, she got up and greeted him with a smile, "Hey, Alan and Nora. Come and see how cute Lottie is. Come here and hug her."
	Mrs. Way pulled Alan forward, "Lottie, do you know who he is?"
	Lottie had bangs. Her eyes were big and black, like grapes, and twinkled. She was like a doll.
	"Uncle Alan." Lottie's voice was clear.
	Alan picked up the five-year-old girl and gave her a kiss, "Good girl."
	Mrs. Way pointed to Nora, "Lottie, who is she then?"
	"Auntie Nora." Lottie reached out to Nora, "Auntie Nora, could you please hug me?"
	Nora gladly reached out to take Lottie from Alan's hand and touched the hair on the back of her head with a gentle face.
	Alan looked at Nora and imagined a different picture. How nice it would be if she was holding their own child.
	But he knew Nora was not likely to have a child. So, he hid the idea.
	He would support whatever Nora wanted to do, including never having children.
	"Lottie, why do you want Auntie Nora to hold you? Can't Uncle Alan hold you?" Alan was a little jealous.
	"Auntie Nora is the prettiest. I like Auntie Nora and want to be as pretty as her when I grow up." Lottie gently pouted, with a face full of love and admiration for Nora.
	"Sweet girl." Alan raised his hand and lightly rubbed Lottie's nose, "It seems that I should learn from you."
	"Lottie was born a princess. Beauty is nothing more than appearance. Goodness is more important." Nora reasoned with Lottie, "Lottie, after you grow up, you should be a good person like your Grandpa and Dad."
	"Lottie is too young to understand this. It's normal for little girls to want to be pretty." Alan said to Nora.
	"Is it good to be a beautiful but useless people?" Nora did not agree with Alan, "Be connected with someone by marriage like me?"
	"..." Alan didn't dare to say any more.
	"Grandpa, Dad, Mom, we're here." Hazel's pleasant voice came from the front of the living room.
	Hazel walked into the living room. She did not come back alone, but held Oca's arm and came in style. She was lively and beautiful.
	This was the woman in love. They were like being soaked into the honey pot of happiness. Every look, every action, and even every word was sweet.
	"Guys, you all arrived before us." Hazel smiled as her gaze swept over everyone present.
	Nora didn't expect that she met Oca in the Way family again after meeting him yesterday.
	She met Oca's gaze directly. But she didn't dare to look at him and could only look away hastily.
	She was so apprehensive that even her eyelashes were trembling.
	She was too drunk yesterday to remember many things. But she clearly remembered the kiss. She took the initiative to kiss Oca deeply.
	Oca, however, was not as apprehensive as Nora. He acted as if nothing had happened yesterday, calm and cool.
	But Nora felt a little disappointed. It seemed he really did not care about that kiss at all.
	"What's on your mind?" Alan reached out to take Nora's hand, "You look a little pale. Is anything wrong with you?"
	Nora then turned her head and forced a light smile, "No. I just feel a little bored."
	"Why don't we go for a walk in the courtyard?" Alan suggested.
	Nora nodded. She really needed an excuse to get away now. She didn't want to face Oca like this.
	He could remain calm, but she couldn't.
	"Grandpa, Mom and Dad, I'm a little bored and would like Nora to go for a walk with me." Alan was considerate and did not say it was because of Nora.
	"Alan, Oca comes to our house for the first time officially. You can't slip away today." Hazel, however, had no intention of letting Alan go, "We have something to announce."
	"Then hurry to say it, Hazel." Alan frowned with a hint of impatience.
	"Oca and I decide to put our relationship on a more formal footing." Hazel glanced at the tall, handsome Oca beside her as she spoke, her gaze staying on his deep brow, "The fact that I brought Oca home today shows that he's not an outsider anymore."
	The crowd wasn't too surprised. After all, Hazel had mentioned this the last time Patriarch Way had a birthday. Now, it was expected that she would bring Oca to announce in public.
	"Hazel and I have known each other for three years. This time, we decided to announce our relationship after serious consideration. I don't guarantee that I can do the best, but I hope to do better than others." Oca was simple and subtle, and did not show his deep feelings. After all, this was Oca.
	He was not someone who easily showed his feelings, but a doer.
	Nora listened to Oca's words and felt hurt. She held Alan's hand tightly.
	Alan looked at Nora and felt her face turn even whiter. He pulled Nora and turned around without hesitation.
	Hazel quickly pulled Alan, "Alan, Oca brings gifts for everyone."
	"Hazel, I'll come back after I go out for some air." Alan grinned, "You stay with Mr. Oca. Excuse me. By the way, I warmly welcome Mr. Oca to join our family."
	"Thanks." Oca said.
	"No thanks. Only you can control Hazel, Mr. Oca. I think highly of you." Alan waved his hand twice and left the living room with a big stride.
Chapter 434 I Want to Have a Good Life with You
	The Way family were satisfied with Oca in terms of his family, his character and his ability.
	If Oca and Hazel could get married, then it would be a strong union. The Way family's business in the overseas market could do more smoothly.
	In general, marriage was not just about two people. It was a win-win situation for both parties.
	What mattered the most for businessmen was profit.
	Oca and Hazel would not have gone to the Way family for an official announcement if they did not want to develop a long-term and stable relationship.
	Nora walked in the courtyard. Looking at the green trees and flowers, she was upset and irritated.
	She clearly loved Oscar. But why was she attracted by him when Oca appeared?
	She tried to control herself, only to find that the more she controlled herself the deeper her inner yearning for him grew.
	"Are you okay?" Alan looked at Nora who had a pale face and frowned, asking in concern.
	"I feel better." Nora stopped her scattered thoughts, "Thank you."
	Alan stared at her for a minute.
	Nora became a little awkward with his look, "Is there something on my face? Why do you look at me like that?"
	Alan held her shoulders and looked very serious, "Nora, I am sorry that I lost my temper and left you alone that day. Please don't be angry with me. Drink less in the future. Drinking hurts your health, and I will worry about you."
	Nora met Alan's eyes and felt a little awkward as she listened to his gentle apology.
	But recently, Alan had stopped confronting her as he used to. More often than not, he was the one giving in and apologizing.
	Nora didn't make a concession at all, and kept distance from him.
	"I am not used to you talking like that today." Nora smiled lightly, "Are you on the wrong medication, or what's wrong with you?"
	"Nora, I'm telling you the truth." Alan took a deep breath, "I reflected on myself after calming down. There are a lot of things I haven't done well enough."
	"You ... you actually did a good job." Nora felt a little guilty inside, "At least, you are doing better than me. It is me who has been doing badly."
	"Nora, no matter what you think of our marriage, now that we are married, I will do my duty as a husband. I will love you, protect you, stand in front of you to stop all the difficulties for you." Alan took her hand, his eyes full of love.
	"Alan..." Nora was shocked by such a serious Alan.
	"I will still respect all your decisions. But I want to live a good life with you for a long time." Alan spoke out his desire longingly, "Nora, I... I actually like you..."
	She was confessed by Alan?!
	Nora widened her beautiful eyes, slightly opened her mouth, and couldn't believe it.
	Alan liked her. When? Why she didn't feel anything at all?
	"Don't you believe me?" Alan saw Nora's surprised face. He raised his right hand anxiously to swear, "I can swear. I, Alan, love Nora. If there is a lie, I will be..."
	Nora reached out and covered his mouth to stop him, "Don't do that."
	"Then do you believe me?" Alan pulled her hand down.
	"It's not that I don't believe you. I just find it unbelievable." Nora felt she had to hang fire.
	She had been confessed to since she was a child. Nora had heard too many words like "I like you, I love you".
	Only when Oscar said he loved her, she felt her heart beating wildly because of his confession.
	But Alan's confession ... how shall she put it? She was not too moved and was not without feeling. But this feeling seemed different.
	In short, she couldn't figure it out.
	"And don't you have several girlfriends before? How... how would you love me?" Nora still remembered his several ex-girlfriends.
	"Nora, I'll be honest with you. In fact, the reason I married you is not entirely because of the interests of the two families. It was you, so I agreed to the marriage and the prenuptial agreement. I had intended to marry you first and let you become my wife, and then slowly let you fall in love with me.
	But you always mentioned the prenuptial agreement and had no feeling to me. I felt upset. I didn't want you to know that I fell in love with you first and wanted to fight with you.
	I followed my friend's advice and made girlfriends outside to test your reaction. So, I didn't like those girls at all. I have nothing to do with them. I paid them to pretend to be my girlfriend. We just had a meal or a coffee to make a show to you and stimulate you. I promise I had absolutely no affair with them."
	Alan was a little nervous while saying that. He was afraid that Nora would misunderstand him, and desperately explained. It looked a little ridiculous.
	"After these things, I faced my heart and wanted to be brave enough to admit my feelings to you. As a man, there's no shame in me expressing my feelings first. But Nora, I hope you can get to know me again and give me a chance to love you. Nora, I want to be a good husband."
	He finally said what he had bitten back for a long time. The mountain in his heart seemed to disappear. Alan was relaxed and at ease.
	Nora pursed her lips, not knowing how to answer, so that she could take the right measure and not hurt Alan's passionate heart.
	Thinking about the five years they had been together, Alan had been good to her and had actually kept his promise.
	He also protected her in public and in the Way family, and did not allow others to bully her.
	Especially when the elders of the Way family asked her to have a child, Alan didn't want to force her and tried his best to protect her against the pressure from his family.
	It was quite well for a man to do this.
	If he didn't love her, how could he do this?
	Seeing that Nora was hesitating, Alan did not force her to answer right now, "Nora, you do not have to answer me now. You can think about it, or see how I behave before answering me. I also don't want to be rejected by you so quickly. Of course I am confident to let you know that I am sincere."
	Seeing him say that, Nora nodded, "OK. I'll think about it then."
	She looked into his sincere eyes and pondered whether she should let go as Rose had said.
	She could miss Oscar. But she shouldn't bury herself for him and become the living dead.
Chapter 435 You're the Only Girl I've Ever Coaxed
	Seeing Nora didn't reject him directly, Alan was very pleased.
	He was so easily satisfied. A smile lit up his face, "OK. But be sure to think carefully about my merits."
	"Alright." Nora nodded and smiled.
	Yes, it was time for her to let go and live for herself and have a change.
	Oca wasn't Oscar. Oca was Hazel's boyfriend now. He would likely be Hazel's husband and her brother-in-law.
	Nora should not be so confused and easily distracted by him anymore.
	"You look better." Alan raised his hand and pushed the hair by Nora's cheek behind her ear, "I'll walk with you."
	Alan took Nora's hand and headed for the garden in front, which was filled with all kinds of flowers.
	Alan went over, plucked a red rose, and pinned it to Nora's hair at the temples of her left ear.
	Nora was beautiful with bright eyes like stars and was as bright as the red roses.
	Her beauty eclipsed all the flowers in the garden and moved people.
	"Honey, you are so beautiful." Alan went his fingers through her dark hair from behind her ear.
	Alan felt as if he was seduced by her and couldn't help but slowly approach her... until he was about to kiss her lips.
	Nora tilted her head on the last second. Alan could not stop his kiss and kissed her soft face.
	Alan was naturally a little disappointed. But he still showed no concern for Nora's instinctive refusal.
	He raised his hand and rubbed his hair, "Honey, I know it's a little too fast. You may not be able to adapt. But you are as beautiful as a fairy. It's too hard for me, a mortal, not to be moved. You will be kind enough not to bother with me, right?"
	Nora listened to Alan's honeyed words of love and said, "Don't use the same way you coaxed your ex-girlfriends to coax me."
	"I already told you that those are fake girlfriends, not real." Alan was anxious while hearing Nora mentioned his ex-girlfriends, "Besides, do I need to coax others? You are the only girl I've coaxed so far."
	When he said that, Alan was a little awkward and blushed.
	He was the most favored son in the Way family. Everyone respectfully called him Mr. Alan.
	From childhood, people always flattered him. He did not need to condescend to coax others.
	"So apart from that, you've never had a real girlfriend?" Nora didn't believe that Alan, who was twenty-six or seven, hadn't been in love yet.
	"Not really." Alan was neither active nor casual about feelings.
	He also knew that as a member of the Way family, those girls approached him deliberately because of his status. He knew at first glance that they were more attracted to his status than to him.
	Alan met Nora when he went to see his best friend in college. That friend said Nora was the campus belle, and there were always lots of men after her.
	Alan saw that Nora was indeed more outstanding than too many girls. Her skin was white and she was beautiful with a perfect figure. She was conspicuous.
	Just as he finished talking, he saw a boy in a white casual suit confess with a big bouquet of red roses, "Nora, I'm in love with you. Be my girlfriend. I will love you."
	"Well, thank you. But there is no need. I don't like you." Nora didn't even look at the man.
	The young gentleman had never been rejected like this before. He couldn't remain calm, "I'm from the Mills family in Kynto. So you're lucky to be loved by me."
	"Then I'm really blind." Nora said with light irony.
	The man was arrogant, "As long as you become my girlfriend, I will not bother with you."
	"Do you really think you are Prince Charming in white? Paranoia is a disease. You should hurry to cure it." Nora said and brushed past him to leave.
	The man's face suddenly changed and became very ugly. The blue veins stood out on his temples.
	This kind of boy, who was spoiled, was fragile and could not stand the rejection of others. Once he was rejected, he felt as if he had been humiliated and must pull back to prove their charm.
	He immediately stepped forward and stopped Nora, "Nora, apologize to me, or…"
	"Or else what do you want?" Nora did not take it serious, "Don't think that I will accept you just because you are the son of a powerful family. Even if the son of the president of the Country M confesses to me, I will refuse. For me, identity doesn't matter. What matters more is character.
	I know that I can't match the character of you, Mr. Mills. You should find a woman who is more worthy of you. That's it. I am leaving now. Mr. Mills, I wish you find your true love soon."
	Nora patted Mr. Mills's shoulder like a friend and left with a smile.
	Alan watched the scene with relish. So, Nora left a deep impression on Alan.
	Alan, who was not interested in love affairs, was not interested in other women. He did not meet a woman who was more interesting than Nora.
	Later, when Alan was at the age of marriage, the Way family had showed him a lot of pictures of famous ladies in City H and even in other cities. But he didn't pick one. Until Nora's picture appeared in front of him, he got a little excited.
	But he remained calm on the surface, pretending to casually pull out Nora's photo and throw it on the table, and said, "It's all the same. I can’t be bothered to pick one. She is okay."
	The Way family looked at Nora's photo and was also extremely satisfied.
	Patriarch Way said at that time, "You are too picky. So, these girls are the best. And this person, Nora, is the only daughter of the Cooper family. If you marry her, the Cooper Group will be the dowry, and it will be handed over to you one day."
	"Grandpa, I don't think that much. I don't agree because she is the lady of the Cooper family. I'm very vulgar and just don't hate her in these blind dates."
	Although he said this on the surface, Alan was really happy inside at that moment.
	He felt that Nora was someone he appreciated at least. He liked her arrogance.
	Then, he did get married to Nora. But Nora didn't even pay attention to him.
	With the prenuptial agreement, Nora still did what she used to do, and lived a fancy-free life.
Chapter 436 This Is What a Mature Man Is Like
	Alan, on the other hand, fell in love with Nora as he got along with her and knew her more.
	Only today did he dare to tell Nora the secret in his heart.
	"I did not expect that Alan is still a pure man." Nora chuckled with joke.
	"Because I've been maintaining my virginity for you." It was hard to believe that Alan hadn't been in a relationship before.
	"It seems that you are good at saying sweet words." Nora was skeptical of him.
	"I learn them from the TV show to chase after you," Alan laughed. "I'm serious about chasing you."
	Nora looked at him slightly sideways. "So, I'm your first love?"
	Alan put his hand over Nora's mouth and pressed his lips against Nora's ear, saying in a low voice, "Dear, just keep this between you and me. Please do me a favor and don't tell anyone else."
	They were very close to each other, and looked very intimate.
	Hazel and Oca happened to see the scene.
	At the request of her elders, Hazel took Oca to walk around her home and get familiar with the Way Family. When they came to the garden, they saw the couple.
	"Oca," Hazel said as she looked at her brother, "See how affectionate my brother and Nora is. He spoils Nora too much."
	"You know what? They have been married for five years, but they still haven't had a baby. The reason is that Nora doesn't want to have children, and my brother listens to her."
	"However, whether to have a baby is not their own affair. It is related to the inheritance of the Way family, even the Cooper family. Nora is the only daughter in the Cooper family, so Nora's children are descendants of the Cooper family."
	"Both my grandfather and my parents have told them that they should give birth to a child as soon as possible. However, in order to prevent Nora from having children, my brother supports Nora against the pressure of the elders and takes all the responsibility for not wanting to have a child."
	"My brother loves Nora badly; don't you think so? My brother is used to be willful, so sometimes others think that he is a child who has not grown up, but in my mind, my brother has grown up because he has learned how to protect the one he loves most. This is what a mature man looks like."
	"So, I really envy that Nora can marry my brother, who loves her so wholeheartedly that he would rather not have children for her."
	Hazel's eyes were full of envy for Nora. In fact, what she just said was to tell Oca that she hoped she was lucky and that Oca would be the one who loved and protected her.
	"Hazel, you know my personality. If you have any doubts, I think you should reconsider our relationship. Whatever decision you make, I will respect you," Oca put it very gently.
	What he meant was that he might not be able to do what Alan did, and if she didn't want to be with him, he wouldn't force her to.
	Hazel was smart and she knew what Oca meant.
	"Oca, I didn't mean anything." Hazel felt as if she had said too much and was upsetting Oca.
	After all, Oca made it very clear what he was thinking before they decided to be together.
	He said that love was not the most important thing in his life and he was not a man who would talk much about love, so he would not give up other things for love. The reason he chose her was he took a fancy on her and he felt Hazel was a suitable woman for him.
	Of course, in this relationship, he would try his best to treat her well, but at the same time, he would hold the bottom line.
	Hazel knew that Oca was a rational man and he pretty knew what he was doing.
	She also knew that he was not the kind of man who would be crazy about love, so she was probably hurting more in this relationship.
	But what could she do? She loved him more than he loved her, so she could only compromise to maintain this love.
	"Therefore, you don't have to test me." Oca continues, "I've always thought you are the most decent woman I've ever met, and that's why I'm willing to take a longer relationship with you. Hazel, don't let me down."
	"Oca, I'll watch my language in the future so that I wouldn't trouble you." Hazel smiled apologetically. "There are certain things I will keep them to myself, and I know what to say and what not to say. Shall we just turn the page this time?"
	"Sure." Oca agreed readily and didn't bother much. "Go somewhere else," he said.
	"Well."
	When they were about to leave, Alan, who had spotted them, called out, "Hazel, Mr. Moore."
	Alan was so thoughtless that he walked up to them with Nora.
	Hazel stepped toward them, Oca followed behind, and the four met.
	Nora felt a little uncomfortable and she looked at the flowers, trying to divert her attraction.
	"Congratulations to Hazel and Mr. Moore. Well, shall I change my address to Mr. Moore as my brother-in-law?" Alan looked at Hazel mischievously.
	Hazel blushed. "Oca and I just confirmed the relationship," she said. "There is a long way to go."
	"Hazel, why are you blushing? Are you shy?" Alan was teasing her, "You've met the parents. That draws the long way closer. Mr. Moore is Hazel's man, sooner or later, and it's closer to him my brother-in-law. Honey, do you think so?"
	Nora, being named, could only be involved in the matter.
	She didn't raise her eyes, but answered with a nod.
	Oca's eyes were so secretive that no one could see what he was thinking.
	"Nora, you have to teach him some lessons. He's such a blabber." Hazel had no choice but to ask Nora for help.
	"Hazel, Alan wasn't wrong. He just congratulated you and Mr. Moore in advance. Don't take it to heart," Nora calmly replied. "Hazel, Alan and I will leave you and Mr. Moore alone. We have to go first."
	Alan waved goodbye to Hazel and followed Nora into the house.
	When Hazel saw they had left, she explained to Oca, "Don't take what my brother said to heart. He's always joking."
	"He is not wrong. Since I am willing to go back to the Way Family with you to establish a relationship, it means that one day we will get married." Oca didn't take it to heart, "It's just an address," he said. "There's no need to be concerned."
	As Hazel listened to Oca's words, she felt warm and happy.
	In fact, she knew that Oca was not good at expressing his feelings. He preferred to hide them in his heart.
Chapter 437 Bid Goodbye to the Past
	Because Oca came to the Way Family today, the food in the family was more abundant than usual, and all kinds of dishes were placed on the large round table.
	The dishes were all representatives of the eight major cuisines of China. However, as Oca grew up in Country M, he had been used to eating western food, so he was not used to Chinese food.
	But Oca was very polite and didn't show any dislike.
	He was a rather gentlemanly man, and was graceful in all aspects.
	Hazel knew that Oca might not be accustomed to Chinese food, so she picked out some dishes with a clear flavor for him.
	Nora could see Hazel treated Oca with thoughtfulness and love.
	She knew she couldn't see Oca as Oscar anymore. They were two different men.
	She couldn't pin her feelings for Oscar on Oca. If they knew she kissed Oca last night because she was drunk, the whole family would blow up.
	Nora, in order to avoid Oca and to be far away from him, went upstairs to rest after lunch.
	Alan wanted to accompany her, but she asked him to accompany Oca. After all, Oca was the guest. And she wanted to be alone.
	Nora made up her mind that this time she had to make a change.
	During this period of time, Alan also went to the Way Group every day. He seemed to have tried to change himself and make some achievements.
	It was said that cheerful love would make one grow up, and it seemed to be the case. Alan's performance satisfied the elders of the Way family, who thought that Nora must have made a lot of efforts, so although they cared a lot about the children, they did not intervene too much.
	This morning, the sky was cloudy with a fine drizzle. Nora sent Alan to the gate of the villa.
	Alan kissed Nora on the face before he got into the car. "Go in and be careful of catching a cold."
	"I'll go in when you get in the car." Nora was trying to make some changes and be a good wife like Rose.
	Alan got into the car and waved her in.
	When Nora saw the car leaving, she went back to the house. She went upstairs and changed into a white shirt with a black windbreaker, which made her look simple and elegant.
	She took her umbrella out of the house and got in her white BMW to the Asgard Lake Community to pick up Rose.
	She and Rose had made an appointment to visit Oscar today.
	Rose had not been to see him since she came back.
	An hour later, they arrived at a parking lot of Maple Art Cemetery.
	Nora held a bunch of pure white roses in her arms, while Rose bought pure white chrysanthemums.
	"Come on."
	Together they ascended the stone steps and entered through elaborately carved doorways.
	The cemetery was full of flowers and trees. Sometimes the gurgling of flowing water could be heard. The cemetery was exquisitely built and beautiful.
	Nora led Rose to Oscar's grave.
	This was not Oscar's actual grave, but the one Nora and Rose set up for him.
	His real ashes were taken back to his hometown by his parents, who hated Nora so much that they didn't want to have anything to do with her and they refused Nora to visit Oscar in the future.
	All they wanted was for Nora to leave them in peace, and leaving them alone was the best compensation.
	So later, Nora chose one of the best cemeteries in the suburb of City H and buried Oscar's clothes in this cemetery, so that she could visit him.
	"Oscar, Rose and I have come to see you." Nora put the white rose on Oscar's gravestone.
	White roses are generally used to represent pure love, which mean pure, innocent and pure love, and it is suitable for giving them to one's lover.
	In Nora's heart, even though Oscar had passed away, he was still her beloved one and she wanted to send roses to him.
	"Mr. Stevens, I haven't seen you for a long time. How have you been in the other world?" Rose also put a bouquet of white chrysanthemums on the gravestone.
	Rose took Nora's arm by the arm. "Nora and I are fine. You don't have to worry about us."
	Nora glanced at Rose, smiled and pulled her hand away. She took a step forward and squatted down in front of Oscar's tombstone, and then she took a white handkerchief out of the pocket of her windbreaker.
	She dabbed at the picture of Oscar with the handkerchief. It was black and white, outlining his clear and handsome features.
	There was a very faint smile on the corners of his thin lips, which could not be seen without careful observation.
	He was still the man in his prime, elegant and noble.
	"Oscar, it's been five years and I think it's time for me to move on. I guess you want me to be happy, right? I came to tell you five years ago that I was going to get married, and I said if I couldn't marry you, it wouldn't make any difference whom I got married to."
	"Now I want to work on my marriage. He asked me to give him a chance to protect me and love me. I have considered it for a long time, and I think since there is a man willing to protect me and love me as you do, then I should give myself a chance."
	"In the future, you don't have to worry about me. I will live a good life. And I hope you will be fine in another world. Shall we make it a deal? We're all going to be fine."
	Nora also made this decision after doing a lot of mental homework.
	"Oscar, I will not forget you. I'll always leave a place for you in my heart. I will always remember you, remember our days, our love, and our promises."
	Rose stood quietly listening to Nora and Oscar, bidding farewell to the past.
	Nora rubbed Oscar's photo very clean. And then she slowly reached over and placed a kiss on the photo.
	At the same time, she closed her eyes slowly, and tears uncontrollably rolled down her pretty face.
	To say goodbye to the past was hard and sad, but it was also the beginning of a new life.
	Rose watched Nora cry and knew exactly how she felt.
	After all, Nora's love for Oscar was deep and affectionate, otherwise she wouldn't have tormented herself so many years after his death.
	It took all of Nora's strength to say goodbye to the relationship.
	"Mr. Stevens, I think you want someone to protect Nora and make her happy just like you did. He won't let you down and he'll love her for you." Rose looked at the picture on the gravestone. "We'll all remember you, Mr. Stevens."
	Nora's slender fingers caressed Oscar's eyebrows and eyes in the photo, and the tears flowed even harder.
	Rose was also infected, and tears welled up her eyes.
	She raised her hand to wipe the tears from the corners of her eyes and turned to walk away. She wanted to give Nora and Oscar some space and time to bid their final goodbyes.
	To bid goodbye to the past and to start a new life.
	But they would always keep the people they loved in their heart.
Chapter 438 Consider about Having a Baby
	Since saying goodbye to Oscar, Nora began to pick herself up and be true to herself.
	In addition to managing her own restaurant, she focused on public welfare, and paid attention to those who were less loved, especially children.
	She donated money to some especially difficult children's welfare homes, helped them improve their living environment and food, and helped them buy more study and daily necessities. She tried to send more warmth and love to them.
	At least once a month, she visited the Armure Welfare Center for Children, a two-hour drive from the city center of City H, where children were in greater need of care.
	Every time Nora went there, she would bring them more and better supplies and give gifts to each child.
	Alan knew that Nora was doing charity, and he was very supportive of her. Seeing her so positive, he felt that she was changing bit by bit and becoming sunnier and more energetic compared with the past. Her eyes were shining like bright stars now, but he felt distressed to see her work so hard.
	On the one hand, Nora needed to run the restaurant well so as to have more income to invest in more public welfare. Otherwise, she couldn't do it for a long time.
	After dinner, Nora went to work in her study. Several hours later, Alan knocked on her study door.
	"What are you doing here? I'm too busy to talk to you now." Nora was dealing with her business.
	"You've been working for four hours. It's eleven o'clock now. Time to go to bed." Alan said, "You can continue to work tomorrow."
	"It's almost done. If you are sleepy, sleep first. Don't wait for me." Nora kept her eyes fixed on the computer screen.
	Alan felt he was completely ignored and slightly unhappy.
	"Dear, can you pity me once and give me a loving look?" Alan complained about Nora's neglect of him.
	"I'm working. Would you not be mischievous?" Nora gave Alan a sulky look.
	Alan laughed happily. "You finally look at me."
	"What's wrong with you?" Nora said sullenly.
	Now Nora had tried to put the past behind her and get along with Alan, hoping to make a difference in her life.
	Although they were husband and wife, they got along more like friends.
	Alan still respected her. He said they had married too soon and he would like to have a chance to get to know each other again. Just like other couples, they could start falling in love, and to do what all lovers would do, such as sending flowers, seeing a movie, dating, traveling...
	He had to do what others could do.
	He wanted Nora to feel what it was like to be in love.
	Nora slowly opened her heart and took the bold steps. She was happy these days.
	"Here you are." Alan put a gold bank card in front of Nora.
	"What are you doing?" Nora didn't understand what he was doing.
	"Doing charity work costs a lot of money, and you alone can't make it," Alan explained.
	"I can hold on now, and I don't want to use your money." Nora pushed the card over. "You'd better feed yourself with your own money."
	"We are husband and wife, and what is mine is yours. If you are so serious, then just it as my donation. It's that all right?" Alan changed the purpose.
	"And have you had any money?" Nora looked at Alan from head to toe. What he wore was worth a lot of money.
	"Do I look like someone short of money?" Alan picked up the card, took Nora's hand, and placed the card in her palm. "Just take it."
	He knew that Nora was not someone who would easily speak out her difficulties, so as her husband, he naturally took the initiative to help her solve the problems.
	The Way family was not short of money, and even if he did not work, his monthly pocket money was at least 100,000, not including other expenses.
	Now he had worked in the Way Group. The annual salary was considerable.
	"Alan, don't compromise yourself for me." Nora felt owing his debt to accept the bank card.
	Alan sat down on the arm of Nora's chair and wrapped his hand around her shoulders. "What nonsense? I am afraid of wronging you."
	"You're getting sweet." It would be false to say that Nora was not touched at all, but she felt her heart was very warm.
	"I'll stay with you to finish this." Alan changed the subject, not wanting to add to her pressure.
	Nora threw herself back into her work and quickly finished it.
	"Come on." Nora turned off the computer.
	Alan picked her up and said, "Mrs. Way, you must be tired."
	Nora just smiled lightly. In fact, it was not hard to do something meaningful, but feeling more fulfilling and satisfied in her heart.
	Alan carried Nora to her bedroom and sat her down on the edge of the bed. He squatted down looking at her, took her hand, and kissed the back of her hand.
	"Have a good rest." Alan got up and left.
	Nora sat with her hands folded, looking at Alan's back, and said with some embarrassment, "Alan..."
	"Yes?" Alan stopped and looked back at her, looking serious.
	"Have a good rest and thank you." Nora pressed her lips together. Her heart was filled with gratitude to him.
	"Dear, it's my pleasure to help you." Alan said with a smile, "Have a rest, or you'll look tired."
	"Alan, as for the baby... I'll think about it." Nora didn't dare look into his eyes, and her ears were hot.
	Alan's eyes flashed with surprise, but he quickly calmed down. "I'm so glad to hear you say so. But as long as you don't want to give birth to a child, I won't force you. I'm happy to be with you alone."
	"But if you want to give birth to a child as an exchange of interest with me, or if you want to repay me... I can't accept it. I didn't expect anything in return for anything I did for you."
	"The only thing I want is to be with you day and night. Don't talk about babies anymore."
	"Alan, this is not my deal with you. I want to be a mother, too. I just didn't think I'd have the chance. I've figured out what to do after experiencing so many things, but give me some time." Nora was implying that she was ready to embark on a new life.
	Of the three suggestions Rose gave, the first one was the best. Having a child with Alan was the best choice.
	Now that she had determined to repair her relationship with Alan, having a baby would take its course.
	"You need more time to think it over. It's a big issue in your life." Alan was very serious.
	"Yes." Nora nodded.
Chapter 439 Tired of Their Show of Affection
	The weather was fine. Nora and Rose sat at a table outside a cafe down the street, sipping the freshly ground coffee.
	"Did you really say that to Alan?" Rose was surprised to know that Nora was ready to start a family. "You must have scared him, didn't you?"
	"He didn't let the joy get to his head and calmly told me to think about it. It looks more serious than I do." Nora was impressed by Alan's serious look.
	"Have you really thought it through?" Rose sipped her coffee.
	"We should need more time to get to know each other. Just let nature take its course," Nora concluded.
	"Yes." Rose was enjoying the rosy clouds in the distance, which were dyed red by the sun, the color changing from deep to shallow, and gorgeous.
	"What time are we going to the Four Seasons Hotel?" Nora checked the time.
	A month ago, the monitor of their senior high school initiated a reunion party for the tenth year after graduation. Several teachers in their class would attend the party, so Rose and Nora couldn't refuse the invitation. Moreover, the head teacher liked them very much at school, so they arranged some time for the reunion.
	"No hurry. The Hotel is just across the road anyway." Rose was still looking at the sky. "It's better to enjoy the scenery more."
	When the time had come, the two of them walked across the street to the Four Seasons Hotel.
	They went to the box designated by the monitor.
	The waiter pushed open the door of Box 10, which was large enough to hold five tables.
	There was a sofa for resting, and when they had time, they could watch TV or play computer games.
	Many classmates had already come, but as soon as Rose and Nora showed up, everyone looked at them.
	They were they two beauties very famous in City H.
	One was the lady of the Linder family and the other was the only daughter of the Cooper family.
	Now, Rose had married to the Lee family in City J and Nora had marries into the Way family in City H. Both of them were of high status.
	They were, so to speak, the most important people of the class, so everyone gathered round Rose and Nora eagerly.
	"Rose, Nora, we were talking to the teachers about you, and here you are." The monitor was very enthusiastic, "Miss, Mr., can you recognize who they are?"
	"Of course, this is Rose, and this is Nora. The two most outstanding students in the class. It's hard not to leave a good impression on us." The teachers remembered them very well.
	"It was really troublesome in those days. Every day there would be boys sending love letters to them." The head teacher would reprimand those boys every day. "I do not know how much the boys hated me at that time for breaking their love dreams."
	"Mr. Patel had a hard time at that time. He had to deal with not only his own students, but also those from other schools." Ms. Sharp laughed at the thought of it.
	"Well, it seems like it only happened yesterday, but now you are already the fathers and mothers." said the head teacher, her eyes getting wet. "Rose and Nora are in good luck and we are happy for you."
	"Mr. Patel, Ms. Sharp, thank you so much. Without your education, we won't be the ones who we are. Thank you very much." Rose and Nora spoke from the heart.
	"So today Rose and I have prepared gifts for all the teachers and everyone to thank you for your hard work." Nora and Rose had decided to send them gifts.
	Then, the compartment door opened and the waiter brought in the gifts Rose and Nora had prepared.
	Rose and Nora presented each teacher with a bouquet of sunflowers and carnations, followed by a suitable and favorable gift.
	Then there were some gifts for each classmate.
	At six o'clock, dinner time began. There were forty classmates and six teachers in the class, so five tables were enough to receive the people.
	At the beginning, all the classmates presented a toast to all the teachers.
	They were chatting and laughed, very happy.
	The monitor said that after the dinner, they would have a party at No. 8 club next to the Four Seasons Hotel. Since they hadn't got together for ten years, they should have a good time!
	They went Dutch on the meal and everyone gave the money to the monitor, and then she would pay the bill.
	But when she checked out after dinner, she was told by the lobby manager that Mr. Lee had paid the bill for them.
	Rose was surprised that Bright would foot the bill for them. She just mentioned that they were having dinner at the Four Seasons Hotel and then would go to No.8 Club for entertainment.
	When everyone heard that Rose's husband had paid for the bill, the girls were envious and the boys were jealous.
	Then they went to NO. 8 Club, where they were supposed to go to a big box, but when they arrived, the waiter led them to a VIP box.
	"Have you made a mistake? We booked a large box." The monitor looked at the VIP sign.
	"Your box has been upgraded to a VIP box by Mr. Way. He said that he would pay for the club tonight. Enjoy yourselves."
	Nora only smiled faintly, but in the eyes of others, they loved each other very much.
	The classmates had had enough of their shows of affection.
	"Since he's so generous, just enjoy the night!" Nora didn't want everyone to think too much. "Let's sing together to thank our teachers. Who'll go to pick the songs?"
	"I'll do it." The monitor raised her hand.
	The crowd was distracted and found a place to sit down.
	Then the waiter brought in some drinks, fruit and snacks.
	Rose and Nora sat in the corner and glanced at each other as if to say what was going on with the two men.
	However, they didn't know that Bright and Alan were talking about paying the money for each place to show fairness. They just wanted to make their wives happy.
	After an hour, the teachers left one after another.
	Then the people were really happy and totally enjoyed themselves.
	Rose received a call from Bright at this time.
	"Nora, I go to answer the phone." Rose patted Nora on the shoulder.
	Rose was out of the box when she answered Bright's phone, "Honey, what's up?"
	"Rose, I've sent the driver to pick you up at No.8 Club. Doris is asking for Mommy." Bright had no choice but to call Rose.
	"What's the matter with her?" Doris had always been a good girl. Bright could handle her alone, so she didn't need to be with Doris.
Chapter 440 Do Not Interrupt When Others Are Talking
	Without hesitation, Bright told her, "She had a fall at school today and hurt her leg and head. Perhaps she feels painful now, so she misses her mother."
	Bright was very distressed when he saw Doris hurt when he picked her up, but he didn't tell Rose at the first time. He kept it a secret all the time, not wanting to disturb Rose's ten-year reunion party.
	Doris was in a bad mood today. She was crying and asking for her mother. So he had no choice but to call Rose.
	Rose's heart twitched as she heard it and she could imagine Doris's crying her heart out.
	"Good, I'll be back." Now that Rose knew Doris was hurt, all she though was her daughter. She wanted to see how her daughter was doing, and she couldn't focus on the reunion.
	Anyway, she had met the teachers and the classmates and had done what she should do. The teachers had left, so it didn't matter if she left now.
	"The chauffeur is waiting for you at the clubhouse." Bright explained again that he was afraid she might make a mistake and could not find the hospital.
	"Okay, I'll go tell Nora." Rose put away her cell phone, turned and pushed the door open.
	She walked over to Nora, leaned over and whispered a few words in her ear.
	Nora kept nodding. "Go ahead. I'll see Doris later."
	"Well." Rose picked up her bag and left.
	Rose hurried to the clubhouse door, where a black Bentley was waiting for her. The Bentley was like a graceful cheetah slumbering in the darkness.
	When the driver saw Rose coming out, he pulled open the car and Rose got in.
	The driver quickly got around the car, got in, started the car and drove away from the No. 8 club.
	There were fewer cars on the road at this time, so they soon arrived at the central hospital.
	Rose was led quickly to Doris's room by the driver.
	"Mom is coming soon," Bright said softly to Doris. "Don't cry, or your eyes will swell up and you'll look ugly."
	Doris kept crying.
	Rose pushed the door open and came to Doris's side. "Doris, Mom is here."
	"Mom, I miss you, and I want you to stay with me." Doris cried harder when she saw Rose coming.
	"Mom will be with you and I will not go anywhere." Rose looked at blood-stained gauze on Doris's forehead, and her heart clenched.
	"Does it still hurt?" Rose reached over and stroked Doris's head, her fingertips trembling.
	"Yes." Doris was anesthetized, and she would feel more painful when the drug effect disappeared. "Mom, I have three stitches here. Will I look ugly?"
	"No, you are still the prettiest little princess in Mommy and Daddy's eyes." Rose shook her head and smiled.
	"Dad will get the best doctor to treat you and you won't have a scar." Bright added.
	"Really? Am I really not going to get ugly?" Doris, tears in her eyes, was skeptical.
	"Of course." Bright promised. "Don't you believe Dad?"
	"But I'm afraid..." Doris pressed her lips together.
	Rose squeezed Doris's hand tightly. "Doris, it's not how beautiful or ugly a person is that matters. Beautiful people will be beautiful when they are kind-hearted. The most beautiful people in the world are the ones with the best of hearts."
	Rose didn't want Doris to be superficial and thought that physical beauty was the most important thing.
	"But if I become ugly, I'm afraid Brother Dougie won't like me." Doris said in a humbled voice.
	"So that's what you care about." Rose reached out and touched Doris's hair.
	"Doris, you are my daughter. If someone dares to look down on you, Dad would never let him go." Bright said in a dozing voice.
	"How can you say that?" Rose tugged at Bright's clothes. She didn't agree with Bright. "Don't listen to what your father said."
	"Am I wrong? My daughter doesn't have to worry too much. Just be yourself, Doris." Bright thought he was right.
	"Now listen to me." Rose stopped Bright from saying, "Honey, if you're worried about becoming ugly and Brother Dougie doesn't like you, then that means your Brother Dougie is just a shallow guy who only cares about one's look."
	"A really good person will not care about these external things. Besides, it's just a small wound. If he is such a person, then we can also cut the loss in time because such a person is not worth our love."
	"Of course, baby, I don't think Dougie would be such a shallow person. If you think of him like this, it will be an insult to him and not confident in yourself. Since you choose to be his fan, then you should trust your own vision. Mom believes in your vision and Dougie's character."
	"Well, I'm sure Brother Dougie won't be that kind of man, and I believe my vision." Doris smiled again as she heard Rose say this.
	"That's right." Rose tucked Doris in. "Then have a good rest. Mother is here with you."
	"Daddy is with you, too," said Bright.
	Doris nodded, glanced at Rose and Bright, then closed her eyes and went to sleep.
	Rose waited until Doris was asleep, so she took Bright aside and scolded him. "Don't infuse such thoughts in Doris's mind. It's not good for her."
	"You can't let your child enjoy everything you have, or you will spoil her. I don't want Doris to rely on us and know nothing," Rose warned Bright with a serious look, "I can do anything you want, but I have to do what I want with Doris."
	Bright clasped Rose's waist and said, "OK, OK, I will listen to whatever you say."
	"This is very serious. I'm not joking with you." said Rose again.
	"Yes." Bright was also serious.
	"When I educate Doris in the future, you shouldn't interrupt, and you can't defend her and infuse the wrong thought in her mind." Rose made clear the rule. "If you make a mistake, go sleep in the guest room."
	"In the guest room? You can't be so cruel to me." Bright was surprised. That was a rather severe punishment.
	"I have to, or you won't keep that in mind." Rose had made up her mind.
	Bright was speechless.
	"Think about it yourself."
	Rose shook off his hand and turned back to Doris.
	Bright went to fetch a shawl for her and wrapped her tightly in her arms from behind.
Chapter 441 I'm Looking Forward to Your Performance
	The reunion party was still in full swing.
	Nora sat for a while, and felt a little bored.
	As she was about to leave, a male classmate came forward and sat down beside her. "Nora, would you like to have a drink with me?"
	Nora looked at the man and barely remembered him.
	"Let me introduce myself, I am Lucas Russell." Lucas could see the confusion in Nora's eyes, thinking that she might not remember an ordinary man.
	"Lucas... I just remembered your name before you told me." Nora answered impolitely and didn't embarrass him.
	"I have chased you before. Do you remember?" Lucas said. "I sat behind you when I was at school."
	"You were very quiet then." Nora could slight remember him.
	"Yes," Lucas nodded. "When I graduated, I thought I might never see you again. That's why I mustered all my courage to tell you what I was thinking. But..."
	Speaking of the past, Lucas took a deep breath, and seemed to be unwilling to go on.
	"What happened before has passed. Anyone can be young and wild at times. Don't take it to heart." There were so many male classmates who expressed their love to Nora at those times, so she couldn't remember what she had said to Lucas, but she knew she had rejected him.
	"Ten years have passed, and you're as beautiful as ever." Lucas picked up the beer on the table and poured it into a glass. "Nora, I propose a toast to you. May you always be happy."
	"Thank you." Nora raised her glass. "I wish you the same for your job and your marriage."
	Lucas and Nora clinked the glasses and drank to each other's health.
	And then, the monitor also came to have a drink with Nora. Nora could not refuse the monitor, so she had to have a drink with her.
	Then came some of the girls Nora had been on good terms with at school.
	All in all, Nora drank three more bottles of beers.
	During this period of time, she had restrained herself to drink less, so after three bottles of beers, shed was a bit dizzy.
	"I'm going to use the bathroom." Nora was afraid she would be asked to drink again, so she got up and ran away.
	She picked up her bag and went out of the compartment and down the corridor to the public restroom.
	Nora opened the bathroom door and walked to the sink. She reached under the sensor faucet and grabbed cold water to wash her face, trying to take the heat away from her face.
	And then she took a towel and wiped her face. She looked up at herself in the mirror. Her face was white and reddish, and her bright eyes were like stars, gorgeous and charming.
	Nora took a deep breath. She had to leave now.
	Nora turned and steadied herself to the door. Before she had reached for it, someone pushed it open from the outside.
	It was a man's face that caught Nora's eyes.
	"Sir, you are going the wrong way. This is the ladies' room. The men's is next door." Nora was a little annoyed by the man.
	But the man was not embarrassed or apologetic that he had gone to the wrong place.
	Blocking Nora's way, he strode in, and closed the door. Nora took two steps back.
	"What do you want to do?" Nora thought the man was coming at her because his eyes were fixed on her.
	"Ms. Cooper seems to have forgotten who I am." Step by step, the man pushed Nora back.
	Nora stepped back until her back was against the edge of the cold sink.
	She looked carefully at the man with a wicked smile on his face, trying to remember who he was, but she still could not recall who he was.
	"Who the hell are you?" Nora stared at him; her eyes wary.
	"Who am I?" The man laughed even more frivolously. "Think again."
	"I don't bother thinking about people who aren't worth remembering." Nora said harshly, "If you like to be in the ladies' room, then be there."
	The man stood right in front of him, so she could only get away from the side.
	But when she tried to get around him, he strode forward and blocked her way, and even trapping her at the sink.
	Nora had never seen a man being so rude. "I don't care who you are. Let me go before I get angry!" Nora snapped, "Or..."
	"Or what?" The man leaned his head forward and whispered in her ear, "Or you'll beg me to love you?"
	Nora instinctively slapped him in the face, but the man seemed to know what she was going to do and grabbed her wrist just in time.
	"Nora, you're still so hot. I'm really looking forward to seeing your performance in bed." The man's smile was nasty and shameless.
	"You'd better let go of me, or the Cooper family and the Way family won't let you go!" Nora felt that she was powerless and could only suppress him with her families. She hoped that the man would shrink back from difficulties.
	"You know what? I don't give a shit about the Cooper family and the Way family. Just as you treated me with contempt." Anger rose in the man's eyes.
	Remembering the humiliation of being rejected, he could not wait to make her beg for mercy at once.
	He wanted to see how Ms. Cooper, who was arrogant and proud, had humbled herself and abandoned her pride.
	"Who the hell are you!"
	"Nora, do you feel weak and hot not?" The man did not reveal his identity, but spoke about how she was feeling now.
	Nora indeed had such feelings. She felt so hot and uncomfortable and hard to breath.
	"What have you done to me?" She clearly felt the changes in her body.
	"Darling, I haven't done anything to you yet, but you'll be asking me to do something to you soon. Of course, I'm happy to help you. After all, I liked you so much, didn't I?" The man stroked Nora's red, hot face with the back of his hand.
	"To hell with you!" Nora calmed herself down, biting the tip of her tongue and tried to make herself sober.
	With all her strength, she lifted her foot and stepped hard on the man's toes and ran away.
	"Damn it!" The man felt painful for being trampled and looked embarrassed.
	Nora tried to open the door, but she felt weak and couldn't open the door.
	As the man strode forward, Nora gritted her teeth and pulled the door open. As she leaned out, the man pulled her back by the hair.
Chapter 442 Please Love Me with Your Heart
	The bathroom door closed again, and the man grabbed Nora's hair to drag her to a bathroom compartment.
	"Nora, I'll fix you!" The furious man gave Nora a hefty push to make her sit on the toilet lid.
	He tore off his tie to tie up Nora's hands. Nora tried to resist but she failed. She had already lost so much strength that she was too weak to make a single move.
	"Let go of me!" Nora could only scold him. "If you dare to do anything to me, I promise that you will have to pay for it!"
	"I will have to pay for it? Let's see who is going to be suffering now! Nora, Ever since the day you had turned me down, I've been thinking that one day I'll make you suffer humiliation!" Full of revenge in the man's eyes, he said. "I've been waiting so long for this moment. This is such a good opportunity. I won't let you get off no matter what!"
	"I can't even count how many men have been turned downed by me, and as a man, how can you be so fragile? If I were you, I would rather die than live with such a shame." Nora mocked him.
	"Your provocation is of no use. My only purpose today is to make you suffer!" The man was determined.
	The man's lips curved in a wicked smile, and he reached out his hand to unbutton the white chiffon shirt of Nora.
	Nora tried to dodge it but failed, and she could only helplessly watch him untie the buttons one by one, then exposing her snow white shoulders and neck.
	The man's eyes darkened when he looked at her graceful collarbones.
	He leaned close and sniffed her, obviously enjoying it, "You smells nice…"
	"Shameless, you are a pervert!" Nora scolded him.
	The man pinched her beautiful chin, "Since you still have the strength to swear, I don't need to be gentle to you at all later. Trust me that you will be so happy that you will shout yourself hoarse."
	Nora bit her lip and stared at the man before her, "Asshole!"
	"Then I'll show you how I'm an asshole, and see how happy you will be when you are with an asshole." The man stretched out his hand to untie the metal buckle of his belt.
	Although Nora had seen much of life, her face darkened suddenly when the man leaned over and pressed on her.
	Nora closed her eyes, as if someone who was facing death, she could only wait and endure for her doom quietly.
	Just when Nora was desperate, with a sound of "bang", the bathroom door suddenly was kicked open from the outside, hitting the man who was going to rape Nora, causing him to scream.
	Nora opened her eyes quickly to see who was coming.
	Her big, tearful eyes widened in disbelief as she saw Oca, who arrived here suddenly.
	Why was he here? How could he come to rescue her in such a timely manner?
	She was so confused. Anyway, it was lucky for her whoever came to save her.
	"Who the hell is interrupting me!" The man shouted with rage.
	Before he could look around to see who was coming, he had been grabbed by Oca by the collar in one hand and threw out of the bathroom compartment like a trash, smashed to the ground.
	Oca immediately took off his suit jacket and put it on Nora, who was in shattered clothes.
	Then he bent over to lift her up, and walked out of here.
	Nora hadn't taken her eyes off Oca since he came here and lifted her up.
	For Nora, Oca, who appeared to help her when she was most desperate, was like a god descending, giving her hope and a sense of security.
	The man who was thrown on the ground had recovered form pain when Oca walked up to the door. Knitting his eyebrows tightly, he was rubbing his aching buttocks while getting up to catch up Oca.
	"Stop here! Who the hell are you?" The man stretched out his hand to grab Oca's shoulder.
	"Andrea." Oca called out.
	Like a gust of wind, Andrea swept over quickly to hold the man's hand and folded it upwards, only to hear the sound of the bone broken and another horrible cry from the man.
	"This is the price for your disrespect to Caesar." Andrea's voice was cold.
	"Do you know who I am? I am the young master of the Mills family in the capital. How dare you!" The man finally revealed his identity.
	"No matter who you are, you have to pay the price for you dare to hurt Nora," Oca's voice was cold. "Andrea, take care of Mr. Mills."
	"Yes, Caesar." Andrea respectfully answered.
	Once Oca took Nora out of the bathroom, Andrea closed the door, blocking Nora's sight, but she could hear the man wailing like ghosts and howling like wolves because of pain inside.
	"Mr...Mr. Moore, thank you," Nora thanked him. "I dread to think what would have happened to me if you hadn't been here to save me in time."
	"Be quite."Oca responded flatly.
	Nora glanced at his chiseled face, and shut up obediently.
	Oca carried Nora to his car and told the driver to drive.
	Although Nora was save from the clutches of Nathan, the drug in her body was still taking into effect.
	Since she was safe and stayed with Oca, she became relaxed and the drug got the best of her. The drug efficacy came rapid and fierce and she felt so hot that it seemed like there was fire inside her.
	The feverish feeling in her was getting more and more intense. She felt so hot that she had an urge to strip herself naked and soak in cold water.
	Nora looked at Oca whom was sitting beside her. She couldn't help but stretched out her hand and stroked his chest regardless of his shirt.
	Oca stopped her by grabbing her wrist, and his eyes were cold.
	However, it had no effect on Nora since she already lost her mind at this moment.
	She winked with flirtation, amorously, which was charming and tempting and she was murmured, "I…I feel so hot."
	"Sit still," Oca said to her.
	Rather than sat still on her seat, Nora moved agitatedly and sat on his lap, put her arms around his neck, and suddenly tilted up her chin to kiss him.
	She was giving him an enthusiastic kiss. When he tried to pull her away, she kissed him deeper and pestered him like a vine.
	"Oscar…Don't push me away," Nora murmured while kissing him softly. "I have long wanted to kiss you like this…"
	His heart gave a sudden leap and he froze for a moment that let Nora take the chance to continue kissing him hard and deep.
	Nora began to untie his shirt buttons and tore her own clothes...
	Oca realized that it would went out of control if she kept doing it, so he asked the driver to speed up to get home.
	Oca would stay at this place for a period of time, so he bought a villa in Palace Central Garden.
	Once they arrived home, he took Nora to the bathroom upstairs, threw her into the bathtub, and took the shower to spray water on her.
	Nora couldn't help shudder when her feverish body touched cold water.
	However, cold water was not enough for her to counteract the strong drug efficacy in her body, and she hugged Oca from behind while he was going to leave.
	"Oscar, please love me with your heart…" She murmured.
	Nora slowly turned to face him, held up his cold face and she stood on her tiptoe to kiss his thin lips. The kiss was spreading like fire...
	This time, Oca couldn't restrain himself anymore, and he pushed Nora, who got wet all through, against the bathroom wall, and kissed her frantically.
	Taking off Shirts, stockings, trousers, pencil pants... They entangled all the way, from the bathroom to the soft bed.
	They indulged themselves and made love crazily for this sleepless and restless night.
Chapter 443 Let's Forget about What Happened Last Night
	When Nora woke up, she obviously felt the soreness of her body, and it was like she had been run over by a car. She felt tired even lifting her fingers.
	Nora sat up abruptly, for she realized that she was not at her house obviously, because everything here was stranger for her.
	Moreover, her naked body, those red marks on her white skin, and the soreness were a clear reminder of the madness that had taken place the day before.
	"You are awake." A thick and magnetic voice broke the silence in the bedroom.
	Then Nora realized that Oca was sitting near her on the sofa.
	He was wearing a black shirt, which was propped up by his good body, his slender legs wrapped in black trousers.
	With a black suit, a poker face, and the air of indifference around him, he was revealing a sense of sexual abstinence, which made her want to flirt with him and broke his abstinence.
	"I…Why am I here?" She lowered her head and whispered.
	Nora stared at Oca's perfect face, and quickly recalled what had happened yesterday in her mind.
	She didn't know who had set her up and made her drink something with drugs, and she was nearly raped by an asshole.
	Luckily, Oca suddenly appeared to rescue her. Then the drug efficacy got the best of her and she was lost in lust, mistaking Oca as Oscar and making love with him.
	Nora raised her hand and knocked on her head. How confused and foolish were she to even made love with Oca?
	Oh, God! Oca was the boyfriend of Hazel. And Hazel was the third sister of Alan, her husband.
	How should she deal with her husband and Hazel now? It really left her with headache and big trouble and she really had no idea what to do.
	Nora felt so embarrassed now that she almost couldn't breathe while she was in the same bedroom with Oca.
	"Your clothes were torn yesterday. Here are some new clothes. Go change, clean yourself up and go downstairs for breakfast." Then Oca stood up as if nothing had happened yesterday.
	"Thank ... thank you." Nora stuttered. She was like a kitten that had lost its tongue.
	Then Oca stepped out of the bedroom, and it was not until the door closed did Nora calm down and her mind became peaceful slowly.
	Was he here waiting for her to wake up?
	Nora's eyes fell on the bag of a luxury women's clothing brand on the coffee table.
	"Whatever, I should get out of here first." Then Nora got out of bed wrapped in the quilt, and felt the soreness in her body with every step.
	Biting her lip, she stepped over to the coffee table, picked up the bag and headed for the bathroom.
	After taking a warm bath, Nora felt much better. After she changed her clothes, she took three deep breaths in front of the mirror.
	"Smile, smile ..." She repeatedly reminded herself to manage her expression. "Just pretend nothing had happened. Nothing had happened... "
	Nora went downstairs, and nobody was around. She was going to leave quietly now.
	However, she didn't walk further than two steps while she heard Oca's voice, "Even if you want to leave, you may have the breakfast first."
	Nora turned to look at the dining room, and she saw Oca was putting a ham sandwich and fried eggs on the table.
	"Come here." Oca unscrewed the cap of the milk box and poured the milk into the cup.
	Reluctantly, Nora walked over, pulled open her chair and sat down.
	"You need to restore your strength." Oca put the milk cup in front of Nora, and then sat down.
	"I ..." Nora' ears turned red. She didn't have the courage to raise her eyes to look at him, because she felt so guilty.
	She once again mistook Oca as Oscar, and used him as Oscar's substitute. She believed that anyone under the same circumstance would feel insulted…
	Moreover, as they had had sex, their relationship became more complicated. For the whole thing, she knew she couldn't pass the buck for it.
	"I'm sorry, and I really didn't mean it last night. I knew that I can't change anything no matter what I said… What I can do to make it up to you?" She said while her eyebrows knitted and she was under great pressure.
	"Make it up to me?" Oca cut the fried egg gracefully with a knife and fork, and his acts were as pleasant as that of medieval aristocratic childe. "Then, Mrs. Way, according to your opinion, do you think there is anything you can do to make it up for what happened last night? Or for Mrs. Way, everything could be a deal?"
	"I ..." Nora was speechless suddenly. "That's not what I meant. You misunderstood me. You are Hazel's boyfriend. I am afraid that she would misunderstand you when she knows. In fact, the whole thing is my fault. If it was found out by Hazel, I'm the only one to be blame."
	"I don't need any compensation." Oca chewed the fried eggs slowly and his eyes were calm. "The whole thing happened last night was an accident. As long as you don't tell anyone, me either, then no one knows."
	Nora was surprised for a second and then nodded, "Well. Then let's forget about what happened last night."
	Oca looked downed at his breakfast and ate quietly without saying anything.
	Nora watched Oca calmly ate his breakfast while she had no appetite at all.
	She wondered how could he have breakfast as graceful as usual under such circumstance. Then, an idea suddenly struck in her mind that Oscar used to eat with the same graceful manner.
	Although he wasn't born into a family as good as Oca's, he was more graceful than anyone else.
	"Why are you not eating? Can't get used to a western breakfast?" Oca freed one hand to pick up the milk to drink a mouthful, and his sexy Adam's apple moving slowly.
	Nora stared at his protruding Adam's apple. Last night, she had kissed his sexy Adam's apple, while his graceful hand caressed her smooth skin.
	What was she thinking?
	She was supposed to forget about what happed last night!
	Nora realized that her face was burning. She tried to hide her embarrassment by reaching out for the milk and drank two mouthful of it.
	"It's fine." Nora calmed herself down and stopped thinking about it. "Mr. Moore, I don't see anyone else around. So did you make breakfast yourself?"
	"Yes, " Oca replied. "I don't like seeing strangers in my house."
	Then she could be considered as a stranger to him, trespassing on his territory.
	"I didn't expect that Mr. Moore can cook." She thought rich people didn't like to be in the kitchen, especially men.
	"My father was very strict with me since I was a child. In Country M, children must learn to be independent, no matter what background do they have." There was no slightest trace of emotional fluctuation in Oca's eyes. "Cooking is the most basic skill. Otherwise, you would be a laughing stock if you starve to death because you can't cook for yourself one day."
	She held the milk cup and lowered her head even lower. After hearing what he said, she felt so ashame that if the glass had been large enough, she would have put her head in it without hesitation.
	She felt like that Oca's last words were about her. She really couldn't cook at all, so part of the reason for her opening a restaurant was to satisfy her appetite.
	After finished his breakfast, Oca glanced at Nora across the table, "Did you finished?"
	"Yeah." Nora replied, and she immediately put down the milk cup, and it got almost warmed by her palm.
	"But you didn't eat at all. It seems that you really don't like western breakfast." Oca said and dabbed at the corner of his lip with a tissue. No one could tell if he was happy or angry by looking into his eyes now.
	"No, I'm just ... just not hungry." Nora told him that she wasn't hungry instead of telling him the truth that she had no appetite at all.
	"Then let's go." Oca said while he got up to went to the living room, picked up a black suit jacket and put it on.
Chapter 444 She Won't Spare Anyone Who Tried to Hurt Her
	Nora followed Oca to the porch, watched him changing his shoes.
	Then Oca went to open the door, but he did not open it completely.
	Because he saw Hazel was driving into the yard of the house.
	Nora, who was about to sit on a chair to change shoes, heard Oca, "Hazel is coming. Go upstairs and hide yourself. I will try to take her out of here, and you just play it by ear."
	"..." Once Nora heard that Hazel was coming, she felt like her brain was exploding and stopped working.
	"Hurry up, if you don't want her to find you here." Oca urged her in a calm tone.
	You could see that Oca was really very rational and calm. If it wasn't for their love making last night, Nora could never imagine a man as calm as Oca could be enthusiastic as a volcanic eruption.
	Nora picked up her high heels and went upstairs through the living room.
	Oca hurried to the dining room to pack the tableware to the kitchen, lest it be discovered by Hazel.
	When Oca came out from the kitchen, Hazel had pushed open the door and stood at the porch.
	"The door was opened, so I just walked in." Hazel put the bag in her hand on the shoe cabinet and she was going to change her shoes.
	Oca went over and said, "Why did you come here today?"
	"I don't think you have anyone here to make breakfast for you. So I had made you breakfast myself today, and I had brought it here so you can taste it. Hazel had a look inside the shoe cabinet and asked him, "Where are that pair of pink woman's slippers?"
	Hazel chose that pair of pink slippers by herself when she went to the supermarket with Oca, so that she could wear it when she came here.
	There were only two pairs of women's slippers here, except for the pink one, the other was a green pair prepared for the part-time maid. She remembered it clearly.
	"Maybe the part-time maid had washed it." Oca replied and brought her a pair of disposable slippers. "You can wear it for the time being."
	Hazel didn't say anything about it. She wore the slippers and brought the bag to the dining room.
	"Could you get some bowls and chopsticks from the kitchen?"
	Oca was still standing there while he said, "I have already had breakfast. I cooked it myself today."
	Taking the breakfast in her hands, Hazel paused for a second when she heard him and there was a sense of depression in her eyes, "I should have told you in advance. I'll call you first next time. "
	"Well, I'll take it to the office and eat it when I'm hungry." Oca stretched out his hand and took the bag in his hand. "Shall we go together?"
	"I want to stay here and help you clean up your house today." Hazel said and had a looked around the house.
	"You don't need to do the housework by yourself, and the maid will take care of it." Oca did not expect that she would come up with such an idea. "If you are free today, how about going to the office together with me?"
	"I'm afraid that I would interfere with your work if I went there." Hazel said considerately.
	"No one can distract me while I'm working." Oca said. He was right about it, and he had already proved it to Hazel before.
	Oca would be the most restrained and calm one during work, and no matter what happened, he could deal with it with equanimity.
	"Let's go." Oca said.
	Finally, Hazel left with Oca.
	Nora on upstairs heard the sound of the car engine starting.
	She came to the balcony cautiously, and from the corner of the French windows she saw two cars drawing away one by one.
	At this point, Nora sighed with great relief.
	After a while, her phone rang and it showed an unknown number. She picked up the phone and took a deep breath for two seconds before answering the call, "Hello?"
	"This is Oca, Hazel has gone. You can leave now, and be careful when you leave." Oca reminded her.
	"I see." Nora answered. What happened just now was a close call.
	If Hazel had met them when they got out together form the house, then there would have had no way they could explain it to her.
	Once what had happened between them was found out by Hazel, she was willing to take the consequences by her own. However, it was likely to bring Oca into trouble.
	If Hazel got hurt and their relationship ruined by it, she would be inexcusable.
	Hazel was kind to her, and she could see that Hazel was deeply in love with Oca and she couldn't take her eyes off him.
	She had done something so terribly wrong and she had to hide it form Hazel ... She really felt so sorry about it.
	She felt so conflicted and distressed. What should she do? Should her just tell Hazel the truth?
	Then Hazel would be the suffering one, right?
	Just kept her mouth shut and regarded it as a white lie. It was best for Hazel. Nora was feeling better when she thought that it could minimize the damage to Hazel.
	When Nora turned to leave, passing by the soft big bed, she noticed that a stain of blood of which the color went dark was on the light blue sheet.
	She stared at the dark red blood and she realized that last night, it was her first time to have sex with a man.
	She once thought that she would lose her virginity on the day she married Oscar, but what happened later was unexpected.
	She had never had sex with Alan, although they had married for five years. When she just made up her mind to live like all the other couples with Alan, what had happened last night caught her completely off guard, knocked her off course and turned her world upside down.
	She was under great pressure now and it felt like she was going to break down.
	However, she couldn't break down now. She had to find out who had set her up!
	Nora left Oca's house and then took a taxi.
	Sitting on the car, she was thinking that she hadn't had any drinks except when she at the class reunion last night.
	So she must have been drugged during the reunion party. However, she had been drinking with so many people that she couldn't tell who had drugged her.
	Nora remembered that the man who wanted to revenge her last night was Nathan, and he appeared suddenly when she was drugged, which suggested that he must be have something to do with the person who had drugged her.
	As long as she followed this clue, she would found it out.
	For those who bore malice to her and hurt her so badly, she wouldn't spare any of them!
	She didn't go home at once, but called Rose, "Rose, where are you?"
	"I am in the hospital, Doris can't leave the hospital now and I have to stay here to take care of her." Rose answered and she had just finished breakfast with Doris.
	"Then I'll meet you in the hospital. I have something important to tell you." Rose was the only one she could trust and rely on now.
	"OK, I'll wait for you." Rose said.
	After a while, Nora came to the hospital according to the address sent by Rose.
	She had brought some fruits and toys to Doris. Doris was very happy when she saw those toys, "Thank you, Aunt Nora."
	Then, it was time for Doris to take an intravenous drip. Rose waited until Doris was infused with it and asked the nurse to take care of her. Then she went to the coffee shop in the hospital with Nora.
	"What happened? You look bad." Rose knew that there must be something serious once she saw Nora.
	"I was being set up yesterday." Nora was honest to Rose. "Nathan, who chased me when I was in college, was likely to collude with someone at the reunion party to drug me last night, and he nearly raped me."
Chapter 445 I Am a Child Without Mommy and Daddy's Love
	Nora briefed Rose on what had happened to her. Rose was shocked at the news too. Thank god there was no harm done!
	"Who saved you then?" Rose was rather persistent.
	While holding a cup of coffee, Nora was rather cornered by embarrassments. It wasn't that she didn't want to tell Rose. The thing was, she found it rather difficult to speak all that she had went through.
	She had to conceal some details because she was afraid that Rose might lecture her. She didn't want cause another trouble.
	"Mr. Moore was there. He was the man who saved me." Nora and Oca had both agreed that the truth shall be kept between themselves.
	Even though Rose was her bestie, Nora still chose to exclude her out in this secret.
	"What a coincidence! That man seems to be everywhere!" Rose wondered why Mr. Moore was always around, "Had he got any inappropriate idea for you?"
	"No, not at all. He just dropped me off at the hospital. That's all! I waited when the effects wore off, and then I stayed in the hospital for the night." To cover her little scheme, Nora began to sip her coffee, hoping that her nervousness would not be discovered.
	"Well. The important thing is, nothing happened between you and him." Rose was relieved to hear Nora's account, "Honey, I must remind you, Mr. Moore is not Oscar! I don't care how similar they both look. Don't be foolish on him! You shouldn't see him again, now that you have decided to live with Allan. You must hide from him. It's the best that you and he never meet again. Because only then, you will not be seduced by him to do foolish things again!"
	As she recalled, last time when she saw Oca, Nora even kissed him.
	If Allan was there, no one would hear the end of it.
	No man, who does not like to be cheated, shall not be crossed after seeing his wife having intimate activities with other man.
	"I know!" Nora was burdened with heavy thoughts, "Rose, you are the only one I can trust with the secret. I didn't come back last night. Shall Allan ask about it, please say that I had went to your house!"
	Fortunately, Allan was not home yesterday. He went on a business trip with his father to Europe, which seemed to have been for some activity with great importance.
	If not, he would be anxious to find Nora staying outside all night.
	As a matter a fact, she had thought about not seeing Oca again. But Oca was Hazel's boyfriend now. Many opportunities would be there for him to dine with them in the Way's. It wouldn't be an easy job to successfully avoid him.
	She didn't have the guts to face Oca at the present. Guilt had filled her conscience. How she ought to face Hazel now?
	"This is an accident. It will never happen again! I promise." Nora slowly stirred the coffee, "I should have gone with you. That would spare me of the rest!"
	Now it was Rose's turn to feel guilty. She thought that she should have never left Nora there alone.
	"This was not your fault! You shouldn't blame yourself." Nora gently shook her hands, "No one would think that Nathan was in City H. And even some of our classmates had connections with him. I must find out who is the brat behind this! Or I will not let it go."
	If she couldn't find the man behind this, she might get into the same trouble next time.
	"I will ask Bright to assist you." Rose recommended, "He should be able to find out."
	"Actually, I don't want more people to know." Nora expressed her concerns.
	"Don't worry. I will ask him to sign a confidentiality agreement. Besides, he was never a talkative type!" Rose tried to dissipate Nora's doubts.
	Nora nodded, since she was also curious as what the result might prove to be.
	"You look ill. I suggest you take a good rest back home and leave the matter to me." Rose finished the last sip of her coffee and said, "I will telephone you as soon as I heard any news.
	Nora went straight home after they departed at the café.
	Meanwhile, Rose returned to the hospital to look after her daughter Doris. Doris's condition was fine; therefore, she could go home today after she finished her drips.
	Though Rose was not going to bother Bright, but he insisted on picking them up. She did some preparations and had the discharge formalities sorted out.
	It was almost 6 o'clock in the afternoon when Bright arrived at the hospital. He gave a big hug to Rose and said, "Sorry I am late, something came up."
	"It's okay!" Rose fondled his face, "I was just worried that you might be too tired."
	"I am fine." Releasing his grip on Rose, he went down to kiss his daughter's forehead, "hey, my girl, how are you feeling today?"
	"Mommy and daddy kiss Doris. Doris feels pain no more!" Doris smiled at them with a curved eyebrow, "But daddy is unfair!"
	"How so? No, I am not!" Bright felt rather confused.
	"Yes, you are! You hugged mommy first. It means you love mommy more than you love Doris!" Doris drew the conclusion.
	"My girl is jealous!" Bright gently nipped his daughter's face and said, "Of course daddy loves mom more! Because your mom came first, she will always be the boss in our family!"
	"Mommy, who do you love more, daddy or me?" Doris turned to ask Rose.
	Rose didn't know how to answer it. She glanced at her husband before quickly switching to gaze upon her daughter.
	"Mommy loves both!" She chose a compromised answer, "You and your father are both important to me!"
	"You said that you love me most before, when daddy wasn't around. Now daddy is here, you don't love Doris anymore! You and daddy both are unfair!" Doris sighed, "I am just a poor child without mommy and daddy's love. I can only fight to get Brother Dougie's love!"
	"……"
	Rose and Bright exchanged a few glances.
	Bright hold Doris in his arms while Rose gathered their belongings. Then they both went home.
	When they got home, the house maid had already served the dinner.
	For Doris, the food was very health, even to an extent of discomfort in chewing.
	After a busy day, a good rest seemed had been long overdue.
	Rose was just sitting in front a mirror to get on some creams when Bright, in his grey silk pajama, walked out from the bathroom. With the string loosely tied, his strong and healthy chest was exposed.
	"My work here would be done in about a week, then we can get back to City J." sitting on the edge of the bed, he told Rose.
	Rose was still rubbing her hands, trying to get the creams even. She turned around and faced Bright, "Honey, I need you to do something for me."
	He feezed while he was just about to dry his hair with the tower. Staring at her, he asked, "Judging from your look and your tone, you weren't doing anything disgraceful, yes?"
	"Of course not!" Rose protested, "It concerns Nora."
	"What's going on with her again?" Bright frowned unnoticed, "Nothing is ever good with that woman!"
	"Excuse me! That woman, as you put it, is my best friend. I couldn't have you spoken ill of her!" Rose felt that Bright was biased against Nora.
Chapter 446 So Shameless is He
	"How come this be ill-spoken?" Bright didn't get his wife's sudden accusation.
	"All right, but this is not the point we should be discussing." Rose ignored it and tried to get back to the real topic.
	"Can I say no?" Bright spoke reluctantly.
	"I don't think so." Rose rejected his bargain harshly.
	Putting down his tower, Bright went to bed, pretended that he had heard nothing.
	"My love!" Rose didn't know since when Bright began to think so poorly of Nora. It wasn't like this before. Was it all pretended? Maybe it was their nature of mutual resentments between Nora and him.
	"I am tired. Sleep now!" Bright lay down, turning his back at Rose.
	Rose slightly bit her lips, moved towards him and looked at his broad shoulders, "Are you quite sure that you are not going to help?"
	There was no reply. Rose reached her finger to poke him on his back. All she felt is his tight muscle and ached fingertip, "Hey, I was talking to you! Do not pretend you are sleeping!"
	"It's just a small favor, not anything inconvenient for you, really! You can help him for my sake! We both will be grateful." Rose didn't care whether her husband would answer to her request or not, but she insisted on talking to him. She was hoping that by this way, Bright might have a change of mind.
	"You said that I am the boss of the family. Now I only ask you to do such small a favor. Should you be so reluctant and leave me in the lurch? Maybe you didn't mean anything in your marriage vows. Now that you got me, you decided to ignore me!"
	"This is Nora's business you are talking about. It doesn't concern the family or the vow." Bright replied in such fashion.
	Rose deliberately looked upset, "You are never going to help! Fair! I don't need you help! I am sure there will plenty of men who would be willing to help."
	Raising her eyebrow, Rose stood up and came to fetch her cellphone in order to search candidates who might be more sympathetic to Nora's case.
	"Let me find someone who is more warm-hearted than you." Rose spared a casual look at Bright.
	"Who do you have in mind?" Bright asked.
	"Since you are not going to help, I don't think it's your business to attend. Whoever I seek favor to, it won't be you!" Deliberately put it into this way, Rose was trying to irritate Bright.
	Bright rolled the blanket over and got up. With a swift pull, Rose laid down on the bed while he, fixing his wrist on the bed, stared at her on top.
	"Not my business, right?" his raising eyebrow made him looks more serious.
	"Why should you care who I tend to, now that you don't want to be involved?" Rose further protested, "Bright, you are such a bully!"
	When she stopped talking, her phone started to ring. Its musical sound suddenly attracted all their attentions.
	Bright's eye stared at the name that popped up Rose's phone: "Sky Tanner". He squinted his eyes a little. In his deep eyes, an air of danger sneaked out.
	Rose realized something was not right when she saw Bright's face. Even though she couldn't see the caller's name, she could tell from Bright's twisted face that this must be someone he disliked or even loathed.
	"Who is it?" Rose asked, feeling a little dehydrated in the throat.
	"You asked for his help, didn't you? How come you forget the name. Look how eager he is to phone you!" Jealousy was all over Bright's moving thin lips.
	"How can I know who it was when I can't even read the name?" Rose smelled something was burning. She smiled, "My love, you are not jealous, are you?"
	"It's impolite to ignore the phone. Since you cannot move, I might as well answer it for you. You are welcome!" Bright put the phone through with his one empty hand and put it on speaker.
	"Rose, are you available now? There is something I need to discuss with you." Sky's baritone arrived.
	Hearing the voice, Rose knew it was Sky. She looked at Bright. No wonder he was unhappy about the call.
	"I--" Rose was just about to say something when Bright keeled down and sealed her mouth with a kiss.
	The sudden kiss swallowed all the words she had just prepared. He wasn't going to let her go easily. Their tongues began to entangle as their kiss went into deep and erotic area. She was lost!
	At that time, Bright was like a little kid, showing his favorite toy in front of everyone else.
	Though Sky, on the other side of the phone, could not hear Rose's reply, he indeed heard some noise.
	Sky asked again, "Rose, are you there? Is something wrong?"
	Hearing Sky's voice, Bright kissed Rose even more enthusiastically, and even more erotically.
	Realizing what it was, Sky felt bashful. It seemed the call was in bad timing as it had interrupted Rose, and their couple's business.
	Sky quickly hanged up. Seeing the call had ended, Bright let go of his wife.
	Rose felt her tooth aching after the abrupt kiss, and she almost suffocated.
	She gave Bright a hard stare, "Bright, have you lost your mind?"
	Shame on him! How did he dare to let others hear them doing intimate stuff on the speaker!
	"Is it true that you will ask Sky's favor if I refuse?" Bright asked very unhappily.
	If he weren't not home, maybe she would have asked Sky for help, wouldn't she?
	"Even I say yes, what can you do?" Regaining her freedom, she picked up her phone, trying to check the call records.
	Bright threw away her phone again and put her unto the bed once more.
	"Rose, I will show you what I can do to you!" Lowering his head, Bright started to bite her pale shoulders.
	Rose frowned, but she couldn't move an inch, "Bright! It really hurts!"
	"Tell you what! If you did go to Sky, it would feel a lot worse! It is just to remind you of the consequence!" Bright licked his lips, as if he was trying to give the odor of her skin an aftertaste.
	"You asshole!" Rose cursed.
	Instead of being angry, Bright smiled. And he gave her an even more fierce kisses as a reply to her curse. Her every skin was under Bright's whip. He went even further to the place he craved.
	Rose thought about fighting him at the beginning, but she was no match for her husband, not in the manners of softness and insanity. She didn't have enough composure to restrain her horny desires as either. Though she said otherwise, her body knew more of her urgent needs. At last, she resisted no more.
Chapter 447 Apology Makes a Wise Husband
	Next morning when Rose woke up, she didn't know how to describe her pain.
	She was sour, thanks to the energetic Bright. She even felt losing possession of her body.
	"Bright, You S.O.B!" Rose gently rubbed her waist which was barely holding up together.
	Bright loved to bite her pale skin on the neck, bruise on her body had evidently proved what a madness last night had been.
	The Jerk!
	All set up, Rose walked downstairs while Bright and Doris were already enjoying their breakfast by the dinner table.
	Rose walked in and poured a bowl of porridge. She asked her daughter, "Why didn't you wake mommy up for breakfast?"
	She felt terribly reluctant to talk with Bright at the moment. Bright acted poorly on her last night, and he refused to help!
	"Daddy said you were too tired last night. So, you need a good rest and Doris mustn't bother mommy." Doris carefully repeated what Bright had just said.
	Rose stared at Bright, the head of the crime, with a look that could almost kill him. He, however, acted quite normally, as if he was not the one to blame.
	"Daddy said, if mommy gets tired more often, I will have a brother soon!" Doris added.
	Hearing this, Rose almost sprayed out her porridge. Thanks to her quick response, she covered her mouth at once so that it did not spray out. Instead, it chocked her. A few coughs later, her pale face turned red. No one knew if it was because of the chocking, or because she was shy.
	"As a grown woman, you should be careful with your meals. Don't be too agitated when you are eating!" Bright had the grace to lecture her.
	His words and her accumulated anger made Rose hysterical.
	She gave a hard kick in Bright's shins with a stretch of her legs.
	The kick was very hard, and it was unexpected. He frowned out of pain.
	But as an experienced man, he was not so fragile. Soon he recovered.
	"Hurry up, Doris." Rose told Doris to eat quickly. Afterall, some conversation was not for children's ears.
	She had got no appetite now. But she was also terribly starving after last night's 'exercise'. Rose finished a bowl of porridge in order to gain some strength.
	After breakfast, Bright was ready to go to his office. Before he went out, he gave Doris a kiss on the forehead and said, "My baby, you stay here with mommy. Don't be naughty! Daddy has to make money now!"
	"Goodbye, daddy!" Doris kissed Bright's face too.
	"Aren't you sweet!" Bright said while rubbing her hair.
	Both of them seemed have forgotten how they had fought over Rose's fortune yesterday.
	"Honey, mommy love you more!" Rose added in good timing.
	"Daddy, hear! Mommy said she loves me more! I have won!" Doris was thrilled at the news.
	"As long as you are happy!" Bright grabbed his coat and walked out of the dinning chamber.
	Rose scooped Doris up, placed her in the drawing room and fetched some children's book for her to read. She told her to stay still and then followed Bright.
	In the courtyard, Rose called Bright off and blamed, "You shouldn't have said those words in front of our daughter!"
	"Our daughter is still very little. You don't have to be so overstressed!" Bright tidied his sleeves while speaking
	Before Rose turned away, she said, "I don't care! I don't want to hear those words when Doris is around!"
	"Are you quite done? Nothing you wish to add?" Bright reminded Rose kindly.
	"You better not make me crossed. I don't want to talk to you if not for our daughter's sake!" she was quite angry.
	"So, what about Nora?" Seeing how angry she got, Bright wanted to tease her again so badly.
	"……" Rose was surprised that he would mention Nora himself.
	"I cannot decide to help unless you tell me what the help is about!" Bright couldn't have made himself more clearly. As a man, it is not a shame to acknowledge his mistake to his wife. "You can call me later or send me voice messages."
	Rose looked aloof. She never bothered to offer him her reply, only giving her back at him.
	Bright stood where he was, chuckled few times before he went into the car.
	Rose returned to the house to company her daughter. She didn't have to go to her office now that her work in YM group had been completely transferred.
	While Doris, due to her accident, didn't need to go to the nursery today.
	Though Rose was very angry with Bright, she had promised Nora that she would handle the investigation. A promise is a promise! Ten minutes later, Rose decided to text Bright about Nora's situation.
	She sent an account of the situation to Bright, in a manner as brief as possible.
	Received the text while driving, Bright picked up his phone and gave it a careful look. What a trivial matter, he thought. Just to find some guy's connections
	Bright commissioned Bill to sort out the matter and requested that he should do it covertly.
	Then he texted Rose with four words: [Wait for the news!]
	"Why do you agree to help? Is it because you fear Sky might take the job instead?" Rose thought she should mention the name Sky to give him a hard time for. It was to get back on his terrible behavior last night.
	[No] Bright replied with just one word.
	[Then what is it?] Rose was persisting in this matter.
	[Because you have paid me with a good sex. I am quite satisfied! And your efforts to please me are appropriated!] Bright even texted with a smirk face suffixing in the end.
	Reading this text, Rose burst into fury that he almost wanted to smash her phone. But she only threw it at the coach so that it would not be broken. She realized that she had paid a fortune for her phone, and it seemed a waste of money to break it.
	"Bright, you are such a jerk, asshole! No, you are even worse than a jerk!" she was even more angry.
	Rose was infuriated with her breath fluctuating inside her chest.
	She grabbed her phone again and another message came in, [Doris wants some siblings. We should work that out more often!]
	[Bright! I won't make it easy for you. Since today, you can either sleep in the guest room or in the coach. I don't care!] she pressed heavily on the send-out button.
	After reading this message, Bright placed his finger near his lips and smirked wholeheartedly.
	He could imagine how angry his wife must have been at that moment.
	[I apologize, sweetie!]
	Though teasing people was a great joy for Bright, but when it came to her wife, it was also his sworn duty to love her ardently and take good care of her!
	["Apologize? You are too late for that; I will tell you!] Rose sent the message with an angry sticker.
	[The husband who knows his mistakes and is willing to fix it is good husband after all. Apology makes a wise husband!] Bright tried to cautiously beguile her into forgiving him. [Or I can make it up to you tonight.]
	[Fuck off!] On this matter, he would always be the one who enjoyed while she would always have to pay the price.
	She was not that foolish to agree this kind of make-up or punishment.
	[Well, I will make money during the day and get back to warm your bed after dark. How's that for a repayment?]
	[Don't ever come back if you walked away!]
Chapter 448 Mom and Dad Are Playing a Game
	Bright smiled as he read the message and the affection rippled in his eyes, which made the driver feel sweet for the couple.
	'Then don't miss me too much.'
	Bright sent the message over with confidence.
	He could imagine how disdainful Rose was, but he would figure out a way to make her give in.
	As expected, Rose replied, 'Don't think too much. I won't miss you!'
	'Well, let's wait and see.' Bright played with his phone on his fingertip, and looked sideways out of the window. The way he put his finger on the lips and pondered was very attractive.
	When Bright arrived at the company, he threw himself into meetings and then listened to summary reports from various departments.
	He would leave City H and return to City J in a week, so he had to get all things done before someone was sent over to take over his work.
	Bright read the important documents in his office and signed the ones that needed to be signed.
	He put down his pen, leaned back in his chair, and rubbed his eyes to relax himself.
	There was a knock at the door and he let the person in.
	Bill walked in and put a document pouch in front of Bright. "Mr. Lee, this is what you asked me to check today. I have got the result."
	"Good." Bright opened his eyes.
	He picked up the documents pouch on his desk, and took out the papers. Flipping through the papers, he had already known the important messages and then put the papers back to the pouch.
	"Well, well done." Bright was pleased that Bill had finished the task before he got off work. "You can go now."
	"Mr. Lee you, won't you go home?" Bill thought Bright was waiting for the results of his research. Now that he had brought the results over, Mr. Lee should go home now.
	"No, I won't go back now." Bright was unhurried.
	Bill felt it strange. When it was time to leave work, Bright couldn't hide his happy look that he could go home and be with his wife. But today, why was he taking his time? Was it possible that Mr. Lee had a quarrel with Mrs. Lee?
	"Mr. Lee, you are not driven out by Mrs. Lee so you can't go home, are you?" Bill said cautiously.
	Bright glanced at Bill with a cold look. "Don't you want to get off work on time? And there are still many papers --"
	"Mr. Lee, I have an appointment with a friend. So, goodbye!"
	Before Bright could finish his words, Bill flew off his feet, and ran fast away from the office.
	Bright looked at the documents and thought for a while. He then took a picture of the documents and sent it to Rose, but kept the important contents hidden.
	He put away his phone and glanced at it again before returning to work.
	When Rose saw the messages, it was time for dinner. Bright, who usually went home on time, had not come home. Although Rose was calm on the surface, she was already upset.
	She picked up the phone and checked it several times. Finally, she saw Bright's message, but it was just a picture of some information about Nathan.
	It was clearly Bright's trick. He just wanted her to compromise. 'What a stingy man he is.' thought Rose.
	Rose bit her lips and looked at Doris, who was playing with her Barbie princess.
	"Doris, it's almost dinner time and Daddy hasn't come back yet. Do you miss Daddy?" Rose asked her daughter.
	"Yes," Doris replied.
	"Then ask Daddy when he will be home for dinner." Rose raised an eyebrow at her daughter, "but you can't tell Daddy that it's Mommy who asked you to do so."
	"Why?" Doris asked with doubts in her big black and white eyes.
	"Because Mommy and Daddy are playing a game, and whoever starts talking to each other will lose first. Do you want Mommy to lose?" Rose smiled at her daughter.
	"No." Doris shook her head. "But I don't want Daddy to lose either."
	Rose sighed to herself. Daughters are always their father's sweethearts. "How about this: we won't punish him if Daddy loses."
	Doris thought for a moment, then agreed.
	Rose pointed to the children's telephone watch in Doris's hand and indicated that she should use it to call Bright.
	Doris did so. After a few seconds did Bright pick up the phone. "Daddy," Doris said sweetly.
	"Honey, what's the matter with calling Daddy?"
	When Bright saw Doris calling him, he knew that Rose did not want to talk to him, so she asked Doris to call him.
	"Dad, I miss you. When will you come back from work to have dinner with me?" Doris's acting skills were good.
	Rose watched at Doris quietly and gave her a thumbs-up.
	"Dad is working, and I have to finish the job before we can go back to City J," said Bright.
	"Daddy, you must be very tired." Doris felt a little guilty when she heard Bright say so. After all, she was helping her mother, so she felt that she had betrayed her father.
	"For this family, for you and Mommy, Daddy doesn't feel tired." Bright said it on purpose.
	Doris said, "Daddy, no matter how busy you are with your work, you have to take care of yourself. You have to have dinner. So, Daddy, come back for dinner."
	"Baby, you have a meal first. Don't wait for me. I will come back when I finish the work." Bright resisted her daughter's concern and did not waver in his resolution.
	But Rose, listening to Bright's answer, could feel that he would not come back for a while.
	Unless she was willing to compromise.
	When Doris hung up the phone, she looked at Rose, "Mommy, Daddy is working so hard. Why don't we bring him some food? I don't want Daddy to be hungry, and don't play any games with Dad. Dad is working hard for the family, and you should care more about him. If you lost, I also let Daddy not to punish you."
	Hearing what Doris said, Rose smiled and carried Doris in her arms. "Doris is such a good girl."
	"Then let's bring him some food and give Dad a surprise." Doris felt Rose's warm palm on her hair.
	"Yes, let's go." Rose kissed her daughter's forehead and her heart softened.
	At the moment, she did not even care whether she would win or lose.
	"Mommy is so good." Doris put her arms around Rose's neck and kissed her on the face.
Chapter 449 To Enjoy the Worldly Life with Her
	Rose prepared the food, put it in an insulated lunch box, and gave it to Doris, and then she carried Doris to the garage.
	She put Doris on the seat, and then helped her fasten the seat bell. She drove a white BMW instead of the red Ferrari Chandler had had to give her.
	She drove to the Branch of HY Group in City H and parked her car in an empty square.
	Rose looked up at the building. The lights were still on on the top floor.
	She was carrying Doris, who had hurt her leg and couldn't walk much now.
	When they arrived at the door, the security gaurd, who was on the shift, asked, "Yes, may I know who are you?" The security guard thought Rose was a little strange, and was not the clerk of the company.
	"I'm here to see Mr. Lee. I'm his wife." Rose introduced herself.
	The security guard looked at Rose carefully and saw her face clearly. It was indeed Mrs. Lee.
	"It's Mrs. Lee. I'm sorry I didn't recognize you. Please come in." The security guard let her and Doris in.
	Rose thanked him and went inside.
	Bright had given her a pass, but she had never had a chance to use it, and today it came in handy.
	She swiped her card into the gate and took the CEO's elevator to the top floor.
	She didn't come here often, but she knew exactly where Bright's office was.
	She came to the door of the president's office and motioned Doris to knock on the door.
	Doris raised her hand and tapped on the door twice. Bright, who was sitting in the office, held his breath when he heard the knock and listened carefully. He was afraid that he had misheard it.
	All the staff should be off work now, except for the security guard, who couldn't get to the top floor without authorization.
	So, who would be knocking at the door at this time?
	Then there was another knock on the door, and this time Bright was sure he wasn't mishearing it.
	"Who is that?" Bright cleared his throat.
	No one answered, but the next moment the door of the office was pushed open. Bright heard the noise and got up. Then he saw Rose and Doris appear in his office, their smiling faces reflected in his deep eyes.
	Bright was excited at the sight of them, but he didn't show his excitement in his actions or words, but in his eyes. His calm eyes were shining bright.
	"Daddy." Doris called him clearly.
	"What are you doing here?" Bright walked around the large desk toward Rose and Doris.
	"Dad, you are busy with work and can't go home on time to have dinner, so I decided to bring you some food after discussing with my mother." Doris said in smug satisfaction. "Don't you think we're very thoughtful?"
	Bright reached for Doris in Rose's arms and said, "Well, you and Mom are the sweetest."
	"Of course, we love you." Doris turned to look at Rose. "Mom, do you think so?"
	Rose took the thermos container from her hand and put it on the table. "If you think so, then it does," Rose said.
	"I still remember the day before yesterday that Mommy said Daddy and I are the most important in your heart. Why don't you admit it, Mommy? Are you shy?" Doris made fun of Rose.
	"You must be hungry so you are talkative, right?" Rose did not answer her directly.
	Bright put Doris on the sofa. He sat down with her and whispered, "Your mother is shy. Don't tease her."
	Rose took out the dishes in the box and put them on the table one by one. There were stewed ribs, fried beef with chili, tomato and egg soup. They were all homely-made dishes, and were very nutritious.
	However, Bright did not eat the dishes cooked by ordinary people in the past because there were famous chefs in the Lee family and the Ginkgo Villa. Bright also had high requirements on food since childhood, until he met Rose, who changed his eating habits.
	Her world was not as exquisite as his, but he was willing to lower his dignity to enter her world, and to experience the worldly life with her.
	"You did all of them yourself?" Bright guessed they might be cooked by Rose herself by the color of the dishes.
	"I wasn't working and stayed at home to take care of Doris, so I asked the nanny to find another job." Rose nodded. "We will give her a compensation when we leave in a few days."
	Bright nodded. "It's up to you."
	The three of them then had supper together in the office.
	The modern, minimalistic office that looked so serious was warmed up by this lovely scene.
	Bright had never had such a special dinner before. In the office, accompanied by his wife and daughter, he was satisfied seeing their smiling faces.
	He thought it would be very happy for the whole family to have a meal together regardless of all the ups and downs.
	"Daddy, eat more." Doris held the chopsticks for Bright. "Meat is nutritious."
	After dinner, Rose cleared up the table and Bright finished the final work and turned off the computer.
	He picked Doris up, and Rose carried the lunch box.
	He reached out a hand and took Rose's hand. She did not struggle, but let him hold her.
	They took the elevator down to the hall together. When they stepped out of the door, the security guard said respectfully, "Mr. and Mrs. Lee, good bye."
	"Good bye," Rose said.
	Bright just nodded his head to show politeness. Then he asked Rose, "Did you drive here? Where is the car?"
	Rose looked ahead. Bright followed her eyes and got into the car with her.
	Doris, however, fell asleep on Rose's legs.
	When Bright got home, he carried Doris upstairs. Rose then went back to her bedroom after she tucked Doris in the quilt.
	Bright handed her the document pouch Bill had given her. "I'm going to take a shower."
	Then he left with his robe, and Rose took out the papers and looked at them carefully.
	Nathan came from the capital city and was the alumnus of Nora's university. Because Nora's reputation had spread far and wide but no one could take down Nora. He also chased after Nora, but he was rejected. So, this time he must revenge himself on Nora.
	Suspicion now fell on two people. One was named Issac Sutton, who was working for the Mills Family's company, and was fired for making a mistake, but later he was asked back. Another one was Lillian Cole, who once had a secret relationship with Nathan for a while.
	They were the ones who were related to Nathan.
	But who were the two students?
	Rose held the documents and looked back and forth over the pictures of the two persons.
Chapter 450 Drink This and You Can Leave
	Well, she'd better let Bright analyze it to her. Considering his ability, it was a piece of cake.
	Just then, Bright came out of the bathroom and was watching her wring her eyebrows as if she were annoyed.
	Rose said with a soft voice when she saw Bright come out, "Thank you for this."
	But Bright gave her a wicked smile. "There are many ways to thank me, and I like your enthusiastic way last night best."
	Rose was angry immediately, grabbed the soft pillow and threw it at Bright, "Bright, what are you thinking?"
	She was talking business with him, while he was thinking something else.
	"It's fun to think about those things with my wife." Bright accurately caught the soft pillow.
	But she just wanted to focus on the business.
	"Don't you want to know the results about Nora's matter?" Bright placed a soft pillow at the head of the bed and leaned comfortably against it.
	"Don't you care about Nora? It's natural to pay a price for it. Besides, I'm your husband, and you can't get away with it if you don't want to pay for it."
	Either way, he had a point.
	"If they are the ones who did Nora harm, then I will not let them go!" Rose didn't want to argue with Bright.
	"How are you going to teach them a lesson?" Bright looked at Rose's angry face leisurely. Even she was angry, she was still beautiful, "To cost them a hand or a foot, or their life?"
	"An eye for an eye. To deal with them as they did with Nora." Rose thought it was terrible what these people and Nathan had planned to do.
	It would affect Nora's reputation. If Nathan succeeded in this, it would be a great harm to the Cooper family, the Way family and Nora.
	If they wanted to ruin Nora, Rose would make them taste what it felt like to be ruined.
	Bright didn't expect Rose would have such suggestions. "Dear, you make me look at you with new eyes."
	In Bright's eyes, Rose was a kind and tolerant person. She wouldn't use vicious methods to deal with others and turn herself into a villain.
	Even if she was retaliating against a person, she would deal with him with fair and square means.
	But this time, she did not tolerate it anymore and did not show kindness to the vicious people. In Bright's eyes, Rose had grown a lot.
	"If they do not personally experience the pain of others, they will never know where they are wrong!" Rose looked at Bright and asked, "Do you think I'm wrong? Or do you think I've become evil?"
	"No." Bright revealed a relieved smile. "I think you've matured enough to know what ways will work with different kinds of people."
	Rose did not expect that she was praised by Bright and she felt a little shy, "They have crossed the line. I'm not a Virgin and I know right from wrong."
	"Then it's up to you. Let them feel what they have done." Bright paused.
	"It's just my opinion. Let Nora decide it."
	After he cleared out the matter, Bright immediately asked someone to bring Issac and Lillian over.
	They were treated well. They were brought to a private villa built on the cliff facing the sea. Standing on the suspended glass, they could see the strange mountains and rocks and amazing waves lapping the cliffs. But the sound of waves hitting the cliff made people cringe.
	Issac and Lilian were taken to the suspended glass. Beneath them were the rocks and deep sea, like the giant beasts that would swallow them at once.
	They both looked pale, and their backs and clothes were wet with cold sweat, which made them uncomfortable.
	Standing on the glass floor, Nora was not afraid at all, and she was holding a glass of champagne in her hand.
	"Is this a nice view?" Nora slowly turned her head and looked at Lilian, whose legs were so weak that she sat on her knees in fear, and Issac, who managed to stand on his feet but his legs were trembling.
	"Ms. Cooper... what... What did you ask us here for?" Issac asked her.
	"To have a good look at the view." Nora said easily, "Isn't it beautiful?"
	Issac and Lilian weren't in good mood to see the view. They were almost scared to death by the sight.
	"Oh, you don't want to see it, do you? You want to go back, right?" Nora chuckled, and her smile was seductive in the golden sun.
	"Ms. Cooper, could you please release me?" Issac begged.
	Lilian was about to cry. "Ms. Cooper, I... I've got acrophobia. Let me go down."
	"You came here of your own accord, and now you're in such a hurry to leave?" Nora shook the champagne with a look of disappointment. "But if you want to leave so much, I don't want to force you to stay here, but you should show some sincerity so that it's worth my asking you to come."
	Issac and Lilian looked at each other, not knowing what she meant. "We did not catch you, Ms. Cooper," they said in unison.
	"You don't catch me?" Nora furrowed. "You'll see in a minute. Send the wine on."
	A waiter in a white shirt, black vest and white gloves arrived with a tray in one hand, with two glasses of champagne on it, and he presented the champagne to Issac and Lillian.
	Nora took two steps closer to them and raised the champagne in her hand. "Drink this wine and you can leave."
	"Really?" Issac asked.
	"Yes. I won't go back on my words." Nora nodded and raised her glass to them. "Come on, I toast to you."
	Nora watched the changes in their expressions and eyes, trying to capture more favorable information.
	Issac just wanted to leave now, so he didn't think too much and reached for the champagne.
	"Stop it!" Lilian stopped Issac. "Since she went to so much trouble to get us here, do you think she will let us go so easily?"
	Issac was hesitant after hearing this. 'Nora could not be such a nice person. 'Would the champagne be poisoned?'
	His face turned pale at the thought of it.
	"There is no poison in this champagne. I am a law-abiding person." Nora knew what Issac was thinking. "This wine is the same as the champagne our classmates drank that day. If you drink it, I'll have you sent away."
	"Ms. Cooper, can I trust you?" Issac still had some scruples, "I really don't want to die."
	"You won't die. But if you don't drink it..." Nora deliberately created a tense atmosphere, "Then you don't show respect for me."
Chapter 451 It Is Not for Him That You Avenge Me
	Issac totally believed what Nora said, and summoned up all his courage to drink this cup of wine.
	And when he finished the drink, which could decide whether he could survive, it seemed like he no longer had the strength to support himself.
	When Issac dropped his glass, he knelt on the glass floor as well.
	Nora saw that Issac was calm when he drank the wine.
	"You may go." She whispered to Issac.
	After Nora said this, Issac's eyes, which had already been darkened, were rekindled and shining bright.
	"Really?" Issac still had some doubts.
	"Yes, you can go now," Nora patiently repeated it to him.
	Issac raised a particularly bright smile as he confirmed that he didn't hear it wrong.
	He got to his feet at once, but knelt down again because his feet were weak, apparently in excess of excitement.
	"Send Mr. Sutton away." Seeing that Issac was excited to be released, Nora smiled lightly.
	When a person was in the face of death, the desire to survive would be really strong.
	And Issac was very timid, so when he was threatened, he would drink the wine quickly.
	As soon as he drank the wine, the answer came to Nora's mind.
	The man who carried the wine called two men to help Issac down.
	And Lillian, who refused to drink, sat on her knees with her head bowed.
	Nora walked up to Lillian on her seven-inch red heels and looked down at her, "Don't you want to leave here?"
	"I do," she replied, looking up Nora with tears in her eyes. "Ms. Cooper, please let me go. I don't know what I have done to offend you so you take me here!"
	"Lillian, don't put on an act. It won't make me feel any sympathy for you, but makes me feel sick." Nora looked at Lillian's beautiful face. "You know how vicious you are, don't you?"
	"Ms. Cooper, I don't know what you're talking about." Lillian looked innocent, pretending that she knew nothing.
	"Don't you know it yet? Then I'll let you know what happened." Nora motioned a man nearby.
	The man clapped his hands, and two men in black appeared.
	The two men stood behind Lillian, who shuddered at the sight of them.
	"Ms. Cooper, what do you want to do?"
	"Do what you did to me." Nora looked at the man in uniform, who stepped forward and handed the champagne to Nora.
	Nora held up the glass of champagne, shaking it lightly, "Will you drink it yourself or shall I help you?"
	"What difference does it make?" Lillian was angry that she had no choice.
	"It does. One is you do it yourself, and the other is you are forced to do it. See how much I respect you." Nora curled her lips with a smile.
	"I won't drink it!" Lillian stubbornly refused.
	"Lillian, I'm losing my patience. Don't ask for troubles!" Nora was smiling, but her eyes were cold.
	Lillian was frightened by the cold in her eyes, and Nora's aura was so strong that she didn't dare to offend her.
	Nora held the glass closer to her, forcing her to accept it.
	But fear came to Lillian's eyes as she looked at the glass of wine. She gritted her teeth, struggling with conflict.
	She slowly reached for the glass of wine, and as her fingertips touched the cold glass, she gave a slight shiver.
	Lillian took the wine in her hand, and Nora's eyes were as serene as the sea.
	"Drink it and you can leave as well."
	Lillian held the glass. She stared at it for a long, long time, until...
	However, Lillian dropped the glass in her hand on the glass floor, and the glass shattered into pieces.
	The tiny shards even streaked the smooth white skin of Nora's legs, leaving tiny traces of blood that stood out against her fair skin.
	"Nora, don't be dreaming! I know what you want to do to me! I won't drink it!" Lillian looked at Nora with hatred.
	"So, you're admitting that you put the drug in my drink the night of the party." Nora said affirmatively.
	"I said I don't know what you're talking about! There were so many people drinking with you that night. Why do you accuse me?" Lillian still denied it.
	"If you hadn't put drugs in the wine, you wouldn't have resisted the drink so much today. You are afraid that I might have put drugs in the wine and that something would happen to you." Nora found the answer after Lillian refused to drink while Issac was willing to finish it.
	Only a man who knew what the drink would cause after drinking would strongly refuse to drink it.
	"Nonsense." Lillian remained calm.
	"Lillian, I've already given you the chance. If you don't cherish it, then don't blame me for being cruel!" Nora grinned, and her eyes were malicious.
	The man in uniform had already prepared a new glass of champagne and a small brown bottle.
	Nora took the bottle, lifted the cap, and poured the transparent liquid into the champagne, which instantly merged with the drink.
	Lillian gawked at Nora and realized what would happen.
	She sprang up like an angry kitten, trying to grab the drink.
	But the two men behind her held her shoulders and stopped her.
	Vainly struggling, she stared at Nora with her eyes wide and red.
	"Nora! Let go of me!"
	Ignoring her yelling, Nora motioned the man to force her mouth open.
	She tried to resist, but to no avail.
	She could only let Nora pour the wine into her mouth, leaving no drop left.
	Nora's face and eyes were as cold as ice. "Lillian, how does it feel to be treated with your bad deeds?"
	After making sure she had swallowed the liquor, Nora set Lillian free.
	Lillian went down on her knees and scratched her neck with her hands, but it was no use.
	"I know it is not for Nathan that you avenged me."
	Lillian's eyes widened in astonishment, and mixed feelings flashed across her eyes.
	She pressed her lips together, looking sullen, and she said nothing.
Chapter 452 Be the Antidote
	Nora stared at her, not letting her escape and face reality.
	Lillian took a deep breath and then said, "Nora! You say I am vicious, but in fact, you are the most malicious woman! He only saw your sweet and loving side, but he didn't see how wicked you are now!"
	"No, he won't, never!" Nora's eyes widened. "But I can see what will happen to you!"
	"He was stupid to take a fancy to you!" Lillian looked painful and sad.
	"You are wrong. I like him, and he loves me!" Nora corrected Lillian. "Are you jealous that he loved me instead of accepting you?"
	Lillian's sore point was revealed by Nora, and she couldn't help shaking.
	"He will not even take a look at you who had done other people harm in such dirty and mean ways!" snapped Nora.
	"You think you are nobler? Are you not using dirty and mean means against me?" Lillian glared at Nora.
	"I never attack unless I am attacked. If someone attacks me, I will not let him go!" So it was Lillian who had done her own harm.
	"Oh, that's very good." Lillian threw back her head and laughed, and looked at Nora with mockery. "You killed Mr. Stevens. Why don't you go to hell?"
	"Mr. Stevens hasn't been dead for a long time, but you can't wait to marry into the Way family and continue to enjoy your wealth and honor! What did he get? He has given his life to you, and lives in the cold ground forever!"
	"If you love him, why not die with him so that he will not be so lonely? How can you have the face to live a happy-go-lucky life? Nora, if God doesn't punish you, I'll do it! I will avenge Mr. Stevens!"
	"Oscar, this is the woman you love! You've lost your life for her but she married another man! She doesn't deserve a nice person like you!"
	Lillian looked up at the blue sky and howled.
	When she knew that Oscar was buried in a fire, she had cried for him for a long time. In people's hearts, Oscar was a nice and kind teacher that no one would not admire.
	But he was in love with Nora, an arrogant girl.
	A person like Oscar was out of her league, and as a result, they were set apart, in two different worlds.
	She resented that she couldn't help him before and now couldn't deal with Nora.
	"It's not up to you to decide if it's worth it. What has happened between him and me is between us. Don't interfere into our business." Coldness was shining in Nora's eyes. "Lillian, anyone should pay for what they did. I paid for it. Now it's your turn."
	Lillian narrowed her eyes. "Nora, Mr. Stevens won't forgive you for doing this!"
	"And what you did to me... Do you think he'll forgive you?" Nora looked cool. "Take her to where she needs to go. Someone wants her now."
	Lillian was dragged away by two men dressed in black, and couldn't resist.
	"Nora, your sins will find you out!" cursed Lillian. "You will go to hell! Nora, as long as I am alive, I will not let you go!"
	Nora didn't care about the swearwords at all.
	She had been in hell since Oscar's death, and she indeed had been restless for five years.
	What else would she be afraid of?
	Nora poured a glass of champagne and raised it to the sky with a soft smile on her lips. "Here's to you."
	She raised the glass of champagne to her red lips and drank it slowly.
	Nora put down her glass, turned around, and left.
	Lillian, who had been taken away by a van with her head covered, and she could not see anything. The drug began to take effect and her limbs were becoming weak. She leaned on the back of the chair, and she was too weak to move.
	As time went on, the feeling of powerlessness would abate, but she began to feel hot and uncomfortable...
	When the van stopped in front of an abandoned house, Lillian was forcibly taken off the car and sent into a house, where she was pushed to the ground. The ground was soft, like there was a layer of cotton.
	"Where is this?" Unable to see anything, she was afraid.
	But no one paid any attention to her. All she heard was the door closing.
	She wanted to get up, but she couldn't. She grew hotter and hotter, which meant the medicine grew stronger and stronger, and then she could not control herself and needed a man to solve it.
	Lillian bit her lips, sweating more and more, and becoming less conscious.
	She didn't want to end up being slept with!
	Just then footsteps sounded, and she felt a person was pushed towards her and falling down beside her.
	Lillian could feel it was a man. She moved away in fear, but when she moved, she was pulled back and the cloth was removed from her head.
	For a moment she did not get used to the light. She closed her eyes reflexively, then opened them again. A familiar man's face was caught in her eyes.
	She was so shocked that she couldn't speak, but stared at Nathan with her eyes wide open.
	"How... can it be you?" Her tongue seemed to be tied in knots.
	She never thought it would be Nathan Mills. He lived in the capital and the Mills family was well-known. Wasn't Nora scared of the Mills family at all?
	"Don't talk nonsense. I feel terrible." Nathan had an abnormal flush on his face and he breathed heavily.
	Before Lillian knew what to do, Nathan pushed her down on the cushions.
	The room was simple. There was nothing but a cushion in the room.
	"Nathan, let go of me!" Lillian was shocked. "Don't touch me."
	Although she and Nathan had been secretly dating, she didn't like him at all, and she approached him just to use him to fight against Nora, so nothing ever happened between them.
	Then they shared the same idea and had a common enemy, Nora, so they established partnership.
	But they did not expect that Nora saw through them and retaliated against them, which was why they were here.
	She had been brave with Nora just now, but now when she was facing Nathan, her fear escalated.
	"Don't put on an act." When Nathan as rejected, he was so angry that he slapped Lillian in the face.
	Lillian couldn't resist at all, and Nathan tore her clothes apart.
	At that time, Lillian's medicine had already dominated her mind. Instead of resisting, she couldn't help cooperating with Nathan. Besides, Nathan had already been unable to resist the strength of medicine, so they slept together.
	And they became the antidote to the other.
Chapter 453 I'll Let You Go If You Beg Me
	After that, Nathan was relieved, feeling refreshed and comfortable as if he had been reborn.
	He put on his trousers and his shirt, buttoning them one by one.
	Lillian, who was awake, clutched her clothes and huddled in the corner, crying.
	Her fair skin was covered with the marks Nathan had just left.
	Nathan was such a playboy. How could he easily let go of Lillian.
	The only sound in the quiet room was her crying, which annoyed Nathan. "Why are you crying? It's your pleasure to let me play."
	"Jerk!" Lillian scolded him.
	"You know whether I am jerk or not." Nathan turned and looked at Lillian, who was in tears. "What? Do you want to go over it again?"
	Lillian bit her lips. "Nathan, I won't let you go."
	"How can you have the nerve not to let me go?" Nathan snorted coldly, "Lillian, you are not Nora, and you have no right to fight me! And I did not create this situation alone."
	"If you didn't use me to get back at Nora, how did she fight you back? Blame yourself for being incapable. And you even get me in trouble. What is there to be wronged by making it up for me? Too many women want to climb into my bed!"
	"So? Of all the women who want to get into your bed, there is no me, nor Nora..."
	Nathan got angry and slapped Lillian in the face.
	The slap was so hard that Lillian's lips were injured and blood ran down the corners of her mouth.
	Nathan's face darkened and he held her jaw. Lillian felt even more painful by the pinch, and her eyebrows twitched tightly.
	Nathan showed no mercy to her, and smiled evilly, "Lillian, don't be so shameless! Just now you were pretty enthusiastic."
	Lillian felt ashamed as she remembered what had happened. "It was because I was drugged!"
	Nathan seemed to be insulted and his eyes turned cold and sharp. "Good, very good! Then I'll give you a taste of how it feels to be rather dead than alive!"
	Nathan shook Lillian off, and she fell aside like a broken doll.
	When Nathan was dressed, he went out to find a rope and tied Lillian up.
	"Nathan, get off me, you bastard! Scum!" Lillian cursed him.
	"Lillian, you wait for me." said Nathan bitterly.
	Then he left, and Lillian panicked. She did not know she would end up being here.
	Nathan left and came back for a while. But this time, there was not only him. He brought a couple of guys with him.
	In a trance, Lillian opened her eyes, saw Nathan and the men.
	"What do you want to do..." Her voice trembled.
	"This woman is yours. Have fun." Nathan said merrily.
	"Nathan!" Lillian shouted and her eyes turned red.
	She didn't expect that Nathan would let someone else to humiliate her.
	"Beg me, and I'll let you go." Nathan raised his eyebrows and looked haughty.
	Lillian looked at the eager men, who looked like hungry wolves that wanted to tear her apart and eat her.
	She had to give in under the situation.
	"Nathan, I beg you to let me go," she begged Nathan.
	"What? I didn't hear you." Nathan was happy to find fault. "How dare you call me by my name?"
	"Mr. Mills, please let me go." Lillian begged him. "I did it of my own free will..."
	Nathan laughed with satisfaction. "Good girl. If you had been so good, things would have been much better, right? Now..."
	He turned around and looked at the men he had brought. "Do you think I should let her go?"
	"Mr. Mills, women won't be good unless they are taught a lesson."
	"That's right, Mr. Mills. You couldn't have called us here in the middle of nowhere, could you?"
	"Yes, Mr. Mills. How can we ever trust you in the future?"
	Nathan looked at Lillian and said, "See? It's not that I don't let you go. My brothers refused to do it."
	"Mr. Mills, keep your word." Lillian tightened her fingers and she felt nervous.
	"I won't touch you." Nathan curled his lip. "But you can talk it over with them."
	Nathan turned and walked away. Lillian tried to run after him, but she was stopped.
	"Nathan, I won't let you go!"
	"You will suffer after a while," Nathan sighed. "What a pity."
	Nathan left the house, got into a car and left.
	Then another car stopped in front of the house, and several men got out of the car and entered the house.
	Inside the house, the woman's screams mingled with men's wild laughter, but the next moment, all went silent.
	Lillian watched as the men Nathan had brought were knocked down. She covered her mouth, her eyes wide open, and she couldn't utter a word.
	As the others drew nearer, she was so tired that she fainted.
	When Lillian woke up again, it was daylight and the sea breeze was coming through the cracks in the French Windows.
	She looked at the strange room; the white and blue decor made her feel very calm and quiet.
	She moved, but she felt pain all over.
	"You are awake." came a cold voice.
	Lillian saw a figure step into the room and stood at the end of her bed.
	She could see by the light that it was Nora, and her eyes widened in fear.
	"You... Where I am? Why am I here? What are you going to do to me?" Lillian asked a few questions in a hurry, feeling fearful.
	"It was I who sent for men to save you and brought you to this villa." Nora's voice was calm. "You have already reaped the consequences. I am not in the habit of taking advantages of others."
	"Why..." Lillian couldn't retort. "Why did you save me? You'd be happier if I were dead."
	"You want to die? It looks like I was meddling," Nora chuckled. "I can send you back to Nathan right away if you want to die. Give you three seconds to think about it, all right?"
	"One, two, three --"
	"No!" Fear filled Lillian's heart. "I... I..."
	She choked up, and tears welled up in her eyes.
	"You can rest assured that the men Nathan brought have not harmed you." Nora's rescue was just in time to prevent what might have been a tragedy. "You can recover here. Nathan won't be able to find you."
Chapter 454 We Work Together to Bring Him down
	Lillian was deeply dissatisfied with Nora. "Don't think I'll thank you for doing this! Don't you forget who should be blame for me ending up like this! Nora, in my heart you are just like Nathan! You're all assholes."
	"Do you think you can trample on others' life and dignity just because have a good family background? Nora, I hate you! I will not spare you as long as I am alive."
	"Lillian, don't think you are poor and innocent! Nora felt Lillian was naive. "Five years ago, Oscar and I were in love, but you were shameless and trying to seduce him."
	"Now that he's gone, you framed me in the name of revenge, just to justify your actions and make yourself feel better. If you never make waves, you will not be swept away."
	"Lillian, I am not a person easy to mess with. If you dare to use such bad means against me, then I have the ability to let you suffer from what you did. If you don't provoke me, I will not get back on you."
	"If you hadn't done anything evil, how could it come back to you? But this time, it's you who suffer, so you can't accept it. But have you thought about the consequences I would face when you did this?"
	"When I was humiliated by Nathan, what I felt is what you feel now. I'm married, and I'm sorry not only to myself, but to my husband, and to the reputations of two families. I'm under a lot more pressure than you are. So, Lillian, don't think you're a good guy. You don't deserve it!"
	Nora spoke in one breath, letting off her pressure she had been feeling. "Think for yourself why you are in this situation. Shouldn't you be responsible for it?"
	Lillian was silent, and felt a little shameless in her heart, but she still did not apologize. After all, she could not let go of what Nora had done to her.
	"It's none of my business if you want to live your life like this. Get out of here when you're well rested. If you're hungry, clean up and come down to eat." Nora turned and left the large and quiet bedroom.
	Lillian sat on the bed and closed her eyes.
	She felt conflicted and painful. She admitted that what Nora said was reasonable. If she hadn't made waves, nothing would have happened.
	She grasped the quilt, and the silk coverlet went messy, just like her heart.
	Lillian had thought a lot before she got up to clean up herself.
	The clothes prepared were brand new, and she came out of the shower and put on the clothes.
	She looked her haggard face in the mirror. It was just a few days, but she seemed to be much older.
	Lillian saw the makeup on the dresser and she put on a makeup to improve her complexion.
	After Lillian went to the curved staircase, the servant invited her to the dining room.
	Nora was sitting at the main table having breakfast alone. She was wearing a red dress with long wavy hair, and she was always like the most dazzling and passionate red rose. She had the ability to draw everyone's attention to her.
	Lillian, who always thought she was in good shape, felt dwarfed in front of Nora.
	Lillian went over and the servant brought the breakfast before her. "Please enjoy yourself, Ms. Cole."
	Lillian looked at Nora and her throat stiffened. "Thank you for saving me," she said stiffly.
	"Don't be so hard on yourself if you're so reluctantly." Nora drank her milk slowly and turned her eyes toward Lillian. "Besides, I saved you not only because I didn't like what Nathan did to you, but because I have a proposal that I need you to cooperate with."
	Lillian stared at Nora, waiting for her next words.
	"Have breakfast first. Or you will feel weak."
	Lillian looked away, lowered her eyes, and silently picked up the sandwich on the plate and took a bite.
	Nora had finished her meal and was dabbing at the corners of her lips and fingers with a napkin.
	She put down her napkin and said, "I'll wait for you in the living room. Take your time."
	Lillian nodded and went on eating her breakfast. She was really hungry now.
	When Lillian had finished eating, she went to the living room and sat down on the sofa.
	Nora was reading the latest fashion magazine, with rose tea on the table. The exquisite saucer looked expensive.
	There were some fresh fruits and snacks on the tea table as well
	"It's good for woman's skin to drink some scented tea." Nora asked her servant to pour Lillian a cup of tea.
	"Tell me what you want." Lillian went back to business.
	Nora closed the magazine in her hand and placed it gently on the coffee table. "Do you want to avenge yourself?"
	"Avenge myself? On you or on Nathan?" Lillian gave a slight smile. "Nathan's right. I am nobody compared with you."
	"But I know where I am today. I hurt you once, and you taught me a lesson. We're even now."
	"Good." Nora readily agreed, "We got even, but what about Nathan? We can take him down if we work together. Are you willing to work with me?"
	Lillian dropped her eyes. "To work with you? The Mills family is powerful. Can we do it? If anything happens to Nathan, the Mills family will come after us, right? Nora, don't make things too simple."
	"Nathan's misdeeds over the years were not against you or me once. The reason why he is safe and sound is because the Mills family can arrange everything for him. Even if you are the lady of the Cooper family, you can't stand up to him. It's not wise to stand up to the Mills family."
	"I wouldn't put us in danger if I can't handle the matter. So what if he has the Mills family supported him? In addition to being the lady of the Cooper family, I am also a member of the Way family. If that doesn't work, I still have Rose, the Bright family. Who do you think has the better chance to win?"
	"Of course, you can choose not to work with me. Then I'll think of other ways to deal with him." Nora didn't want to force Lillian.
	"What do you need me to do?" Lillian trusted Nora, and she didn't want to let Nathan take pleasure in her pain.
	Nathan not only slept with her, but also let other men humiliate her. If Nora hadn't stopped it, the consequences would have been terrible.
	She didn't know if she would have had the courage to live if the terrible thing happened.
	Naturally, she hated Nathan and wanted him to be punished. Only then could she feel calm in her heart. Otherwise, she had suffered for nothing.
Chapter 455 His Petty Jealousy
	Nora, seeing her wavering, knew Lillian was considering working with her.
	"All you need to do is go to the police and file a complaint against Nathan for the rape violence."
	Lillian's face turned pale at hearing that.
	"What did you say?" she asked, her lips fluttering.
	"Charge Nathan for the rape and the police will arrest him," Nora repeated, "Did I make myself clear?"
	"Yes, he has done that to me, but I have no proof at all, and the police will not believe me just because I tell them something." Lillian wondered if this was too hasty.
	"I have the proof, or I wouldn't have asked you to sue him." Nora took a sip of rose tea and cleared her throat. "So now you have to decide whether to do it or not."
	"It's hard for you to do this because you will put your reputation on the line, but it's also the best time to take Nathan down. If you dare to come forward, I will find other women who were hurt by Nathan to testify it, and there will be no problem getting Nathan convicted and jailed for 10 years."
	"As for the Mills family, no matter how powerful they are, it is impossible for them to resist the huge force of public opinion. The world was calm because what Nathan did has been suppressed, and now if what he has done is exposed, they couldn't risk the Mills family's reputation to cover the truth. The best choice they will make is to give up Nathan, and protect the reputation of the Mills family."
	You should know that Nathan is not the only male descendant in the Mills family. The generation of the Mills family is also fighting with each other for the inheritance right of the Mills family. Nathan's enemy is our friend. If you don't do it, I won't force you. It's up to you."
	"After this I will give you a card as compensation, and you can travel wherever you want. Anyway, if Nathan ever gets in your way, you can come to me. I'll always be there for you."
	Nora made it very clear that she wanted to use Lillian for her own purpose, but she let Lillian decide whether to help her.
	Lillian flustered as she heard it, "Let me think about it."
	The matter would have many things involved, and the consequences would be serious. So, she had to be careful.
	"Good. You can stay here while you make your decision, and the servants will take care of you. Call me if you need anything." Nora stood up. "I have to leave now. Have a good rest."
	Before she left, Nora told her servant, "Take good care of Ms. Cole."
	Nora drove off in her red Porsche.
	She drove all the way to Asgard Lake Community, Rose and Bright's home.
	Nora parked the car, grabbed the best wine from the trunk and went to the door.
	Rose answered the doorbell, "You are the last one to arrive."
	"So I took a vintage La Romanee-Conti." Nora gave the wine in front of Rose.
	Rose took the wine and Nora changed her shoes. Then they walked arms in arms into the living room together.
	In the living room, Jayden, Sia and Matthew were chatting together. Wyatt was playing with Doris.
	Her husband, Alan, whom she hadn't seen for some time, was also here.
	They were all Rose's best friends in City J.
	Bright and Rose were going back to City J tomorrow, so they invited their friends to have a dinner together, as a farewell dinner.
	When eating at home, one of the problems was who would cook?
	Bright was not willing to do it, and he didn't want Rose to do it either. But Rose thought it was difficult to ask nanny to cook so many dishes alone.
	Finally, Bright asked one of the chefs from the Bright family to come by plane to solve today's dinner.
	Rose cooked a dish under the guidance of the chef to show her sincerity to her friends.
	"Why are you here too?" Nora looked at Alan with some surprise. She was obviously not ready to face him.
	"I got an invitation from Mr. Lee, so I came the moment I got off the plane." Alan had not taken a break to get over the jet lag. "Have you taken care of yourself while I've been away?"
	"I'm fine." Nora was very relaxed.
	When Bright saw that Nora was holding Rose, he felt jealous, "Mr. Way, take care of your wife. Don't let her cling to my wife all the time."
	"Mr. Lee, you are too jealous." Nora smiled unkindly.
	Bright stepped forward to free Rose from Nora's clutches. "Mr. Way is the one you should be holding."
	"Mr. Lee, you are indeed pretty jealous." Nora shook her head.
	Alan stepped forward and took Nora's hand. "Dear, you don't have to say it out. You can put that in your heart."
	Nora gave a blank look at Alan.
	"The dishes have been served. Let's have dinner." Rose dispersed the awkwardness by changing the subject.
	Everyone moved to the dining room, where the dishes had been ready. They were all made by the top chef. The color and the smell made them drool.
	Rose poured the wine for everyone and proposed a toast with Bright to everyone, "All good things will come to an end. Tomorrow we will leave City H, but we will always keep you in mind. Bright and I welcome you at City J."
	"Wherever you are, we will wish you and your family a lifetime of happiness."
	"Cheers."
	The adults were drinking, and Wyatt and Doris clank glasses of juice.
	"Doris, no matter where you go, we are best friends. I will always remember you. Don't forget me." Wyatt was worried.
	"Of course I won't forget you, and we'll always be good friends. We can make a video call. When we grow up, we can go to the same university and continue to be classmates." Doris pictured the future promising.
	"Good, I will study hard." Wyatt said adamantly.
	They drank the juice, a symbol of friendship and blessing, and kept each other's full wishes in mind.
	At the dinner table, everyone was very enthusiastic, talking and laughing merrily.
	In the evening, they had barbecue buffet in the yard, and they had a great time.
	"Doris, can I give you a hug?" Wyatt asked.
	"Sure." Doris opened her arms in welcome.
	The two children embraced each other. What a beautiful and warm scene.
	Rose took a photo of them as something to remember.
Chapter 456 His Gentleness Is Only for His Wife
	The next morning, Bright got up early to go exercise. Even if he was leaving here today, he did not intend to stop exercising.
	Years of fitness and self-control kept him in good mental and physical state.
	Every time Bright's upper body was naked, the tight lines and clear texture of his muscle were so sexy that Rose could not help but take a few looks at him.
	She wondered if she was so hungry and even enjoyed appreciating Bright's figure.
	If Bright knew she was so hungry about his figure, he would have made fun of her.
	After Bright got up, Rose also got up to prepare breakfast. Because the servant would not come to work since yesterday, so she had to prepare it by herself.
	Rose cleaned up casually and went downstairs after getting up. As soon as she entered the kitchen, she saw the chef employed by Bright was busy in the kitchen.
	"Mrs. Lee, good morning." He smiled at Rose.
	The chef was a man of one-fourth German ancestry. He was about forty, but looked like he was only about thirty-five.
	His facial profile looked more chiseled than that of the local people. His hair and pupils were not pure black. He looked gentle and kind.
	"Abel, good morning." Rose greeted him as well.
	She forgot that although they had dismissed the servant, there was still a first-class chef at home.
	Bright had asked Abel to stay here and then go back to City J with them.
	"What can I do for you?" Rose was ashamed of her bad memory.
	"Thanks. I'll be fine on my own. Just wait for enjoying breakfast." Abel was comfortable with breakfast alone.
	Seeing Abel control the kitchen easily, Rose really admired. She used to be in a great bustle while making breakfast for herself and Doris.
	"Then thank you." Rose knew there was nothing she could do.
	"Part of my duty." Abel smiled and the dimple showed on his face.
	"You go ahead. I'll go see if Doris is up." Rose then left Abel to make breakfast.
	She turned to leave and hurried upstairs, going straight into her bedroom and lying on the king-size bed.
	She wouldn't have gotten up so early if she had remembered that Abel was there.
	She looked at the time and saw that it was 6:50 now. She could sleep a little longer.
	So Rose slept again until Bright came home from his morning jogging.
	He looked at Rose, who was still sleeping in bed, and went into the bathroom.
	After washing up, Bright went into the dressing room in a white bathrobe and selected a light blue shirt and a dark blue plaid suit.
	Because he was not at work, he chose the casual clothes and did not wear a tie.
	He stepped out of the dressing room and buttoned his cufflinks while walking to the bed. He leaned over and reached out to pat Rose's pretty ass, "Breakfast should be ready. I'll go get Doris. Quickly clean up."
	"Alright." Rose responded, but she was so sleepy.
	Bright turned around and went to his daughter's room. Doris was already awake, but was hesitating which dress to wear.
	When Doris saw Bright, she ran to hug him, "Daddy, which dress do you think I look beautiful in?"
	"My little princess will look beautiful in any dress." Bright took Doris' hand and walked to her dressing room, which was full of all kinds of cute and sweet princess dresses.
	"I want to dress up extra pretty today." Doris said seriously.
	"Why?" Bright asked her.
	"Because I am going to Daddy's house today, and will see my grandparents. So, I have to look good and make a good impression on them." Doris took this matter seriously.
	"You've made a good enough impression on them." Bright looked at the dresses and picked out a white, long-sleeved dress for her.
	This dress was very simple, with only a few small round cutouts embellished on it.
	"Dad, I believe in your taste."
	Doris didn't hesitate to take it and put it on. Sure enough, the simpler the better.
	Doris inherited all the advantages of Bright and Rose. She had delicate facial features and bright eyes. Her eyelashes were already more curly and dense than adults at such a young age. When she grew up, she must be a beauty with a perfect face.
	The weather had turned cold. So Doris was wearing white thermal socks and a jacket. With long black hair and fair skin, she looked cute.
	After Bright and Doris came downstairs, Abel served breakfast for them. But he was puzzled why Rose was not there.
	"Where's Mrs. Lee? Didn't she get up? She said she'd help..."
	Bright looked to Abel, "Are you sure she's up?"
	Abel nodded heavily and told the story.
	Bright smiled lightly, "She rarely gets up early. So, she must be sleepy now. Don't mind. Just sit down to have breakfast."
	"Are you sure we don't call Mrs. Lee to have breakfast? It's not good for health if she doesn't have breakfast." Abel wanted Bright to go get Rose.
	Bright, however, was already cutting up fried eggs, "For her, sleeping is more important than eating."
	"..." As a chef, Abel could not understand.
	"Just get her something to eat on the plane later." Bright understood Rose's love of sleep and was pleased to indulge her.
	"Mr. Bright, you've changed a lot." Abel clearly felt the change of Bright.
	He had been working for Bright at Ginkgo Villa for ten years. He always thought Bright was a stern man. Everything must be done according to the rules, and no one could cross the line that he had drawn.
	Now it seemed that the line had been crossed and he had such a doting smile.
	"What have I changed?" Bright raised his eyebrows.
	"I can't get the words out. Anyway, you are gentler than you used to be." Abel said his feelings.
	Bright glanced at Abel coldly, "Do you still think I'm gentle now?"
	Abel was nervous, "It seems your gentleness is only for Mrs. Lee."
	"Abel, you are wise." Bright withdrew his gaze meaningfully.
	Bright went back upstairs after breakfast and began to pack his belongings he had to take.
	Most of belongings would be left here. A bellhop would be hired to come and clean it regularly.
	When Bright finished packing, Rose still hadn't moved. So he went to see if Doris had finished packing.
	"Let's go downstairs and wait for your Mommy." Bright picked up Doris and went downstairs.
	Abel had also cleaned up the kitchen, when Bill came and said respectfully, "Mr. Bright, everything is ready. We can leave on time."
	Bright, however, was not in a hurry, and even made tea, "No hurry. Wait a little longer."
	"Yes." Bill did not dare to ask more who they were waiting for.
	Half an hour passed, and an hour passed....
	When Rose came downstairs, she saw Bill who was standing respectfully, Bright who was relaxed, and Doris who was playing at ease, and Abel who was looking at the time.
	"Did I ... get up late?"
Chapter 457 What Is Fate?
	Rose could tell that everyone was waiting for her and that she had delayed everyone's trip. So, she felt guilty.
	"No, just in time." Bright took a sip of the sweet tea, "What would you like to eat?"
	"I'm not hungry. I'll go pack my things right away and we can go home." Rose dared not dally any longer.
	"Abel, prepare breakfast for Mrs. Lee." Bright ordered. It was almost noon now.
	Bright pulled Rose, "Mrs. Lee, we can go home sooner or later and don't need to be in a hurry now. I will have enough time and patience to you forever."
	Hearing Bright's words, Rose had mixed feelings inside her.
	She naturally knew how tolerant Bright was to her. But she didn't want to disrupt the original schedule because of herself, as well as waste other people's time.
	"It will take some time for Abel to make breakfast. I'll go up and see what I need to take away." Rose tried her best to save time.
	Bright didn't push her, "OK, I'll go with you."
	Then Rose and Bright went upstairs together. Bright fetched the suitcase for her, and Rose put some of her own skin care products and cosmetics in it.
	"We can buy these again." Bright watched quietly as she packed.
	"But it's a waste to leave them here." Rose took some of her favorite clothes.
	"There are clothes at home too." Bright reminded her, wanting her to be able to go home easily, "You can take nothing but yourself."
	"I'll take everything I like, including you." Rose stepped forward, leaning over and bending down to meet the gaze of Bright, who was sitting on the edge of the bed.
	His deep eyes seemed like a bottomless abyss that would swallow her.
	"It's unsure who belongs to who." Bright reached out and took her by the hand and pulled her down onto his lap.
	Before Rose could react, she was kissed by Bright. The kiss was so hot that it made her heart burn.
	She couldn't help but indulge in his kiss, enjoying the beauty he brought her. It was different and fresh every time.
	"Whose are you?" Bright released her and rubbed his fingertips over her beautiful jaw.
	"I'm yours." Rose had not yet calmed her rapid heartbeat and breathing.
	Her face was lightly flushed and as beautiful as the first peach blossoms which were blooming in early spring.
	"I'm yours, too." Bright kissed her once more on the jaw.
	They belonged to each other and would never be separated in this life.
	By the time Rose packed her things and came down, Abel had already prepared breakfast.
	Although Rose was in a hurry, she still ate in a ladylike manner. She ate gracefully. The grace was developed since she was a child.
	"I'm ready." Rose downed the last sip of milk.
	"Wait." Bright saw the white milk on the corner of her lips and reached out his thumb to gently wipe it off for her.
	If no one else was present, he must have used a kiss instead of a finger.
	Afterwards, Bill and Abel took their luggage and put it in the car while Bright unlocked the door.
	Rose held Doris and swept over everything of the villa. Looking at the home she had lived in for so long, she was reluctant.
	Because of Bright, she left the Linder family and lived with him, and had the real home for the first time.
	Bright reached out and put his arm around Rose's shoulder, saying in a soft voice, "Even if we leave here, it is still our home. We will come back in the future."
	Rose nodded, "Doris, let's go."
	The two black cars left the villa and drove to the airport.
	The Lee family's private jet was ready and waiting for its owner.
	Bright and Rose and the others boarded the plane. After a two-hour flight, the plane landed at the airport of City J.
	They left the airport in a car and drove to Ginkgo Villa.
	This was not the first time Rose had been to Bright's private mansion. But this time she felt different from what she used to feel.
	This time she was coming back home, back to their real house. She would be the supreme mistress of the family.
	As the wife of Bright, who came from the Lee family of City J, it was a great honor and privilege. What was waiting for Rose would be different.
	The black Bentley car passed through a vineyard and entered the hollow iron gate. On both sides of the long main road were towering trees and splendid flowers. Every plant was the best scenery.
	Doris' big innocent eyes were filled with curiosity, "Mommy, Daddy's home is so big."
	"Girl, this is also your home, our home." Bright lightly pinched the tip of her nose.
	"Is this really my home now? It's so big." Doris felt for the first time that her home could be so big, even bigger than her school, "So can I have Dougie as a guest? And Wyatt. They'll have a blast."
	"Sure." Bright nodded in agreement.
	"Great."
	The black Bentley car stopped steadily in front of the big villa. Peter, Megan, and two servants were already at the door to greet them.
	Bright did not like to be bothered by too many people. So, even though Ginkgo Villa was big, there were not many servants in the house.
	"Welcome home, Mr. and Mrs. Lee, and Miss Doris." Peter led the servants and greeted them with smile on his face.
	Bright walked ahead and Rose followed, leading Doris.
	They had already missed the lunch time. Peter was going to prepare dinner.
	This matter, of course, was left to Abel.
	"Sir, ma'am, please rest first. I'll call you at dinner time." Peter said.
	"You and Doris go rest and check her room by the way." Bright took off his suit jacket. Peter went up and handed it to Amelie, a servant.
	"OK." Rose then took Doris upstairs.
	Doris' princess room had a southern exposure. The room was bigger than she had in the Asgard Lake Community in City H. If she pushed open the French window, she could see the big tree in front of the window with lush branches. There was a garden not far away. The fragrance of flowers was refreshing.
	"Do you like it?" Rose asked her.
	"Yes, I like it." Doris looked at the toys in the room, "Mommy, how did you find such a good Daddy for me? It is so awesome to have such a Daddy."
	"It's fate." Rose's reasoning for this was simple.
	"What is fate?" Doris looked puzzled.
	"Just like you like Dougie. That is fate. You only like him and no one else is to your liking."
	"So that's how it is..."
Chapter 458 The Family Dotes on Her
	Doris was a bit puzzled.
	Rose reached out and rubbed the soft hair on top of her head, "Go change into a loose sweater."
	Rose then left Doris' bedroom, leaving her to learn to be independent.
	She went to the master bedroom, which was spacious and fully furnished. Importantly, she found that the original art painting hanging on the head of the bed had now been replaced by her wedding photo, which was the one they stood in the sea of flowers under the blue sky.
	Her white wedding dress was flying, and Bright was holding her by the waist while kissing her intimately on the cheek.
	There were other places in the house where their photos were displayed, warm and beautiful. It made the cold bedroom feel like home.
	There was an extra dressing table by the bedside table. There already were some good skin care products on it, which were the brands she usually used.
	This detail was well received. Bright must have remembered them after watching her use them.
	Rose sensed Bright's care.
	She took off the coat and changed into a gray housecoat, comfortable and at ease.
	She sorted out everything in her luggage. Actually, she didn't bring much.
	When she hung the clothes in the dressing room, she noticed that the closet on her right was full of new clothes for the season. The tags on the clothes were not cut off. They were all her size.
	After packing up her baggage, Rose went to ask Doris to come downstairs with her.
	Bright was not in the living room. When Megan saw Rose, she said, "Mr. Bright has gone to work in the study."
	Bright started working as soon as he came home. It could be seen how important he was to HY Group and what a responsible leader he was.
	Rose didn't bother Bright and went out the back door of the living room with Doris to go for a walk in the garden.
	By 6:00, the dinner was ready.
	Bright, Rose, and Doris, had their first family dinner at their home in Ginkgo Villa.
	The atmosphere was very nice. They were like every ordinary family, warm and light. That was life.
	After the meal, Bright took Doris out for a walk. The leaves of the grape trees in the vineyard outside had fallen out, leaving only the bare vines.
	"Daddy, the vineyards are so big. They sprout in the spring, grow grapes in the summer, and ripen in the fall, don't they?" Doris said, looking at the endless vineyards.
	"Right." Bright reached out and touched the vines, "When the grapes are ripe, we can pick them and make wine."
	"Wow, make our own wine?" Doris was curious.
	"Yes. We have our own wine cellar. But the wines made from domestic grapes are less tasty than the ones from Country F." Bright looked at Doris.
	"Daddy knows a lot." Doris listened with interest and said to Rose, "Mommy, I have a great Daddy."
	Bright looked over at Rose and winked at her, "Did you hear what Doris said? I'm great."
	Rose gave him a light glare.
	It was already dark when they returned home from their walk. But there were street lights all along the way. The warm white light softly illuminated the surroundings.
	Peter saw them coming back and said to Bright, "Sir, I've put all the things you have prepared for you visit to the Lee family's villa in the car."
	"Thank you, Peter. Just go rest."
	Peter then left, and the three of them also rested.
	Bright went to bed and then looked at Rose, "My daughter says I'm great. But how come I don't feel it?"
	"In the eyes of children, Daddy is the greatest." Rose meant to tell him not to feel too good about himself.
	Bright reached out and placed his palm over Rose's flat belly, "Why haven't you had any news after such a long time?"
	Rose's ears were burning. She raised her hand to slap his, "What are you doing?"
	"You're still shy. That's how Doris was born, isn't it?" Bright looked calm.
	"You want to have another baby so much?" Rose asked him calmly, "Or do you want a son? After all, the Lee family has so much property."
	"What are you thinking?" Bright pinched her cheeks, "Whether it's a boy or a girl, I just want to have another child. Doris is very lonely. Our family also likes to have more children. I've said this before. How can you suspect that I prefer boys to girls?"
	"You know, my brother is still in a coma. My dad was really sad at first. But because he still had me and Stefan with him, he slowly recovered from the sadness of my brother."
	Bright held Rose's hand, "Do you not want to have another child? If you really don't want to, I won't force you."
	"It's not that I don't want to. I just don't feel like I'm ready." Rose didn't know what she was thinking, "Why don't we just go with the flow?"
	"Alright." Bright chose to respect her thoughts.
	The next day, after breakfast, Bright and Rose took Doris back to the Lee family's villa.
	It was also the first time they visited Bright's parents in the Lee family.
	Francis, Hallie, and Stefan, who was not in school, were all home.
	"Grandpa, Grandma." Doris called out to them cheerfully, "Uncle Stefan."
	"Guys, good morning." Francis looked at them, especially Doris, and was very happy, "Doris, come here. Let Grandpa take a good look at you."
	Doris ran up and Francis picked Doris up and let her sat on his lap, "Doris has grown taller and stronger."
	"Grandpa, is that all?" Doris asked.
	"Thinner."
	"And?"
	"Cuter."
	"Grandpa, don't you notice that I'm prettier?" Doris lightly pouted.
	"Yes, of course. Our little princess is even prettier." Francis laughed aloud.
	Doris continued, "Grandpa, you are simply a straighter straight man than my Daddy."
	"Straight man? What's a straight man?" Francis became interested in the new words.
	"A straight man is..." Doris didn't dare to say it. So, she just got close to Francis' ear and whispered it to him alone.
	"Doris, you can't be so rude to Grandpa." Rose gently scolded Doris, afraid that Doris would say something wrong. After all, it was not praise in this case.
	"Rose, it's okay." After knowing that Doris was Bright's child, Francis doted on his only granddaughter, "I should reflect on it. I am poor at seeing it."
	"The most beautiful girl in our family is Doris." Stefan praised Doris.
	"Uncle Stefan, I like you very much." Doris burst with joy inside.
	"Uncle Stefan likes you too."
	Seeing this, Rose said to Bright helplessly, "I have thought you've spoiled her enough. Now, it seems she's going to be spoiled by your family. What should we do?"
	"It shows how cute and popular our daughter is. So don't worry. A child with high EQ is more likely to win in the future than a child with high IQ. Let's wait and see. The children of the Lee family will not be bad." Bright, however, had full confidence in Doris.
Chapter 459 The Price of Growth Is Inevitable
	Bright put on a proud smile when he spoke of his daughter.
	"Well, your family has good genes." Rose knew that for Bright, even if Doris became ordinary after growing up, she would still be his most precious daughter.
	"Of course. But a wife as beautiful as you is vital." Bright praised Rose, not forgetting her credit.
	"Slick talker." Rose said, but felt sweet inside.
	At the noon, the family all came to the dining room. Hallie said she would be there in a few minutes.
	When everyone was seated, Hallie came over, holding Zoe, who hadn't appeared for a long time.
	Bright wasn't surprised by Zoe's appearance and didn't look at her.
	Rose was surprised and didn't expect Zoe to have returned to the Lee family.
	But now, Zoe seemed to be more cowardly than she used to be.
	The fact that she had returned to the Lee family meant that Bright had cooled down.
	Hallie smiled and said to Zoe, "Zoe, come on. Say hello to everyone. Bright, Rose, and your little niece Doris are home today."
	As Zoe turned to Bright, she hid fearfully behind Hallie and grabbed her arm tightly.
	Her eyes were full of fear. She was trembling lightly, not daring to look up at Bright.
	"Zoe, Bright is your brother. Don't be afraid." Hallie reached out and gently patted the back of Zoe's hand, "Come on, let's sit down and eat."
	Hallie pulled Zoe forward. But Zoe refused to move toward the table.
	She became more and more frightened, "No ... no. I don't want to go there. I ... I'm scared..."
	Zoe was afraid of Bright. At the time, Bright didn't show any affection to his father and stepmother, and had driven Zoe out of the Lee family to suffer.
	Zoe had suffered a lot and had been transformed from an arrogant and unreasonable young lady into a submissive person. Her drive was greatly lessened. It seemed to be really effective.
	She was fearful as soon as she saw Bright.
	It could be said that how much she once liked Bright, how much she feared him now.
	"Don't be afraid. Bright won't hurt you." Hallie comforted Zoe in a warm voice.
	"No, no, no..." Zoe shook her head fiercely, "I'll just eat in my room."
	Francis was a little upset when he looked at Zoe like this.
	When they found Zoe back then, they saw that she was just like the women in the refugee camps, with thin cheeks, yellow skin and a petite figure. Her silky black hair had lost its luster and was stained with dust and mud. Her face was so dirty and stained and only her eyes were bright.
	Hallie didn't recognize Zoe as her own daughter. Once she did, she hugged her and cried. Tears poured down her face and she felt heartbroken.
	Zoe repulsed at first. But after recognizing Hallie, she bit her lip and cried loudly.
	Francis didn't say anything, just urged Hallie to take Zoe home quickly.
	After returning home, Hallie cleaned Zoe and restored her to her beautiful appearance.
	But she still lived carefully and did not speak for a long time. A short time ago, she began to communicate with Hallie and could say a few words.
	In fact, Hallie must have hated Bright for what he had done to Zoe. But she also knew that it was because Zoe crossed the line.
	It was a punishment that Zoe deserved. But Hallie still felt distressed for her daughter.
	"You're being too harsh on Zoe." Francis whispered to Bright on his left, "She only spoke a while ago."
	"The price of growth is inevitable." Bright glanced lightly at Zoe, "I think it's fine now."
	Rose got up at this point and walked to Zoe, "Zoe, sit down here."
	"You ... Don't come over here." Zoe turned pale as she saw Rose walking towards her and backed away, "Please..."
	She dropped to the floor in fear, shrunk, and clenched her hands. Her eyes were filled with tears and she was as pitiful as an abandoned kitten.
	"Zoe, we are a family. Don't be afraid. I am your sister-in-law." Rose squatted in front of Zoe.
	Zoe did not dare to look at Rose. She just looked down at her toes and bit her lips, not daring to say a word.
	"Zoe, the past is the past. Let's forget it." Rose didn't want to think too much about it after seeing that Zoe had gotten the punishment she deserved.
	Zoe did not answer her. Rose reached out to help Zoe while Zoe instinctively avoided her touch.
	Seeing Rose's hand frozen in mid-air, Bright got up and stepped over.
	Seeing Bright approaching, Zoe turned paler and was so careful that she even held her breath.
	Bright took Rose's hand, helped her, and said to Zoe, "Get up. Sit in the dining room, and eat."
	Zoe didn't dare to move or speak.
	"Don't you hear me?" Bright saw that Zoe was still sitting on the floor, "Then I have plenty of ways for you to sit over. Do you want to try? Three seconds for you to think about it."
	"No, no!" Zoe begged, shaking her head.
	"Then do as you're told and sit down to eat." With that, Bright led Rose back to her seat.
	"You'll scare her like that. She can't stand fright in her condition right now." Rose felt Zoe was a little pitiful. But there must be something hateful about pitiful people.
	"But it works quickly." Bright had caught a glimpse of Zoe immediately getting up and sitting obediently at the table, next to Stefan.
	She was still terrified of Bright and resisted to be so close to him.
	But she didn't want to be thrown back to that place where she could only resign herself to her fate without food or warm clothes or good sleep.
	She didn't want to go through that again. It was her nightmare for the rest of her life.
	"Let's eat." Francis said, "Doris, try this."
	He took a piece of sweet and sour pork for Doris, golden in color and sprinkled with white sesame seeds, tempting and lovely.
	Doris had a sweet tooth, and sweet and sour pork was her favorite.
	"Thank you, Grandpa." Doris happily ate.
	"Help yourself." Francis looked at the sauce on the corners of Doris' lips and said.
	After eating, Bright played chess with Francis, while Stefan watched the game from the side.
Chapter 460 Your Brother's Beloved Isn't Me
	Hallie talked with Rose and Doris in the living room. Zoe went back to her room to rest.
	"Doris, what would you like to eat for dinner later?" Hallie was peeling a washed apple.
	"Hallie, don't bother. Bright intends to go to the hospital later to see Marley..."
	Hallie accidentally peeled her hand before Rose finished speaking. Blood seeped out of the snow-white fingers, shocking.
	"Hallie, how are you doing?" Rose picked up the paper towel on the table to cover Hallie's wound, "Press the wound first. I'll go get the first aid kit."
	"Let them go get it." Hallie asked a servant to go.
	"Grandma, are you all right?" Doris also came to care for Hallie.
	"It's just a small injury, Grandma is fine." Hallie reached out and stroked Doris's face. Seeing the concern in her eyes, Hallie smiled lightly.
	The servant took the first aid kit. Rose immediately opened it and took out the antiseptic alcohol and cotton swabs.
	She helped Hallie disinfect the wound on her finger and put on a band-aid for her.
	"Grandma, does it still hurt?" Doris saw the thin red wound, "If it hurts, I'll blow it for you."
	"Grandma's not that weak. Thanks, honey." Hallie moved her finger to show she was okay.
	Rose picked up another apple and peeled it, "Hallie, so we won't have dinner here."
	"Okay then." Hallie nodded.
	Bright finished his game of chess with Francis, and Stefan continued to play chess with his father instead. So, Bright came to Rose.
	"It's about time. Let's go."
	Hallie dropped the family off in front of the villa and watched them drive away. She stood there for a long time and did not enter the house.
	Bright drove to the hospital and arrived at Marley's ward, only to see someone he hadn't seen for a long time.
	Noticing Bright's arrival, she stood up slowly from Marley's ward.
	"Serena."
	"Mr. Bright."
	Bright was very surprised to see Serena. He thought she had gone abroad and hadn't seen her for so many years.
	"What are you doing here?" Bright walked over and put the flowers down, "Are you back home?"
	"I..." Serena bit her lip and seemed a little hard to say it.
	After a moment of hesitation, she picked up her bag and walked around the end of the bed, saying, "Sorry, I should go."
	Bright, however, strode forward and blocked her way, "What are you afraid of?"
	"I ... I'm not." Serena gripped the strap of her bag and said calmly.
	"Since you are not afraid, shouldn't we catch up after so long?" Bright had no intention of letting Serena leave. His eyes were stern.
	"I have something to do today. Next time, I'll treat you to dinner." Serena resisted.
	"No time like the present. Just now." Bright asked Rose to come to him. "Serena, this is Rose, my wife, and Doris, my daughter. Rose, this is Serena, Lina's sister. She was a childhood friend of Marley. They used to be very close."
	"Serena, nice to meet you." Rose extended her hand to Serena.
	Serena shook Rose's hand, "Mrs. Lee, nice to meet you too."
	"Just call me Rose." Rose corrected, "Please don't mind. Bright is so domineering. In fact, it's just because that he hasn't seen you for a long time and wants to get together with you. Serena, why don't you have a casual dinner with us?"
	Seeing Rose was so sincere, Serena could not refuse and had to nod.
	"How long have you been back? Did you visit him as soon as you came back?" Bright asked Serena, "Where have you been all these years?"
	"I... I got married." In Serena's eyes, they could not see the happiness after marriage.
	"Really? Why don't I know?" Bright was serious. He did not know such an important thing that Serena had gotten married at all, "Who did you marry?"
	"I'm just the illegitimate daughter of the Kim family." So, no one would care about who she married and how she married.
	"If Marley had not had this accident, maybe you guys would have been together." Bright felt sorry. Some good things finally did not work out the way they should.
	Serena shook her head, "Marley actually had someone he liked, but that person was not me."
	"But before Marley's accident, I heard him mention you. He even asked me to marry you." What Marley once said to him flashed into Bright's mind, "He said you would be a good wife."
	When Serena heard these words, she was deeply touched with soreness, pain and joy, and other mixed feelings. Her eyes were filled with tears.
	Tears wetted the long eyelashes. She looked down, "These are all in the past. Let's forget it."
	It would only make her sad while mentioning it again.
	"So how are you doing now?" Bright asked.
	"I'm fine." Serena held back her tears and put on a light smile, "I heard about your marriage. You are lucky to have such a good wife as Mrs. Lee. Cherish her and love her."
	"I will naturally do that." Bright took Rose's shoulder.
	"Your husband must be more loving than Bright. Serena, you must be also happy." Rose wished her well.
	Serena smiled lightly and didn't answer. Bright asked again, "Who is your husband?"
	"You don't know him even if I tell you. I'll introduce him in person later when there is a chance." Serena changed the subject again, "Go see your brother. He should miss you guys too."
	Bright and Rose then took Doris to Marley's bedside. They held Doris' hands and said to Marley, "Marley, how are you? This is Doris, your niece. Doris, greet to Uncle Marley."
	"Uncle Marley, nice to meet you." Doris said in a childish voice.
	They stayed with Marley for a while and then left the hospital with Serena, going to a restaurant for dinner.
	While waiting for the food to be served, Bright said as he spread the napkin cloth, "Serena, did you meet Marley before his accident?"
	"No. But we did call." Serena picked up her glass and recalled, "He said he was going to talk to his teacher."
	"Teacher?" Bright felt this was an important message, "Did he say which teacher it was?"
	"No." Serena shook her head, "What do you think he was going to talk to his teacher about? Love? It shouldn't be possible."
	"Then do you know who the woman he likes is?" Bright's long fingers tapped rhythmically on the table.
	"I don't know either." Serena gripped the glass, feeling that she couldn't help in any way, "He just said she didn't want too many people to know about them yet. He intended to say it when it was the right time."
Chapter 461 He Was the Light of Her Dark Life
	"Thank you for telling me all these." Bright said to Serena gratefully.
	Even as Marley's brother, Bright didn't know what Serena told him.
	He thought it was a good thing that he came across Serena, because he learned important information from her, including who his brother loved and the teacher that his brother met before having an accident.
	For all these years, he never believed his brother would commit suicide by jumping from a building.
	In Bright's mind, Marley was a gentle and cultivated person, with smiling eyes. Many girls would be attracted by his gentleness.
	The firstborn and illegitimate daughter of the Kim family, Serena, was one of them.
	Since her childhood, Serena hadn't got much love from her parents, because she was a girl and an illegitimate daughter.
	Her mother died after she was born. She had lived in an orphanage for 13 years before her father brought her home. The Kim family didn't care too much about her because she didn't grow up in the family. Feeding one more child didn't bother them. They just couldn't bear being laughed at for having a child as an orphan.
	Compared to Serena, Lina, who grew up in the Kim family, had a totally different life. She got all the attention from the family members.
	If Lina was a flower showered in sunshine, then Serena was a weed growing up in the dark side.
	Serena was extremely nervous when she first participated in a banquet in the age of ten. She was afraid of being laughed at for making mistakes.
	But fortunately, she met Marley, dressed in a white suit, who walked in her life like Prince Charming.
	This outstanding man didn't mind she was an illegitimate daughter and even defended her when other rich men bullied her, calling her an ugly duckling and a bumpkin.
	He handed her a handkerchief so that she could wiped stain and tears.
	She said thanks to him with a smile.
	His eyebrows danced. He said, "You're welcome. Don't let them bother you. They are not real bad guys. They are just spoiled. I have scolded them. They won't bully you again."
	"Really?" Serena clenched the handkerchief, still worried.
	"If they bully you again, you can ask them to come to me." Marley looked at her with encouragement.
	Looking at his sparkling eyes, Serena chose to believe him. "What's your name?" she asked.
	"I'm Marley." He used his attracting lips to spit out his name.
	"Nice to meet you. I'm Serena." She finally smiled.
	"I got it." Though Marley had heard that the Kim family brought the illegitimate daughter back, it was the first time that she showed up in public and that he met her. "You have a beautiful smile. You should smile more."
	At first sight, maybe Serena wasn't a beauty. She was simple but elegant, with a clean image.
	She was like a white daisy that wasn't eye-catching but still could attract people to appreciate.
	"Good." Being with such a gentle person like Marley, Serena smiled more heartily.
	Then, Marley left. Serena looked at his white figure becoming farther and farther. She closed her eyes and smelt the handkerchief that he gave her. It had the smell of orchids. It was the smell that belonged to him.
	It was fair to say that Marley was the light of her dark life, bringing brightness to her.
	Deep inside, she knew she didn't deserve him, who was the firstborn son of the Lee family. So, she hid her affection in her heart and she never thought of having him.
	It was enough for her to watch him out and away. His being happy was what she wanted.
	She never imagined Marley would have the accident.
	She couldn't believe such a perfect man would encounter this. She was hit hard, almost crying her heart out.
	Later, she was forced to marry into another rich family and left City J. She came back to City J recently and visited Marley as soon as she arrived.
	"I truly hope your brother can get well soon and be vigorous like he used to be. I can't imagine what it will be like if he lied in the bed in the rest of his life." Her heart hurt when it came to the pale and emaciated man.
	If sacrificing her life could enable him to get better, she would be willing to do so and wouldn't regret.
	"I also hope the same. But the doctor wasn't optimistic about it since my brother doesn't have the will to survive. He doesn't want to wake up probably because he doesn't want to face something." The doctor's analysis came to Bright's mind. "It's necessary to have a reason for him to wake up. Maybe someday he will figure out by himself and wake up."
	Of course it was Bright's wishful thinking. They knew the chance was slim deep inside.
	Rose stretched out and held Bright's hand, comforting him with this voiceless move.
	"I'm fine." Bright looked at Rose who was looking at him and found her feeling sad for himself. "Marley has been sleeping for so many years. I have already accepted it."
	Serena looked down with sadness. She even felt pain when she breathed.
	Marley was their wounds in the hearts.
	"We have already talked about all that we knew. All dishes are served. Let's start eating." Rose looked at the delicious dishes on the table, asking Doris, "Honey, I bet you're hungry."
	"Yep." Doris nodded and said to Bright and Serena in her childish tone, "Dad, Aunt Serena, these dishes look delicious. I will have them all if you don't eat."
	"Good girl. I will eat." Serena recovered from her sadness.
	"You little greedy girl, aren't you afraid of gaining weight for eating too much?" Bright tapped his daughter's nose.
	"Dad, I'm growing up. It's necessary to eat more. You are torturing me if you don't let me eat and be full." Doris held up her chest and talked back to Bright.
	"You're right. Just eat as much as you can." Bright laughed out loud and served Doris a bowl of crucian carp soup. "Have a bowl of soup before you eat food."
	"You're the best dad ever." Doris gave Bright thumps up.
	Then, Bright served Rose and Serenaa bowl of crucian carp soup respectively and served himself at last.
	Bright was the only man here, so it was natural for him, as a gentleman, to take care of the ladies.
	Serena's phone suddenly rang at the end of the meal. Her face turned pale when she saw the phone number. She didn't answer it and hung up.
	Bright and Rose both noticed the change in her face. Her eyes didn't have the smile anymore. Only fear was left in her eyes.
	"What happened?" Bright asked her with concern.
	"Nothing happened." Serena shook her head. "I should go."
	Bright guessed something happened to her, but it wasn't appropriate for him to ask specifically since she didn't want to tell.
	He stood up and dressed up his suit. "Let me drive you home."
Chapter 462 I Want All Related to You to Be Mine
	"Don't bother." Serena rejected his good will. "I can go back on my own."
	"The Kim family's place isn't far away. We're coming back to the Lee family. We are on the same way." Bright didn't want Serena to think it was a burden for him.
	"It's OK. Really." Serena rejected again. "I want to be alone."
	Now that she said so, Bright didn't insist anymore. Rose said, "Be careful. Call us or text us after you're back home."
	"OK." Serena nodded.
	They walked to the door of the restaurant. Bright flagged down a taxi for Serena and gave 200 to the driver. "Keep the change. Please send her home safely."
	Serena looked at Bright with gratitude. "Thank you, Bright."
	She called his name after Bright corrected her and asked her not calling him Mr. Bright.
	"Don't mention it." Bright waved his hand to her. "You can call me if you need me. I think my brother would also want me to take care of you on his behalf."
	"Thanks." Serena said with a smile but in a choked voice.
	Bright watched the taxi driving away. Rose led Doris stepping forward, standing beside him shoulder to shoulder.
	"What are you thinking?" Rose broke the silence after a while.
	"I think Serena is different from what she used to be." Bright held Rose's hand and walked to their car together.
	"Serena is more beautiful, having the charm of a mature woman. Of course she is different from what she used to be." Rose held his arm and spoke out her thought.
	"No." Bright looked back at Rose. His eyes were like a lake reflecting a shimmer of light. "I think she is in trouble, but she doesn't want to trouble me."
	"She's married. She will ask her husband to help out if she's in trouble. It will be awkward to ask you rather than her husband for help. If she asked you to help her, her husband would be upset." Rose analyzed.
	"Is that so?" Bright's left eyebrow moved.
	"Of course." Rose patted his strong chest. "You're over-thinking."
	Bright suddenly leaned over. His lips got close to her ears. She could feel his breath in her ear, which made her itching.
	"You're all I want. I want all of you to be mine." Bright's voice was deep and charming. He kissed her earlobe softly.
	Rose felt her heart beating. Her heart beat a little faster every time Bright talked like this way.
	Through the shadow of night, Rose's eyes were shining while Bright's eyes seemed like the night sky.
	Doris looked at her parents who were looking right into each other's eyes, witnessing PDA.
	She covered her eyes with her little hands. "It's unsuitable for children."
	Bright couldn't help kissing Rose's lips.
	Then, Bright scooped Doris up. "Let's go home."
	Rose was holding his hand. He found her eyes full of softness. "We can continue when we're back home."
	Rose gave him a glare, but actually she felt happy.
	She looked at the man beside her. She thought she was a lucky and happy girl, who could be loved by an outstanding man admired by men and adored by women.
	Days went by after Rose went back to City J. She wanted to set up a studio by herself, so she didn't look for jobs in a hurry. But she didn't have much experience. Besides, she was a young lady, which was hard to win others' confidence.
	So, she planned to studied further while taking part in some heavyweight design competitions. Those trophies would be the evidence of her ability, if she could win the prizes.
	Only when she had masterpieces and major prizes could she have clout and customers be assured.
	Luckily, a Chinese American professional designer was going to offer lessons in City J, so she signed up. She was more enjoying study now.
	Bright supported every decision that she made, so Rose felt that she owed him a lot. She would fulfill his wish if he wanted her to stay with him a little longer.
	Though Bright seemed like a man that didn't care much, he was very possessive of Rose. He often stuck with her and wasn't willing to separate with her, extremely wanting to see her beautiful face.
	Rose usually had two lessons in the morning. She would send Doris to school on her way.
	But Bright felt worried about them. He would drive them there himself or ask driver to do it.
	One day, Rose received Nora's phone call as soon as she arrived at school. Nora said, "Don't you miss me? You didn't call me once after coming back to City J."
	"Of course I miss you. I have lessons on weekdays. I planned to call you this weekend, but then you call me now." Rose walked up the steps and went towards the classroom.
	"Stop kidding me." Nora said with discontent.
	"I'm not kidding you." Rose told Nora what she did recently. "See if I'm kidding you."
	"Fine. I forgive you." Nora sighed. "I have been feeling lonely since you left. I can't find anyone to have coffee together."
	"What about Jayden or Sia?" Rose suggested.
	"Have coffee with Jayden? Having drinks with him is more realistic." Nora had been restraining herself from drinking, because she didn't want to have accidents after drinking anymore.
	"How are things with Nathan? Does Lillian do what you say?" It suddenly crossed Rose's mind.
	"She asked me to the seaside villa today. I'm on my way now." Nora looked out of the window, watching the endless sea.
	"Tell me if you need me. Though I'm not with you in City H, my heart is with you. I care about all things that you do." Having promised to be best friends forever, Rose wouldn't leave her alone.
	"So disgusting." Nora laughed. "Bright will be jealous to death if he know that you tell me these soulful words."
	"I think he will kill you before he get jealous to death." Rose guessed.
	"That's true." Nora approved Rose's guess.
	Rose was going to start her lesson and Nora had arrived at the villa, so they hung up.
	Nora walked in the villa in an elegant manner. She took off her khaki coat. Her black dress inside could be seen, bringing out her sexy body shape with big boobs and slender waist.
	She found Lillian sitting in the sofa in the living room. It seemed that she had been waiting for Nora for a long time.
	Nora came and sat down with her curly hair hung over her left shoulder, making her hotter.
	The maid served Nora a cup of coffee, which had been prepared, with milk but without sugar according to her habit.
	Nora smiled at Lillian and asked, "Have you made your decision yet?"
Chapter 463 You Didn't Take Advantage of Me
	Then, Nora raised her coffee cup elegantly. Her white delicate fingers were beautiful.
	She sipped the coffee with strong milk flavor, waiting for Lillian's answer.
	Lillian sat sideways with her hands on her knees that were put together. She hesitated.
	"No matter what your answer is, I won't do anything to you. You can leave anytime." Nora understood what she was concerned about.
	She wouldn't take revenge on others for they not helping her. It was not Nora's style.
	She took revenge if there was hatred.
	"Will you really protect me if I do what you say to suit Nathan?" Lillian was still concerned about that.
	"I will do my best to protect you from his harm or revenge." Nora said in a realistic way. "Lillian, I know it puts you in an awkward situation, but it not only helps me, but also helps you."
	Lillian nodded. She understood what Nora meant.
	Lillian thought a while and said slowly, "Ms. Cooper, I have made my decision. I'm sorry. I don't think I can do it."
	"It's OK. I get it." Nora wasn't surprised, because she understood Lillian's worry and it was reasonable.
	Lillian's eyes turned red and her hands were clenched. She said, "Ms. Cooper, I surely want to take revenge on Nathan. But, he is the son of a rich family in Kynto while I'm only an ordinary woman. I can't win over him.
	Besides, charging him with rape only delivers an impact on him for a while but on me for a whole life. Though today's society has progressed, public moral opinions are still harsh on women.
	I don't want the public to know that I was raped by Nathan. They will not understand me but abuse me instead. Nathan has power and money. He can get all the girls that he wants. He has no reason to conduct that immoral behavior.
	I will be described as a woman who wants to seduce him and take advantage of him, because he is rich. I don't want to be abused. I want to get married and have a happy family.
	I won't be the same if the thing becomes widely known. Whether we win or lose the lawsuit, I will lose my reputation and be hated by the Mills family.
	They won't spare me for Nathan. You can't protect me all the time. This insecure life is not what I want. So, after consideration, I can't offend the Mills family or anyone else."
	She wanted to keep her life. She didn't want to die without knowing.
	It was easy for the Mills family to make someone disappear.
	"You're right." Nora listened to her words quietly and said, "I have said that I wouldn't force you to do it and hate you for not helping me. You can rest assured and lead a life that you want."
	"Thank you, Ms. Cooper." Lillian thought Nora was considerate and rational.
	She suddenly regretted that she joined hands with Nathan to hurt Nora, only making herself embarrassed and in trouble now.
	"Don't mention it. You can come to me anytime if you change your mind." Nora sipped the coffee. Then she stood up and left.
	"Ms. Cooper——" Lillian watched her back and stood up anxiously.
	"Do you have anything else want to say?" Nora looked back at her.
	"I'm sorry, Ms. Cooper." Her guiltiness made her apologize finally. "It was my fault. I shouldn't have joined hands with Nathan. I'm truly sorry."
	"I have taken revenge and you didn't take any advantage of me, so...you don't have to apologize. Let's forget what have happened. I hope you can get what you want." Nora smiled. Being frank and forthright was her principle.
	Nora left the seaside villa. Because Rose was having lessons, Nora texted her, telling her Lillian had turned her down.
	But she wouldn't give up. She definitely would take revenge on the person who had hurt her.
	Lillian had got what she deserved. Nora would plan the karma for Nathan.
	Then, Nora engaged in her restaurants and charity for children more devotedly.
	Alan had more chances to go abroad for business trip or study, since he worked harder.
	They had less time staying together, which allowed Nora to be more relaxed.
	Nora didn't know how to face Alan. She was his wife nominally after all.
	She tried to love Alan and freed herself from the past. But out of her expectation, she was taken revenge on by Nathan and had a strange relationship with Oca.
	Since what had happened to her, Nora often thought of that night, thought of his lips kissing her collarbone and thought of beautiful sex between men and women in the middle of the night.
	She knew she shouldn't have thought of it. She felt guilty for herself and Alan when thinking of it.
	But she couldn't help it. And she was afraid of telling others about it. She was stressful and fell ill at last.
	So, she didn't come to the Way family to have meal on that weekend. And on the next weekend, Oca went on a business trip and didn't come. They didn't meet each other on family meals for twice.
	However, another weekend came. Nora really didn't want to go to the Way family, but she couldn't find any excuse.
	Coincidentally, Alan came back this weekend and said that he would pick her up at first. She told him that she was not at home and was working outside. So, she came there herself.
	Nora didn't drive today. She planned to take a taxi to the Way family in the noon.
	She stood at the door, holding her bag and being nervous. She was afraid of meeting Oca.
	Alan happened to greet her, finding her standing at the door. "Why don't you come in?"
	"I...just wanted to come in and you came out." Nora put on smile and tried to be natural.
	"Let's go." Alan held her hand and came in the restaurant.
	Everyone just sat down when they came in. Nora found Oca at the first sight. He was the most eye-catching one and caught her eyes immediately.
	Oca also glanced at Nora and shook her hands in a natural manner.
	When Alan and Nora sat down, Patriarch started to eat and asked family members to eat.
	Every dish on the table was delicious and delicate, but Nora didn't have appetite at all.
	Alan served her a lot of dishes, but she tasted them like they didn't have any flavor.
	She breathed carefully all the time and tried not to watch Oca.
	Then, she heard Hazel said to Oca after serving him dishes, "You don't like spicy food. You can try this. It's bird's nest and chicken soup."
	Oca turned and watched Hazel's smiling eyes that indicated he should try it.
Chapter 464 To Express Your Love
	Oca scooped up a bit and put it into his mouth, savoring it.
	Hazel kept her eyes on Oca's face to see his reaction.
	"How's that? Is it delicious?" She was expecting his answer.
	"Not bad." Oca dabbed at the corner of his lips with a tissue.
	For Oca, who grew up eating Western food, the dishes in Country Z seemed to be all the same, and there was nothing he particularly liked.
	"This soup is very complex in the making. In the past, only the emperor or noble people could have it," Hazel said with pride.
	Oca just twitched his lips and took a few more sips.
	Hazel smiled more satisfactorily.
	Their flirting left Nora breathless, making her feel too uncomfortable to breathe.
	But Patriarch was having dinner, so she, as a junior, could not leave.
	After finishing the meal, Nora felt tired.
	When they could finally leave, Nora found that she didn't have a car, and Alan came with his father in the Way Family car, so he didn't drive either.
	Drivers took a day off on weekends, so there was no driver at home.
	Alan had a few drinks and couldn't drive. Nora was feeling sick and didn't want to drive.
	Oca pulled up next to Alan and Nora. The window rolled down to reveal Hazel's beautiful face.
	She smiled at Alan and Nora and said, "Alan, Nora, let us give you a ride."
	"Oh, good. Thanks!" Alan thought it was great to have someone driven them home.
	He pulled open the door and let Nora in first.
	Nora hesitated for a moment and wanted to refuse, but she was afraid that others might see through something, so she got in the car.
	She tried to look natural and calm.
	Alan and Nora were sitting in the back seat. He reached out to hold Nora's hand, but she picked up the phone and started playing the game. She thought that she could divert her attention and make herself more comfortable.
	All the way, Oca did not speak, and closed his eyes to have a rest.
	Nora was preoccupied with the games, and Alan, feeling a little too calm in the car, asked, "Hazel, did Mr. Moore chase after you or he after you?"
	The first question was so explosive.
	Nora's attention was immediately drawn to it.
	Although she was playing the game, her mind had drifted away, and she was looking forward to Hazel's answer.
	Hazel paused. When she was about to speak, Oca opened his eyes and said, "It's me."
	To Hazel's surprise by Oca's answer. Actually, she had been after him since the first time she met him in Country M, and then she tried to get close to him and went into his world.
	Oca, however, admitted that it was he who chased Hazel and kept her self-esteem.
	She glanced at Oca out of the corner of her eyes and felt grateful for him.
	Although he never expressed his deep affection, she was still infatuated with him and wanted to be with him.
	"I guess so." Alan nodded with satisfaction. "Boys are supposed to take the initiative. Hazel is such a good looking and excellent girl. Maybe Mr. Moore was afraid that someone else will get her so he would confess to you first."
	Hazel was embarrassed by Alan's reMikes.
	It was clear that she had pursued Oca first, but now Alan had misunderstood her so much, which really made her feel ashamed.
	"Hazel, you're shy." Alan noticed in the faint light that Hazel's face had a pale pink tinge.
	"How come you agreed to marry Nora when your turned down the dates grandfather and parents have arranged for you? Did you have fallen in love with Nora for a long time?" Hazel changed the subject.
	"Hazel, you are right." Alan looked at Nora with a gentle look. "I've had fallen in love with my wife for a long time. I agreed to marry her when my mother gave me her picture as I was afraid that if I take a step later, someone would take her away. Luckily, she married to me."
	"Oh, it gives me goose pimples." Hazel couldn't bear to hear it.
	"You have to express your love when you love someone, like I love you, Nora." Alan leaned forward. "Hazel, don't say you haven't said such sweet words to Mr. Moore. That would be a pity."
	"Why don't you ask Mr. Moore if he had said anything to Hazel?" Nora interrupted.
	"Mr. Moore went after Hazel first. If he didn't confess his love to Hazel, would Hazel agree to be his girlfriend?" Alan thought so. "Mr. Moore must have said that."
	Nora's eyes ran across Oca.
	Hazel felt hot and uncomfortable. "Alan," she said, "it doesn't matter if two guys know each other's love. Sweets words don't matter much. Action speaks louder than words."
	"But it seems there is regret, doesn't it?"
	"We are action-oriented."
	"But there can be no shortage of sweet words."
	"Yes, so we said sweet words, too. I like you, Hazel," said Oca.
	Hazel felt so sweet and happy.
	But what Oca said lingered on Nora's mind.
	***
	Just like that, they chatted all the way home. When they arrived, Nora and Alan got out of the car and bade goodbye to Hazel and Oca.
	Nora felt very tired and went straight upstairs when she got home.
	Alan followed her into the bedroom, where he held her in his arms from behind and smelled her fragrance.
	"Baby, I miss you so much." Alan felt that every business trip and separation from Nora made him miss her more.
	"Alan, I'm tired. I want to take a bath and rest." Nora was too tired to deal with Alan and she was not in the mood.
	"Just give me a hug." Alan didn't want to let go. "I miss you every day. Don't you miss me at all?"
	"Can we not say that today? You must be tired after the business trips. Take a rest earlier." Nora tried to get Alan out of the way.
	"What's the matter with you, Nora? Don't you feel well?" Alan turned to her and saw that she did not look well. "I'll call the family doctor."
	"No, I just didn't get enough rest. I'll be all right after a good night's sleep." Nora took his hand off her forehead.
	"Let me kiss you, and then I will go to rest." Alan looked like a child asking for candies. His eyes were full of longing.
Chapter 465 It's None of Your Business for Whether I'm Beautiful
	"Stop that now." Nora was a little helpless, but she was patient and kept a decent smile.
	"Just a kiss." Alan put his arm around Nora and moved closer to her.
	Nora understood that Alan must miss her since he had not seen her for such a long time.
	She was his wife, and his request was reasonable. She really had no reason to refuse him.
	She calmed herself and gave Alan a hug.
	As Alan's handsome face came closer and closer, Nora stared at him in a trance. Just as Alan was about to kiss her, she put her hands on his chest and pushed him away.
	Alan was caught off guard, and he staggered back and fell to the ground.
	Alan stared blankly at Nora, who stood where she was, her hands clenched together, and she grasped for breath.
	"Sorry," Nora said apologetically.
	She didn't know what was wrong with her. She had told herself to get used to it, but her hands were out of control and pushed Alan away.
	Alan got up from the ground, not feeling angry. "What's wrong with you? Are you too stressful because of work?"
	"I don't know." Nora sat down faintly on the edge of the bed. "My mind is confused and I'm tired."
	Alan sat down next to her, and he felt distressed for her as he watched her in tiredness.
	"Dear, I know you want to have your own career and doing public service is meaningful, but one's energy is limited. Don't put yourself under much pressure." Alan comforted her.
	"If you're really tired, let's take a break and relax. Why don't we go on a vacation? I can accompany you to travel and to relax."
	"If you don't want to be so tired, just let go of some tasks. Don't give yourself too many burdens. I just want you to be happy and relaxed every day. I don't want you to be so tired after you marry me. I would feel distressed."
	Alan looked at Nora with sincerity, which made Nora feel guilty.
	What should she do so that she would not resist him so much? What should she do so that they could live a happy life like an ordinary couple?
	"OK, let's go on holiday." She thought a change of place would change her mood and perhaps it would give her unexpected results.
	Alan's eyes lit up as he saw Nora agreed.
	He had been too busy this period of time, and now they finally had time to be alone.
	Alan took Nora in his arms and felt ecstatic.
	After the business trip, Alan could have a few days off. He and Nora could have a good time for several days!
	Their travelling destination was Mauritius.
	Both Nora and Alan were from famous families, so they had traveled abroad many times since they were young. They had visited almost all the beautiful and famous islands in the world, including the Maldives for their honeymoon.
	Although Mauritius was well known, it is located in Africa, and neither of them had ever been there.
	Country Z was the first country enjoying visa-free treatment in Mauritius. Tourists holding Country Z passport do not need to apply for a visa if they stay for less than 30 days, so Alan and Nora set off immediately.
	They arrived in Mauritius after about 10 hours of voyage and checked in a hotel named The Oberoi Mauritius, which owned a large white sandy beach with spectacular sea views and sunsets.
	They lived in the presidential villa, located on the beach, with quiet azure bay and picturesque mountain scenes.
	The bedrooms were bright and spacious, with luxurious bathrooms and private patio views.
	The villa's garden was full of exotic flowers and trees, and in the center, there was a huge swimming pool that allowed them to swim to their heart's desire.
	The presidential villa was not far away from the beach and offered ocean views.
	The bedrooms were large, richly decorated and full of light.
	Nora was very satisfied with Alan's arrangement. They place was quiet and allowed her not to be disturbed by the outside world. Staying here, she could live far away from the hustle and bustle and to relax herself.
	Nora hadn't been out for a long time, and this time she wanted to relax and put everything behind her.
	Every day Alan and she got up early to enjoy the sports and scenery, surfing, sailing, kayaking, snorkeling, etc. They appreciated giant tortoises, lizards and the like. Jungle adventures were also great options.
	Along the west coast, they could enjoy the beautiful scenery and paddle in the shoals.
	They had a great fun staying here.
	After having fun, they went to bed, and when the next day came, they were full of energy again.
	Alan hadn't seen the bright smile on Nora's face for a long time. He was relieved seeing her laugh.
	They dined at the resort's restaurant and walked along the beach as the sun set.
	Alan wore a pair of beach pants and a floral shirt that was unbuttoned, revealing his sexy abs.
	Alan, tall and handsome with Oriental male charm, attracting many open blondes flirt with him.
	Alan had met some of these hot girls in bars when he was studying abroad, but he didn't like blondes at all. He preferred Chinese women with dark hair and dark eyes.
	As soon as Nora appeared, Alan put his arms around her and said, "This is my wife. She's the only one I love."
	The beauty raised her eyebrows and said, "Your wife is quite beautiful."
	"Thank you."
	Then the blonde left with the champagne. Nora looked at Alan. "What are you laughing at?"
	"She praises you. Of course I am happy," Alan chuckled and pinched Nora's chin.
	"It's none of your business that I am pretty," Nora sniffed.
	"It means I have a good taste and good luck to marry such a beautiful wife." Alan was smug.
	Nora shook her head. "Come on, take a walk."
	Alan looked at Nora's face, and then, he arms ran down her neck, her collarbone, her slim waist... At last, he frowned when he saw her long straight white legs.
	Nora was wearing a black bikini, which made her white skin whiter. When the sun shone on her, she looked amazing. In normal days, Nora retained her slim figure. When she dressed like this, she looked very attractive and hot.
	"Isn't that too revealing?" Alan felt his throat dry.
	Nora felt Alan's hot eyes. "That's what everyone wears on the beach. Do you want me to wrap up in many clothes?"
	Nora had always been a bold person who felt that she should display her beauty, and it was not illegal.
	"But it will attract many men's attention." Alan was a bit jealous.
Chapter 466 Beat the Shit out of You
	He took another look at Nora's hot figure with a look of reluctance.
	"That means your wife, which is me, is attractive. That's your honor." Nora looked at herself. "They couldn't see much except my bare hands and feet."
	"That won't do, anyway." Alan quickly took off his shirt and put it over Nora's shoulder, and buttoned it with a button. By doing this, he felt satisfied and relieved. "This is good."
	Nora felt helpless at the sight of the garish shirt, but she maintained her grace. "It looks strange in the clothes, and it will make me attract people's attention more. See, every woman wears bikini. Don't think too much."
	Nora took off the shirt and gave it to Alan. "Shall we take a walk or not?"
	Alan put on his shirt again. He followed Nora and clasped her hand, declaring that Nora was his so as to avoid others to harass her.
	They walked hand in hand on the soft white sand. The tide washed their feet, giving them a cool and comfortable feeling.
	The sea breeze blew by and Nora's curly, wavy hair was blowing in the wind, making her look enchanting.
	Nora kicked the sea water at Alan. Alan was splashed wet, and he fought back. He lifted the sea water with both hands and went to Nora, who dodged and ran away.
	Alan caught up with her and they played on the beach. Their laughing sounded around the sea. In Alan's eyes, Nora was even more beautiful than the sunset.
	Alan wrote in English on the beach, "Nora, I love you" and then circled it with a heart shape.
	"It's old fashioned," Nora laughed at him.
	"Yes, but I really love you." Alan took Nora's hand to his left breast. "Can you feel it?"
	Nora felt her hands were hot, and his chest was hard.
	She pulled her hand away awkwardly. "I'm tired. I want to take a bath."
	"Fine, let's go home." Alan didn't mind Nora not responding to him.
	In his mind, a man should take the initiative to express their love to a woman. Even if she stood in situ, as long as he approached her step by step, one day he would come to her side, and go into her heart.
	Nora and Alan went back to their villa. Alan filled the bathtub with milk and rose essential oil. The fragrance of the flowers mixed with the fragrance of milk was very relaxing, just like the charming fragrance of Nora.
	"Honey, the water is ready." Alan tested the water temperature and stepped out of the bathroom.
	Nora had changed into her bathrobe and said, "Thank you."
	She went into the bathroom, took off her bathrobe and stepped into the bathtub.
	Alan also went back to the room and took a shower. His mind was full of Nora's beautiful shape, which fascinated him all the time.
	Alan played with his phone in the bedroom after the shower and post the beautiful pictures of Nora on his Moments, adding, "It's my wife."
	Soon his friends and partners gave their "likes" to the pictures. Everyone envied him for marrying such a gorgeous woman.
	Alan was so happy. Then he got dressed, and wanted to look around the bars here by himself.
	Unexpectedly, he met a man from Country M. He sat down next to Alan and said, "Let me buy you a drink."
	"Thanks." Alan drank by himself.
	"Nice to meet you. My name is Mike. How about you?" Mike asked.
	"Neil." Alan gave him a random name.
	"Why are you alone? Is that your wife or your girlfriend with you today?" Mike was curious.
	"My wife." Alan could tell that Mike had an evil mind, so he added, "We've been married for five years."
	"Your wife is beautiful. She is the most beautiful oriental woman I have ever seen," Mike complimented. "Five years of marriage. Has your passion in that issue gone?"
	"What do you mean?" Alan was still young and didn't know what Mike meant.
	"Sex life." Mike winked at Alan and lowered his voice. "I know it's hard to talk about these things. I understand."
	"Did you see my wife over there? She's in a red strapless dress." Mike pointed to their left, where there were several woman talking and drinking. "We've been married for two years, but we've lost our passion. That's why we came out looking for passion. Are you too?"
	Alan didn't answer. He took another sip from his glass and waited for what Mike would say.
	"Since we had no passion in life, I happened to figure out a way to increase the passion. Do you want to try?" Mike jiggled his glass.
	"What's that?" Alan wanted to see what he had to say.
	"Couples don't have passion because they know each other too well." Mike explained, "Your wife is so beautiful, and mine is not bad. Why don't we swap our wives? Play each other's wife will be excited and fresh."
	Alan had heard of wife-swapping games before, but it was the first time he had been asked to do so.
	"With my wife's charm, you can play this game till your back is painful, and you can enjoy the thrill of life. Do you want to think about it?" Mike was longing for the game.
	"Did your wife approve of this?" Alan held back his anger.
	"She didn't agree to it at first, but there are other ways to get her to agree. If she's blindfolded, she won't know anything, or to get her drunk. If it doesn't work, just drug her, and she'll be good." Mike seemed to have played that a lot of times.
	"Every man who sees your wife fancies that your wife is theirs. She's so beautiful, especially when she was in a swimsuit..."
	"I'll take the first place, with your permission, and we'll play the games tonight. At the thought of your wife's long legs, her white skin... I get hot all over..."
	When Alan heard these indecent words of Nora, he couldn't stand it anymore.
	He finished the last drop of the drink and slammed it on the bar. Then he clenched his fist and hit Mike, who was grinning evilly.
	"Shit!
	"Ah!"
	Mike was so indulged in his fantasy that he didn't expect Alan to hit him. By the time he came to his senses, Alan had knocked him to the ground with a blow.
	"What they hell are you doing? He wiped the blood at the corner of his lips.
	Alan grabbed Mike by the collar and said, "If you say anything indecent to my wife again, I'll beat the shit out of you!"
Chapter 467 I Will Die with You If You Die
	When Mike heard that, he was also angry.
	He stood up. He was tall and looked a little stronger than Alan.
	Alan was indeed a pampered gentleman. He had delicate skin, but developed a muscular body. However, he still looked a bit thinner than Mike.
	"Yeah, let's see who will be defeated! I will show your wife how useless her husband is! Then, she will definitely look down on you and maybe fall in love with me..." Mike said to anger Alan.
	"Dream on!" Alan raised his fist again.
	Mike was on guard this time. He dodged Alan's fist and hit back with a punch, causing Alan to stagger and hit his back on the side of the bar.
	Alan also felt warm blood coming out of the corner of his broken lip.
	He raised a hand to wipe away the blood, staring fiercely at Mike.
	Mike laughed and moved his wrist easily, "You're so weak and must not be able to make your wife happy. So, don't control her, and I'll love her well for you."
	Alan picked up the glass on the bar and slammed it down on Mike, "Shut up!"
	Mike raised his hand to block the glass. But a shard cut the skin of his arm.
	Mike was also angry, and went forward to fight with Alan. Because of the lack of physical strength, Alan naturally suffered and had more injuries on his face and body than Mike.
	"Look at you! Can you protect your wife?" Mike laughed at Alan's uselessness.
	"I love my wife very much. As long as I am here, no one can touch her!"
	"So you don't want your life?" Mike raised his eyebrows, not even taking Alan's words seriously.
	"Yes!" Alan hit Mike fiercely with his head.
	Mike let go of his hand in pain and reached up to cover the top of his head.
	"You're not much stronger than that!" Alan wiped the blood on his lips away and looked a bit miserable.
	Mike came forward and carried Alan's collar, his eyes scarlet, "Let me see how tough you are!"
	Mike clenched a fist, gathered his strength, and was about to smash Alan's face.
	"Stop it! Let him go!" a clear voice came out.
	Nora came in a white dress. Her eyes were cold and she stared at Mike.
	Nora dressed in white was surprisingly pretty and pure. Her charming and pure face was so impressive that it could not be forgotten.
	Mike looked at Nora obsessively, "Unless you replace him!"
	"No!" Alan yelled and refused.
	"Who are you? How dare you have designs on me?" Nora said dominantly and sneered, "Don't think you can afford to offend any people from Country Z."
	"Hot girl!" Mike did not take it seriously, smiling even more brightly, "I'll get you."
	Nora sneered at his smugness.
	"I am a citizen from Country Z. I am also his wife and the most favored girl in my family. Do you think you are qualified to get me? You cannot do anything they do not agree!"
	"By the way, you can call the Embassy of Country Z in the Republic of Mauritius to ask if you can get me."
	"Let me tell you, the strongest backing of the people from Country Z is our government. Can you afford to hurt us?"
	"Be wise and let my husband go, or I will ask the Embassy for help immediately. Don't think you are superior because you are from Country M. I think our country is more reliable than yours. If you don't believe me, you can have a try."
	Nora's words were resounding. She had a firm gaze and powerful aura, which was awesome.
	Mike's face changed by Nora's words. He gradually lost the sharpness and violence he had just now.
	"I don't bother arguing with you." Mike let go of Alan and walked away disdainfully.
	Nora held Alan up and looked at the bruises on his face, "Let's go."
	Nora helped Alan back to the room, and then cleaned his wound.
	At this time, Alan's face was red and swollen. It was not as handsome as it was before.
	"It hurts..." Alan screamed miserably.
	"So it didn't hurt when you fought with others just now?" Nora rolled her eyes at him, "What's the point of showing off?"
	"He is scum. Scum deserves it!" Alan was furious when he thought of Mike's words.
	"Do you think you are brave to fight with scum?" Nora criticized him, "We are now abroad, not at home. We have promised to keep a low profile, right? Did you forget it?"
	"I didn't." Alan complained, "I just couldn't stand it anymore."
	"Alan, I'm telling you, whatever the reason is, it is wrong for you to beat people. I am very angry about this matter. You cannot talk to me for a month." Nora packed the first aid kit.
	"A month?" Alan was shocked and frowned, unhappy, "I can't even hold my tongue without talking to you for a day. Are you killing me?"
	"If I didn't come, you would have been killed by someone else." Nora said angrily. She couldn't imagine what would happen to Alan if she hadn't arrived in time. Maybe he would have been dead or crippled.
	"How did you know I was there?" Alan thought of that he hadn't told her, and managed to change the subject.
	"I saw that you posted a location in your friend circle. So, I quietly came to try to give you a surprise. But I did not expect you gave me such a 'surprise'." Nora was terrified at that time. If Alan had any accident, how could she tell the Way family, "Luckily, my heart is strong enough, or I would be the one who died of fright first!"
	"What nonsense are you talking about? How can I let you die? I'll die with you if you die." Alan blurted out.
	Nora stared at his face, and wanted to laugh and cry, "Come on. Take care and recover from the injury. The next days, you cannot go anywhere and can only stay here to reflect."
	"No, I have to protect you. Besides, I did not do anything wrong. Why should I reflect?" Alan followed Nora and watched her put her things away.
	"Do you think you are right? Mr. Alan, you should know you are the favored son of the Way family. How can I tell your grandfather and parents now like this?" Nora frowned.
	"I am yours now. What does it have to do with them?" Alan took her hand, "I should be the one to protect you."
	Nora shook his hand away, "I don't need your protection, okay? Go rest."
	"I'm in pain all over and can't walk back alone." Alan pouted and sat down in the sofa, hugging the pillow and not wanting to leave.
	"Then you sleep here. I'll go to your room." Nora got up to leave.
	"Don't go, honey."
	"Honey, my stomach hurts."
	"Honey, I feel sick."
	It was useless whatever Alan said....
Chapter 468 He Is Indeed Scum
	Since Alan was injured in the fight, Nora forbade him to go out and let him recover from his injury in the room. Before he recovered, he could not go out.
	Alan was very dissatisfied and had been protesting. But it did not work. Otherwise, Nora would leave by herself and leave him here.
	Alan naturally did not want to let his wife away in anger. So, he could only compromise.
	He was actually worried that no one was with Nora and protected her when she went out alone.
	"I have a sense of propriety. I won't fight with people casually like you." Nora pointed her head, "I use my brain."
	Alan was speechless and could only watch Nora go out alone. He did not forget to repeatedly admonish her, "Be careful and call me immediately if anything happens to you."
	"I see." Nora waved her hand.
	Nora went out alone today, wearing a white camisole and shorts. A loose white sunscreen shirt covered her thighs. She only revealed her white, slender calves and her skin was white.
	She wore a sunhat and sunglasses. Her long hair was braided and hung on one side. She looked charming and cool.
	After a day of fun, she went to the restaurant for dinner.
	A foreign woman sat opposite her uninvited. She was wearing a short red halter dress and had very nice figure.
	Nora could tell in the woman's eyes that she was not hostile.
	"Can I help you?" Nora asked politely.
	"Thank you and your husband for teaching my husband a lesson last night." The foreign woman smiled slightly, but looked a little bitter.
	Nora recalled what happened yesterday and locked in the target, "You are Mike's wife?"
	"Yes." The woman nodded, "I am Alma."
	"It's wrong for my husband to beat people first. But your husband hit too hard. And he was too rude. So, we have to teach him a lesson." Nora was clear and reasonable, and not afraid.
	"No, he deserves it." Alma was a little excited.
	"..." Nora was calm, but didn't say anything.
	"He's a scumbag." Alma gritted her teeth when she talked about her husband. There was pain in her eyes, "He has made me suffer a lot."
	Nora didn't interrupt her, just listened to her talk about her affair with Mike.
	Alma talked about the crazy game. Because of her husband's special hobby, she was designed by him to sleep with strange men.
	He would get angry and beat her whenever she disagreed. So, she had been tortured all the time.
	She had also thought of getting a divorce. But he said that she had no right to divorce unless he didn't want her. Otherwise, he would beat her to death and wouldn't spare her family.
	Mike's family was rich, while Alma came from a middle-class family. Her family needed to rely on Mike's family. So, her parents would not support her divorce.
	Besides, Mike also had the videos she slept with other men. He threatened that as long as they got a divorce, he would tell everyone that she cheated on him.
	The success rate of Mike's crazy game with others was 70 percent. Even if he was rejected, the other party would just refuse politely. He had never met such a man who loved his wife so much like Alan, and even fought with him. So, Mike was also considered to meet with a major setback.
	Alma was naturally happy to see Mike being beaten.
	Nora was shocked by people like Mike, "He is indeed scum."
	Although Nora had also heard of this kind of crazy game, when she really heard it, she was still very shocked and felt deep sympathy for Alma.
	"So your husband hit Mike because he wanted to protect you. It wasn't your husband's fault. I hope you can understand him." Alma's eyes were red.
	Nora took a tissue and gave it to her, "I know."
	Alma took the tissue, wiped away the tears on the corners of her eyes, and smiled, "I can see your husband loves you very much."
	"Well..." Nora lifted her hand and pushed her hair behind her ear to hide her embarrassment.
	She felt that Alan and she were not lovers, and it seemed too abrupt to talk about love now.
	"You should cherish such a gentleman who loves you so much." Alma's green eyes were full of envy for Nora, "If I could start over, I wish I could find someone who would truly love me, instead of suffering like now."
	"Is there anything I can do for you?" Nora felt so sorry for Alma, and that Mike was so hateful.
	"No need." Alma shook her head, as if she had resigned to her fate, "This is my fate."
	"Where is he?" Nora asked again.
	"Mike?" Alma's eyes were gloomy when she mentioned her husband, "He's in his room. Although your husband was injured, Mike didn't have much advantage. Since his face was injured, he could not go out and flirt with women. So, thanks to you. He will rest for a while and I can relax a bit."
	"Do you trust me?" Nora's eyes were sincere.
	Alma nodded heavily, "Yes."
	Last night, she saw that Nora was so domineering that she used a few words and made Mike dare not act rashly. She really admired Nora at that time, and suddenly thought that if only she could be her.
	"Then listen to me ..." Nora then whispered in Alma's ear.
	Alma nodded with a smile while listening to her words.
	"Got it?" Nora asked her.
	"Yes." Alma took her words to heart.
	"Then I'll see you later." Nora wanted to go back and see Alan first.
	With that, Nora and Alma were separated. She took some food back with her.
	Alan saw Nora come back and put his phone down, "Honey, I'm really bored at home alone."
	"Have you had dinner?" Nora walked over and put the dinner she brought back on the table, "This is for you."
	"You were not here and I didn't want to eat." Alan said lazily, "Feed me."
	"You hurt your face, not your hands." Nora stared at Alan, who looked like a scoundrel.
	"But my hands hurt after hitting him." Alan was now good at acting like a spoiled child.
	Nora didn't bother arguing with him. Thinking of that Alma said Alan fought with Mike for her, she was quite touched.
	Nora picked up the meal and fed Alan. Alan was half lying down like a master, enjoying Nora's service, and was satisfied.
	"Honey, I've been at home all day. Can I go out in the evening?" Alan asked as he ate.
	"You'd better stay here honestly." Nora rejected.
	Alan looked more upset, "No one can see the injury on my face at night. Honey, please let me go out, or I cannot keep sane."
Chapter 469 What Will You Do If I Do the Same Thing
	Nora watched Alan's face with bruises, trying to holding back the thought of laughing. After all, he got bruises because he tried to protect her from harm. Those are the medal of bravery.
	Being pitiable, Alan looked at Nora and pulled her sleeve. "Honey, please let me go out. Please..."
	Nora put a piece of apple in his mouth. "Do you really want to go out?"
	"Definitely." Alan's eyes shined with excitement.
	"Okay, but on one condition." Nora moved her eyebrows.
	"I will agree even if there are a hundred conditions." Alan patted his chest and promised.
	"Good." Nora ate a piece of apple. "You must follow my order after going out. I have an important secret mission for you."
	"Honey, I promise you I will complete the mission." Alan saluted to her, but full of curiosity. "Can you tell what it is first?"
	Nora smiled and glanced at Alan from head to toes.
	Alan found her smile creepy.
	He stretched his shirt. "Do you want me to sell my flesh?"
	"Nice try. Who will like a guy with bruises?" Nora said dismissively.
	"You're right. I'm not attractive with these bruises." Feeling relieved, Alan stopped stretching his shirt and smoothed the wrinkles. "Honey, I'm yours. Please don't sell me to others."
	"I will give you the money that I get by selling you." Nora teased him.
	"I don't need money if you're the buyer." Alan sat up, holding Nora and putting his head on her shoulder. "Honey, I can't do everything you want except this. I'm only yours and you can only be mine."
	Listening to Alan's words, Nora turned pale. Her hand that held the apple shivered.
	The memory that she had sex with Oca on that night came to her mind. It was crazy and passionate. The thought of it still made her heart beating.
	She felt guilty for Alan, but she couldn't tell him about it.
	She licked her lips and opened her mouth slightly, but she still didn't know how to tell him.
	Alan found her trying to say something. "Honey, just say it. We have married for so long. Don't be afraid."
	Nora stared at Alan and her mind was in turmoil. Her words came to the tip of her tongue.
	"I'm going to kiss you if you keep looking at me like that." In Alan's eyes, Nora was the most beautiful rose. He wanted to have her.
	Listening to his words, Nora suddenly stood up. "I need to take a shower and change my clothes."
	Watching Nora fleeing away, Alan put his arms behind his head and smiled like a cunning fox.
	After taking a shower, Nora wore a set of sportswear and tied a ponytail. Then she wore a baseball cap and a pair of pink sunglasses.
	She put vermilion lipstick on her lips, highlighting she was fashionable.
	Alan kept smiling at Nora. She felt uncomfortable being looked at by him. "Why do you keep smiling? Does your head go wrong because of being hit last night?"
	"My wife is beautiful in any look." Alan was so proud of having her as his wife. But it also troubled him, since too many men chased after her.
	"Shut up." Nora took a look at her phone, finding Alma had sent her a text. "Let's go."
	"Awesome." Alan jumped from the couch excitedly.
	Alan followed after Nora, wearing a pair of black sunglasses, which brought out his handsomeness.
	He didn't ask Nora where they were going to. He just followed her. Then, they arrived at a villa.
	Alma had waited for Nora at the door. Seeing Nora was coming, Alma greeted her hastily. "I have narcotized him as you said."
	"Good." Nora gave her a compliment and introduced her to Alan. "Alan, she's Alma, Mike's wife."
	"What?!" Alan felt surprised. "How did you...know each other?"
	And it seemed that they had a rather good relationship.
	"Come in and you will know." Nora led him in.
	Alma was leading them and Nora held hands with Alan who was unpleasant. Then they came to the bedroom.
	Mike laid on the bed, closing his eyes and breathing slightly. It seemed like he was asleep.
	"Alma, take off his clothes and tie him up." Nora tapped Alan. "You help her."
	Alan confused. "Don't you say we shouldn't rock the boat?"
	"..." Nora felt embarrassed and made up an excuse. "I didn't know he is such a jerk at first. Alma told me everything. What I do now is for justice. Hurry up. Cut the bullshit."
	So, they took off Mike's clothes, tied him up on the bed and covered his eyes with a black tie.
	Alan thought the scene was intolerable to the eye, so he covered Nora's eyes with his hands. "Don't watch it. It will tarnish your beautiful eyes."
	"I'm not interested in him." Nora didn't want to look at Mike. She said to Alma, "Have you prepared the tools?"
	Alma had set up three cameras towards Mike, recording him from three angles.
	When everything was prepared, a local woman, who had dark skin, with big boobs and ass came in. She didn't wear a lot. She probably was a whore.
	Nora talked to that woman and Alma paid her half of the money that she promised. Then, she agreed.
	That woman didn't care about being watched. She took off her clothes and went to the bed.
	Alma pushed the recording button and they left the bedroom, waiting in the living room.
	They were talking while watching TV and eating fruits. After a while, the whore walked out the bedroom and told them it was done.
	Alma and Nora were going to check, but Alan stopped Nora. "You stay here. I will go."
	Alma and Alan checked the record and thought it was OK.
	So, Alma paid the whore another half of the money. The whore left happily.
	"Alma, keep these well. It depends on you how to use them." Nora held her hands and said to her sincerely, "You should follow your heart. You should live for yourself and live a life that you want. It's okay to be selfish. I will cut his dick and let him fuck off if he were my husband."
	Nora made a gesture of cutting with her eyes expressing cruelty.
	Alan, standing beside her, turned pale. "Honey, I definitely won't do that."
	Though feeling high originally, Nora felt down because of his words. She was the cheater in their marriage.
	But she couldn't mention a word to Alan, keeping it as a secret.
	Nora smiled at Alma and left. Alan thought something was wrong, so he chased after her.
	Until they came back to their villa, Alan asked her, "What happened?"
	"What will you do if I do the same thing?" Nora plucked up the courage to ask him.
Chapter 470 I Don't Want to Be Apart with You
	Alan was confused by Nora's question. He stared at her for a while and then asked.
	"What are you talking about? What do you mean?"
	"I mean, what will you do if I do what Mike did?" Nora breathed deeply. Since she had already mentioned about it, it would be easier for her to tell him all.
	Alan froze, not knowing Nora's thought.
	He mussed his hair and sat down anxiously. "How could that be? You will never do what Mike did. Honey, I trust you."
	"You trust me, but I don't trust myself." Nora said with her head down. "Alan, I'm a person just like Mike. What will you do?"
	"I have said you're nothing like him." Alan raised his voice. "What-ifs are not existed. Just don't put me and you in this awkward situation. You're my wife. I love you and I will treat you right."
	"Alan, I know you treat me well. But I don't think I deserve it." Nora blamed herself in heart. After what happened with Oca, she was the one who cheated in their marriage. "Alan, let's get divorced."
	Alan looked up suddenly and widened his eyes, staring at Nora in confuse.
	"Honey, stop kidding me." Alan said with sadness. "Saying too much these words will hurt our relationship."
	"Alan, do we have relationship?" Nora's eyes turned cold. She was like a different person.
	Alan looked at Nora, but it seemed like she was not the one that he knew. Although she was standing in front of him, she was far away from him. He didn't know how she suddenly turned into this.
	"What's wrong?" They were happy just now for finishing a task together.
	"Alan, I'm serious." Nora looked serious. It didn't seem like she was making a joke. "I feel guilty for you. I have to do this."
	"Nora, do you get sick?" Alan began to be nervous, touching her forehead and face to see if she got fever. But her body temperature was normal. "What's wrong?"
	"I'm not sick." Nora shook her head. "I just can't forgive myself."
	"What happened exactly? Why do you have to get divorced with me?" Alan frowned and felt bitter. "Did I do something wrong? Or I'm not enough for you? Nora, please tell me. I will be a better man. I will do what you ask. Is that okay? Please don't get divorced with me."
	Alan was begging her, using his shivering hands to hold hers.
	"Is it because of children? If you don't want to raise children, I don't want them neither. We can just lead a life in the heaven of the two of us. And you're my only princess in this heaven. OK?"
	Listening to Alan's sincere words, Nora was suffering. Her heart was shaking and her eyes turned red.
	She also wanted to lead a happy life with Alan. But she didn't expect what happened with Oca, messing up her plans and breaking her wishes.
	She wanted to forget that, but she couldn't pretend nothing happened and accept Alan's love without feeling guilty. She couldn't keep the secret from him. It made her suffering.
	Until today, she finally plucked up the courage and had the chance to tell.
	"Alan, you're not the one that makes mistakes. I'm." Nora didn't want to see Alan blaming himself. "You're an excellent man. But I'm not a good woman."
	"I'm an excellent man?" Alan sneered. "If I'm an excellent man, why does my wife want to get divorced with me? If I'm an excellent man, should I deserve happiness?"
	"Don't say that, please." Nora was in pain seeing him heart-broken.
	"Then what should I do? Agree to get divorced?" Alan was livid. "Nora Cooper, I won't agree to get divorced."
	"Alan, I..." Nora bit her lip, gathering courage. "I'm not the pure Nora Cooper as you imagine. I'm not a virgin anymore."
	Alan stunned. His eyes indicated his confusion.
	"What?" Alan asked, "What did you say?"
	"I have lost my virginity." Nora said it again, making sure that he heard it clearly.
	Alan fell silent, with his head down and eyes closed. It seemed like he was thinking.
	It was silent in the room, because Nora didn't say a word either.
	"Is it because of it? That' why you want to get divorced?" Alan broke the silence. His voice was deep. "Nora, I knew about your past, but what's past is passed. I don't care about your past. Otherwise, I wouldn't marry you.
	Nora, I have prepared myself before getting married. You are taking me as a superficial man. Am I a man like that? Only care about if you're a virgin? Nora, do you know you're insulting me and yourself.
	Nora, marriage is not a play. Getting married or divorced is not a casual thing. Now that we're husband and wife, no matter what happened, I won't let you go. We will reach happiness together.
	Nora, don't have any burden in mind. I really don't care. The imperfect you is the realest existence and is the one that I fall in love with. Don't say getting divorced easily again. I won't get divorced with you, unless I die.
	Nora turned her face. Tears appeared in her eyes. She felt touched by his words.
	But she didn't want him to see that. She held back her tears, trying to be cold and indifferent.
	She couldn't be softhearted now. She didn't her weakness hurt him, since she might work out her demon inside.
	Oca was around her and they often met each other.
	That thing twined her like vine and was getting tighter, leaving her breathless.
	She couldn't imagine the result and the hurt brought to Alan and Hazel if the thing was known.
	"Alan, you don't have been like this." Nora sighed. "Let's stop torturing each other."
	"I won't let you go even if it's a torture." Alan said firmly, "I believe absolute sincerity will move a heart of stone. And your heart is not a stone. You'll be touched. Nora, I believe in me and you."
	"I do have a heart of stone." Nora said something malicious. "I won't fall in love with you in my whole life."
	Alan looked sad and his heart hurt, but he pretended he didn't care. "It's okay. I have my whole life to accompany you."
	"But I don't need it."
	"That's my choice."
	"Alan, why don't you understand? What's the meaning of lying to yourself?"
	"It doesn't have any meaning, but I don't want to be apart with you."
	"Alan!"
	"I'm here."
	"I'm not cracking a joke!"
	"Neither do I!"
Chapter 471 Then We Will Die Together!
	Their trip ended in bad terms.
	On their way home from Mauritius, Nora tried not to speak with Alan, at least not to talk voluntarily.
	She didn't give many responses to Alan's caring voice, but only told him that she wished to be quiet and wanted no disturbance.
	Alan felt awful about Nora's aloofness. He could not understand what had went wrong that the rest of the journey had to be so awkward.
	When they returned to their house at the Asgard lake community, Nora jumped straight to bed without even taking the shower. Too tired, she soon full into sleep on her soft bed.
	It was in the evening when she finally had enough of sleep. She got up and took a bath.
	Nanny Freya called her to supper, but Nora had no slightest appetite, and she hated to face Alan during that time.
	Nora dressed a white long dress and picked a brown coat that looked like the color of roasted caramel. Then, she went downstairs.
	"Freya, I need to go out to attend some business. Don't wait for me." Nora went to the entrance to pick her shoes.
	Alan was sitting in the dinning hall and eating his breakfast when he heard Nora's voice. He walked toward her, "Where do you think you are going?"
	"I don't want to start an argument!" Nora's word was meant to talk Alan out of this conversation before he asked too many annoying questions.
	"Even if you meant to get out, you shouldn't leave without your meal. It's bad for your stomach." Alan still maintained a gentle tone.
	"Thank you for your concern! But I knew what I am doing！You can continue without me!" Nora had already changed to a high-heeled shoes with brown color.
	As an elegant beauty, Nora always liked to wear a pair of high-heeled shoes, even during the winter season when the chilly wind was blowing outside. She belonged to a typical type of women who would choose fitness over their health.
	"Where are you up to? I can drive you." Alan picked his coat which suspending in the rear-door and was ready to get dressed.
	"I said leave me alone!" Nora felt that his attention had made her more stressful. She couldn't forgive herself for being disloyal to him during their holy betrothal, "Alan, about what I said, I mean it. So, please don't be so nice to me. You are a good man! But you deserve someone better! Our marriage is a mistake!"
	Having said those words helplessly, she turned around and wandered off immediately.
	Though Alan could forgive her, she, on the other hand, would never truly forgive herself and accept Alan's kindness without self-blame ever again.
	Alan pulled his wrist to prevent her from leaving the house, "And I am too when I say I am serious. I won't accept your offer."
	"Allan! Don't force me to act hysterically!" Nora stared at him with an anguish face.
	"I don't care!" In Alan's eyes was a silent glance as though he was determined not to release his grip of her no matter what she would do.
	"Let go of me, Alan!" Nora struggled to break free from his firm grip.
	But Alan pulled her wrist tightly. The more she struggled, the tighter the grip got. He wasn't going to let her go at all.
	"Have your dinner! Don't be such a baby!" Not only Alan didn't let her go, but he also tried to drag her to the dining table.
	Wearing the high-heeled shoes, Nora had no choice but to move her feet along with him to the dining hall.
	Alan pulled out of an armchair for her, then sat next to her without a moment of chance for her to escape.
	Alan's another hand stretched out, in order to fetch some food and to place it in her plate, while one hand was still holding Nora, "This is your favorite beef. Nanny Freya's cooking is very good! Go on, taste it!"
	Nora turned her face to the other side and remain silence, ignored Alan's gentle voice,
	Still, Alan was not angry. Instead, he picked up a spoon, scooped it up and sent it to Nora's mouth, "Open it!"
	Nora was still untouched. She thought that she could not be soft. The problem would never be permanently fixed unless she kept it cool to the letter.
	Nora won't open her mouth, so, Alan had to raise his head constantly, with eyes staring at her.
	Freya sensed in the kitchen that something was not quite right between the couple. She was slightly concerned that a big quarrel would break out in the next second. But she was merely a humble servant. How dare she get in the middle of those? Her concern should be with the house chores, not the business of his employers.
	At last, Alan threw the spoon away and yanked Nora upstairs.
	Nora finally protested: "Alan, have you gone mad? Let me go! You psycho! You have no right to restrict my freedom! Release me!"
	Alan didn't care to hear her grudges. He just dragged her all the way to her bedroom and locked the door.
	He hustled her to the flexible bed and said, "Nora，take your word back if you ever want to get out!"
	"What word?" Nora sat up from her bed and asked.
	"The word about divorce." Alan reminded her of her own word.
	"You can forget it!" Nora firmly rejected.
	"Why?" Alan frowned his eyebrow, and placed his hands at his waist, looking dreadfully worried, "Can you grow up? Do you really enjoy tormenting me this much? We were both agree that we should give our marriage a chance. I think it went pretty well for the time being. And you also agreed to bear children for me. What has changed your mind?"
	"I don't love you! It's for the best that we should end our marriage and went our separated ways!" Nora's eyelashes lowered, for she dared not to look directly into his eyes, "I wasn't thinking when I gave you those promises!"
	"But I took it serious!" Alan gave a bitter smile with a mild twitch of his lips. "Do you know how thrilled I was when you told me you want kids? I wanted to have a kid that belongs to us immediately! Nora, you can't lie to me! If you really, really don't have any feeling for me, how could there be a delightful time between you and me? How would you think of having kids with me? I really don't give a damn of your past, honey! All I care is the present and the future. Our future, you and me! Would you entrust me with your future? I promise I will take good care of you! Love, I don't care whether you love me or not. As long as I try my best to love you and to give you a happy life, nothing matters anymore! Honey, let's get back again, like old times, isn't that great?"
	Alan had tried all his patience with her. It never occurred to him that one day there would be a woman who he would be so humble to cherish and to fall in love with that he would trade everything just for an opportunity to be with her
	Alan stooped and carefully held Nora's hands.
	Nora shrunk. She retracted her hands to avoid Alan.
	As Alan's speech got more and more sensible, she experienced even more sadness. But she couldn't get through herself.
	Alan froze. The look of how she evaded him once again broke his heart and left a deep wound.
	He slowly retracted his hands and placed it at sides. The raspy tone demanded, "You will go nowhere!"
	"Alan!" Nora suddenly stood up, staring at his tall back, "I really don't love you! You are just a burden to me. And being with you, I will suffocate! Please let go of me!"
	"Then we will die together!" Alan stopped looking at Nora and walked away.
	Very upset, Nora returned to her bedside, holding her fingers together.
	All she ever wanted was to reject Alan of any hope on her, because she wished to pardon them of the possibility of facing the awkward situations in the future. Better to drop things fast than let it stain forever. Was she wrong?
Chapter 472 Freedom or Starvation
	If not for that's incident, she might still want to live with Alan for a life full of ordinary matters in a passionless manner.
	Although she didn't love Alan with all her heart, not really, she still had great reverence for this man. Which could also be the basic fact to keep their marriage floating.
	But the fact of her being a damaged good often haunted her in the middle of the night. It gave her quite a hard time. She was under stress, and her heart could not carry the full weight of the recurrence of that experience. She felt so nervous that sleeping became a difficult task. She was severely losing her hair as well.
	If those proceed further, she feared that she might suffer from depression.
	Though she was a fairly optimistic person at sight, it didn't mean she didn't have a soft spot in her heart.
	Her rebellious spirit compelled her to disobey his orders. She wanted to get out!
	Nora stood up and walked towards the door, only to discover that the door had already been locked up
	She kicked at the door angrily, "Alan, you mother fucker! Why do you hold me here? It's freaking illegal."
	Nora couldn't anything about it, so she had to walk back to her bed and to sit down. Anger still burned her lung.
	She swinged her high-heeled shoes off and went to bed, starting to scroll her mobile phone.
	Few moments later, Freya was there, holding a tray full of supper, "my lady, master asked to bring those upstairs."
	"Tell her I won't eat unless he set me free! If he refuses, I am planning to die in starvation. She can deal with my body!"
	Those words hit the soft spot of Nanny Freya, so she decided to talk Nora out of this insensible word, "My lady, you shouldn't harm yourself with excessive angers."
	"It wasn't me! He was the one who is harming me!" Nora crossed her arms in front of her chest. "My lady, I may not know what happened between you and the master. But I think master really care about you." Freya was carefully observing Nora's looks for she was afraid that her ladyship may be angry., "If you can think more about how nice master was, maybe you will feel better. All those temper tantrums are not worthy it. It only harms yourself, my Lady"
	"How could I feel better when I am being trapped?" Nora was still at the peak of her rage. No one's words could get to her at the moment., "You go tell him that he can either let me go or let me starve."
	Freya frowned and complained silently.
	Her ladyship's temper was so unseasoned. And she was quite a stubborn character. The conflicts between them would not be set straight quite so easily
	"Freya, what did he do up there?" Nora turned around and asked.
	"The master is sitting in the drawing room, my lady!" Freya answered truthfully.
	"He is guarding me then! What a freak!" Nora angrily massaged her forehead with her fingers, "I don't think he can sit there all day!"
	Freya was trying to add something before Nora's cellphone started to ring. Freya dared not interrupt, so he went out of the room.
	It was voice call from Rose. After two deep breaths, Nora decided to pick up the phone.
	"Finally, you remembered how to my telephone number!" Nora said, without missing a small touch of grudge.
	"You sound like an unloved concubine!" Rose noticed Rose's angry look, "Who get to you this time?"
	"Is it that obvious?" Out of instincts, Nora touched her own face.
	"Haven't you and Alan just finished your vacation. I saw your WeChat moment, but you seem quite enjoying it. Why did you get so upset after your return? Something happened." Rose couldn't fathom a reason why she should be so upset, "Did Alan behave poorly on you?"
	"No." Nora shook her head and sighed, "It's me!"
	"……" Rose scowled, "Don't be too hard on yourself!"
	"Honey, I miss you!" Nora looked at her friend in the video. How did she wish that she was at her side!
	"I miss you too!" Rose smiled at Nora from her heart, "Why don't you come to visit me in City J!"
	"I was thinking of the other way around. You know, you can come to my place!" she said with discontent.
	Now that she was grounded by Alan, getting out of home proved to be quite an impossible task.
	"You know I have to attend classes. As a boss yourself, I am sure you have tons of time more than I have!" Rose said and grabbed a textbook from the table, "please understand!"
	"Okay! You will live!" Actually, Nora was only accidently saying that, "Rose, I need to tell you something."
	"What is it? You can tell me. I am in all ears." Rose said with a serious look.
	"I think Alan and I will get a divorce--"
	"What?" Out of shock, Rose had to interrupted her, "Are you serious? Divorce Alan, but why?"
	"The reason is very simple. I tried, and I could not fall in love with him. I don't want to give him wrong ideas! I think divorce is a good choice for both of us!" Though Nora had explained her excuses, but the hidden secrets was a more important reason for her choice. She didn't have the courage to bring it out.
	"Nora! Divorce is not a small business! You better think it though!" Rose's face looked more serious, "marriage in an internal affair. As an outsider, I don't know what I should say. I only wish there won't be a day when you come to regret your decision."
	"I knew!" Nora wouldn't bring this matter up if she hadn't gone through countless of careful considerations.
	"I will drop by if I have empty schedule this weekend." Rose was very concerned with Nora, "Don't make any rush decisions, okay?"
	"I know!"
	After the transmission was concluded, Nora lied in bed and gradually close her eyes.
	Meanwhile, Rose was sitting in her bed, watching Bright walking out of the bathroom, "Darling, what do you think of Alan?"
	"Why did you suddenly ask about him?" as usual sharp was Bright's vigilance, he remarked rather indifferently, "just a common bloke, but far less compared to me."
	Rose gave her a rather unladylike glance with a scent of scorn, "Can you stop be so self-centered? I want to hear a truthful evaluation on his character. What do you think of his marriage with Nora?"
	"You want to hear the truth?" Bright's face was juicy.
	"I won't be mad as long as they are truthful" Rose said seriously.
	"Alan is good man with good character and descent morality. He may seem a bit heartless sometimes, but he is an excellent material if he is provided with proper guidance and encouragement. He and Nora, he doesn't take the initiative. You know this lady's volatile temper. Not everyone would be able to harness her. He will devote more and be ever more tired. If they can work out their differences, they may still have a future together"
	Bright whisked off his sweat while he was answering the question seriously.
	"Why are you asking this for? What wrong with them?"] acumen was in Bright DNA that he can instantly detect the problem just by Rose's questions.
	"I am not sure. But it will become clear after I pay her a visit this weekend.", she said and placed her cellphone near her pillar.
	"We can't get a minute break from her, even when we have escaped to city J, can we?" Bright sounded unsatisfied, "We have to go to Lee residence this weekend, family dinner."
	"Okay! Come on, don't be such a petty person!" Rose put her arms around his neck, giving his face a lovely kiss.
	Bright smiled. He realized how smart, active and passionate Rose had become. It wasn't a bad thing after all.
	"Don't think you can fool me like that!" Bright squeezed her lower chin and targeted accurately at her lips.
	They crawled back to bed with that hot kiss. Their body was entangled and warmed and wet. Outside was that cold, cold night.
Chapter 473 Come for Mercy
	In the morning, Bright was having breakfast and drinking milk elegantly.
	Rose, who felt pain and sore all over, took a bite of sandwich and then glared at him.
	While Doris was also having breakfast quietly.
	Bill also arrived at the Ginkgo Villa while holding a bag of files. He sent it himself as it seemed to be quite important.
	"Bill, would you like to have breakfast with us?" Rose said to him.
	As the personal assistant working for Bright, Bill had been a capable one who could work under great pressure. And Rose appreciated his characteristic because of that. Of course, sometimes she also felt sympathetic to him.
	"Thank you, Mrs. Lee, I have finished." Now Bill was spared no time to have breakfast.
	He still failed to make progress in the work given by Bright last week. So he was rendered quite uneasy because of that.
	"Mr. Lee, the thing you asked me to deal with is a bit tricky." Bill lowered his head, looking a bit guilty.
	Bright put down the glass of milk and wiped his fingers with tissue, "Even my assistant deems it too tough to be dealt with?"
	Bill couldn't help sweating out of nervousness all over. It was his second time in his life to encounter such a tricky difficulty.
	Of course, the very first one was Mrs. Lee. Even he himself didn't expect at that time that she was actually the culprit who set Bright up. It took him quite a lot of efforts to figure it out for years.
	Now this time was about Marley. Bill had to find out the teachers who had talked to him before he fainted away and also his lover.
	"Mr. Lee." Bill's good-looking face even started to be twisted. He stared at Rose, looking awkward.
	He came here in the early morning was just because he wanted to tell Rose about it face to face. After all, Rose was much more easy-going that Bright. Besides, Bright actually appeared to be a henpecked.
	Of course, Rose could tell that Bill was asking for help. She felt quite sympathetic to him. After all, it might be the most difficult thing in the world to work for Bright.
	"Honey, the accident of your brother has been an old story long ago. There could be so many changes in all kinds of clues. Of course he needs more time and efforts to figure it out. Leave him more time, okay?" Rose started to comfort Bright and then continued, "You know, it took you more than five years to figure out the whole thing about me, right? Just offer Bill a few more days. I am sure he will try his best to do it well. And just let go of the punishment this time, okay?"
	Of course Bright could tell what Bill was thinking by doing so. He didn't expose his real intention this time. So he just agreed as Rose suggested, "Since Rose said that, I will spare you more time. But you have to figure it out!"
	"Yes, sir!" Bill said firmly. Then he looked at Rose with great gratitude.
	As expected, no matter how mad Bright would be, Rose could still easily dissipate his anger with soft words.
	Bright then reached out his hand in front of Bill and then Bill handed him the bag of files.
	Bright opened it and took out a few pictures from it.
	"This is the information and pictures about the teachers who Mr. Marley once talked to before he fainted." Bill explained, "But most of it didn't even fit the information provided by Ms. Lina. Besides, according to the information of those teachers, they should be excluded from suspicion. As for his lover, I have done a lot of research about the interpersonal relationship of Mr. Marley when he was on campus. Besides, he had so many admirers in campus. However, he had never even talked to anyone of them. So perhaps only Lina and her sister maintained a friendly relationship with him. After all, both the Lee Family and the Kim Family have been friendly to each other for generations. So they might have quite a lot of chances to meet each other. Therefore, it made it more difficult to find out the one who Mr. Marley once had a crush on."
	After browsing the files, Bright frowned, "Serena shouldn't be lying, right?"
	"Perhaps we missed something important or just got the wrong one." Rose reminded, "Actually, we shouldn't just limit those whom we should investigate to the teachers on campus only. What about those teachers in other colleges? Or perhaps we shouldn't only investigate the teachers working in university only. Even the teachers in middle school or primary school or even kindergarten might be the suspect."
	Bright put the files into the bag again and threw it to Bill, "Are you clear with that?"
	"Yes, I got it!" Bill kept nodding.
	"Don't be so harsh! You will scare the kid!" Rose huffed to blame Bright for being too harsh.
	Bright finally eased his cold face, "Even my wife could come up with some ideas, huh?"
	Bill could only stand still and wait for being scolded.
	"Babe, have you finished? If so, it's time to make daddy send us to school!" Rose picked up a tissue to clean Doris lips.
	Doris jumped off the chair and threw herself in Bright's arms, "Dad, don't be mad."
	"I am not mad!" Bright smiled kindly while facing her.
	"Don't blame Uncle Bill for that!" Doris looked at Bill who stood there silently. Then she continued, "Uncle Bill would be quite sad after being blamed. He even doesn't have a girlfriend who could comfort him. He is so pitiful!"
	Hearing that, everyone present was amused by her innocent words.
	"Well, Bright, you promised you would get him a girlfriend, didn't you?" Rose raised her brows while looking at Bright.
	Of course, Bill deserved such an award for what he had done during their wedding ceremony and the funeral of Rose's grandfather.
	Rose was also grateful to Bill for everything he had done. He always turned to be the one who did everything well.
	"Yead, find Uncle Bill a girlfriend! If so, he could get comfort from his girlfriend even if he was rendered sad because of your blame!" Doris deemed her idea a good one.
	Bright pinched her little cute nose gently and said, "Okay, when his work is done, I will make him enjoy a leave and then he can go to find himself a girlfriend, okay?"
	"Daddy, you are so nice!" Doris wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him.
	"Bill, do remember to say thanks to Bright." Rose reminded him.
	Bill hurried to say, "Thank you, Mr. Lee! I will definitely do my best to finish it!"
	"What I want is the result only. So don't get yourself thrilled so soon. And a girlfriend would also take you a lot of efforts. No pain, no gain!"
	Then Bright held Doris up and said, "Let's go. Time for school."
	Rose also stood up and patted on Bill's shoulder while passing by, "Come on, cheer up! I believe that you will soon have a girlfriend!"
	"Thank you, Mrs. Lee." Bill also left while following behind them.
	He really felt lucky for coming here this morning. Thanks to Mrs. Lee and Doris, he finally managed to bail himself out. However, he was also aware that he might be left no time to have a girlfriend.
	Of course, he also knew that though his boss was tough and harsh, he still treated him well.
	It had always been the greatest privilege for all to work for Bright. But it was also a hard-to-get one. So Bill had been proud of himself. He had never thought about giving up. He decided to move on and keep working hard on it!
Chapter 474 A Shocking News!
	Alan didn't get into his bedroom for the whole night. Instead, he slept on the couch in the parlor while covering himself with a thin blanket.
	When Freya got up to make breakfast in the morning, she saw the blanket even drop on the ground. She teetered over and picked it up and covered on Alan's body again.
	However, it happened to wake him up, who didn't sleep well last night.
	"Sir, it's getting colder now. It would be better if you get back to your bedroom to sleep. I will wake you up when the breakfast was ready." Of course, Freya could tell that it was just a mere argument between the couple. However, she didn't deem herself appropriate to intercede as a servant only.
	"It's okay. I am awake now." Alan lifted the blanket and got up from the couch.
	He casually rubbed against his own face with hands to sober up. Obviously, he still looked tired because of the bad sleep. His eyes were even a bit bloodshot.
	"Sir, I am going to cook now." Freya then went to the kitchen.
	Alan sat for a while to relax himself. He then managed to sober himself up and started to go upstairs.
	He took a shower and shaved his beard. After getting himself changed, he stopped while passing by the room of Nora.
	He hesitated and still knocked on the door. But no one responded.
	He thought that Nora might still be mad at him. So he stopped knocking and went downstairs.
	Soon, Freya finished cooking the breakfast and started to serve dishes on the table. Seeing that Alan was coming over, she said, "Sir, I will go to notice Mrs. Way for breakfast."
	Alan nodded and opened the door of Nora's bedroom. However, as she walked inside, she saw Nora faint on the carpet.
	Freya was stunned and hurried forward. She kneeled down beside her and exclaimed anxiously, "Mrs. Way, are you okay? Mrs. Way!"
	She nudged her a bit but Nora still remained unmoved. Freya was rendered so nervous. So she ran downstairs and shouted, "Sir, Mrs. Way fainted on the ground! Please come over to the room!"
	Hearing that, Alan dropped the sandwich immediately and hurried to run upstairs. He rushed into the room and saw her lying on the carpet.
	At the sight of that, his face turned pale.
	He hurried forward and reached out his finger to feel her breath. He didn't get relieved until he could feel her mere and soft breath.
	Then he held Nora up from the ground and said to Freya, "Let's go to the hospital!"
	"Okay!" Freya looked even more frightened than Alan. She had no idea how to explain to her lord.
	Alan put Nora on the back seat and Freya stayed beside to take care of her.
	He hopped onto the driver's seat and drove at full speed to the hospital.
	As the Way Family had been granted as the VIP of the hospital, soon, there was a doctor coming over to check Nora.
	"Mr. Way, are you preparing for something about preconception with your wife?" the doctor asked.
	Hearing that, Alan was a bit stunned. Seeing that he still kept silent, the doctor asked again to make it clear.
	"Yes, we want a baby." Alan answered honestly. Of course, it was also mentioned by Nora before.
	"Okay, we will be careful while checking." After hearing the answer, the doctor soon got into the emergency room.
	Both Alan and Freya were waiting outside. They felt like being through an era while spending every minute here.
	"Sir, is she alright?" Freya sat on the seat with her fingers crossed, looking anxious.
	"She should be fine. Perhaps she fainted because of anemia or hypoglycemia as she starved herself last night." Alan said to comfort Freya. Of course, he said so to comfort himself as well.
	He stood still and leaned against the smooth wall with his head raising up a bit. He kept his posture with both arms wrapped around the handrail behind. He looked worried and anxious as well.
	As time went by, doctors and nurses kept coming in and out of the emergency room.
	Then the doctor in charge came out. Alan walked over. The doctor took off his mask and said, "Mr. Way, your wife fainted just because of anemia. Don't worry about that. Besides, there is good news for you. Mr. Way, your wife gets pregnant. Congratulation, you are going to be a father."
	Hearing that, Alan was stunned. He stood still as if he were turned into a statue.
	He felt like being rendered deaf all of a sudden. Only the word ‘pregnant' kept echoing in his mind.
	"Mr. Way, are you okay?" the doctor seemed to notice something wrong.
	Alan collected himself and forced out a smile, "Okay, I got it."
	"Take good care of her." After telling him something he needed to pay attention to, the doctor then left.
	Freya then came over and seemed to be thrilled, "Sir, congratulations!"
	Alan didn't seem to hear what she was saying. He turned around to leave, looking cold with both arms hanging loosely beside his body. He couldn't help clenching his fists.
	He clenched so hard that his nails were even about to pierce his soft palms. However, the mere pain could never overtake the great agony in his heart. He felt like being stabbed into the chest by thousands of knifes. Every step he took forward would render him feeling pain all over.
	He walked slowly forward while supporting himself by the wall. He felt so exhausted all over and his knees turned to be feeble. As soon as he walked out of the corridor, he suddenly kneeled down beside the parterre.
	He bit his lips hard and his wide shoulders even started to shiver. He tried hard to hold back his tears. However, tears still kept streaming down his face like waterfall.
	Alan wiped off the tears on his face. He sat still and looked at the overcast sky. His heart felt freezing cold.
	Even he himself had no idea how long he had been sitting there. Then he went to the supermarket nearby to buy some apples and bananas and also some pork and mushroom. He got some snack and then went back to the hospital.
	As he entered, he saw Nora had woken up. He sat on the bed while leaning against the pillow.
	Seeing him coming over, she kept her head down to avoid looking at him.
	She saw Freya stay beside her as soon as she woke up. And Freya immediately told her that she was pregnant.
	However, for Nora, she felt like being shocked by a bolt from the blue when hearing that.
	It only sounded like a nightmare for her.
	She had been sitting still on the bed for hours and hours. She could never believe that she was actually pregnant.
	She rested her hand on her flat underbelly. She tried to feel that tiny little baby inside. However, sore feelings welled up in her nose and throat. Tears streamed down her face.
	Of course, she could tell that Alan must have known that earlier. But she had no idea how he felt.
	She was only sure that it must be a great and inevitable impact on Alan. She deemed that he must hold great hatred against her at this moment.
	No man in the world could accept the fact that his own wife actually cheated on him. What was worse, she actually got pregnant with the baby of another man.
	She felt so guilty for Alan. So she tried to avoid looking at him as she had no courage to see him face to face.
Chapter 475 Meet Him Again
	Alan walked over and put down the fruits. Then he said to Freya, "Freya, feed her some porridge. I have some work to do in the company. I am afraid I need to leave first. Please take care of her."
	"Okay, sir, don't worry. I will do my job well. Please rest assure." Freya, who knew nothing about the truth, was still feeling excited because of Nora's pregnancy.
	Alan didn't even dare to look at Nora. Then he turned around and was about to leave. But Nora stopped him, "Alan, we need to talk."
	"You need a rest first. Let's talk when I am free." Of course, it was hard for Alan to face her naturally, "I need some time alone."
	"Okay." Nora could feel like sobbing.
	Then Alan turned around and left immediately. Not until he was about to fade away from her sight did she dare to look at his back. She was still overwhelmed with guilt.
	Freya then took some porridge, "Mrs. Way, here is your favorite porridge. Mr. Way really cares a lot about you."
	"Freya, I have no appetite yet." Nora didn't want to eat anything.
	"You should take some before it cools down. It was Mr. Way who took it here in person. Even if you don't want it, you should take some for the sake of your baby." Freya kept speaking to Nora and then spooned some porridge in front of her.
	As sensitive as she was to smell, she could even easily sniff the scent of porridge. So as soon as she smelt it, she felt like retching as her stomach started to surge.
	Nora suddenly covered her mouth with hand and lifted the quilt in a hurry. She rushed to the bathroom and retched while leaning on the basin.
	She didn't take any food yesterday. Neither did she take any since she woke up again. So she had nothing to puke out but some gastric juice. Her stomach still ached seriously.
	Though she wasn't sick, she still felt worse than sick.
	"Mrs. Way, are you okay?" Freya stood behind her while looking at her pale face, "That's how every woman feels when she gets pregnant. The first baby would always be a tough one to go through. It's common to feel like retching, Don't worry. You won't feel that a few months later. Please hold on for the sake on your baby."
	Freya was aware that Nora hated to be annoyed. She was really afraid if Nora would have an abortion because of that.
	Nora had been married with Alan for five years and they even seldom lived together. Finally, Nora got pregnant. So Freya had been determined to do her job well to take care of her.
	After relaxing for a while, she retched out her hand to get some water from the tap to rinse her own mouth.
	As she felt a bit better, she then lay down on the bed to take a rest.
	Since Nora had no appetite, Freya got her a glass of water.
	"Mrs. Way, if you feel hungry, please tell me. I will get you some food." Freya tucked her in and sat down to stay beside her, "Mrs. Way, shall we tell your pregnancy to your parents. After all, they must be quite surprised to know that they are going to be grandparents! And this is their first grandchild!"
	"No." Nora shook her head and then continued, "Freya, please don't tell them so soon. Let me notice them in a perfect time."
	"Okay. Just let you and Mr. Way tell them the good news!" Freya said excitedly, "What about having a longer rest? I will stay here with you."
	"Okay." Nora then lay down and closed her eyes.
	Perhaps it was because of pregnancy, Nora soon fell into sound sleep. Though she was still bothered by something troublesome, she was still sleeping well.
	Nora had been kept in the hospital for a whole night. She then discharged the next day. But Alan didn't show up again since he left yesterday. But he still made his chauffeur to pick Nora up when she discharged.
	As Nora got back to the Springhill Villa, she washed herself up and then headed to the orphanage.
	When all kids saw her again, they gathered up and asked, "Ms. Cooper! You haven't been here for so long! We are all missing you!"
	"I miss all of you too! But I am too busy recently." Nora then stroked their little heads one by one.
	"Ms. Cooper, take care even if you are busy!"
	"Got it!"
	"Ms. Cooper, here is a gift for you!" a little boy handed her a rose made of paper.
	"Thank you." Nora took it over.
	"Ms. Cooper, we also have gifts for you!"
	All kids gave their handmade roses they created during the craftwork lesson. She was rendered so moved. Then she kissed those kids and tears welled up in her eyes.
	"Ms. Cooper, why are you crying? Did you get bullied by someone else?"
	"I will stay by your side to protect you when I grow up!"
	Nora answered with a smile, "No one bullied me."
	Then Nora stayed to have lunch together with them.
	She taught them to play the piano and sing songs. Her voice sounded wonderful and pure just like wind chime ringing as wind breezed.
	Actually, Nora was a good-looking lady with perfect body shape. Besides, she had mastered all kinds of instruments. Even if she engaged in entertainment industry, she would definitely be a superstar once she got enough financial backup.
	Afte spending a happy day with kids, she then left the orphanage.
	Nora went to the downtown area. She owed a restaurant here, which was quite popular among the white-collar because of its unique decoration style.
	She wandered along the street on the line of which planted ginkgo trees. The ground was covered with golden leaves. It looked amazingly eye-catching.
	She stepped on those leaves and enjoyed her peaceful life while staying in this city, her hometown.
	She could tell clearly that where she could find the best food and the funniest place in this city. If she was made get away from the city and live a new place, it would be hard for her to adapt to it.
	So she really appreciated the choice of Rose, who decided to get far away to reach City Y. And then she chose to marry Bright and lived with him in City J.
	Lost in thought of the past and the future, she happened to step on a piece of deadwood and sprained her ankle.
	But she was still fine. As she was a bit tired, she rested on a bench beside while looking at the overcast sky.
	A Benz passed by and then it went backward. The car stopped in front of Nora.
	But she didn't notice until the top-quality window was lowered down. Then she saw a delicate and impressive clear-cut looking profile of a man's face. She couldn't help clenching her fists in her pockets.
	She had never expected to see him here.
	He was the one whom she wanted to meet but she had no courage to face. What was worse, he always showed up in her nightmare.
	"What are you doing here alone?" Oca suddenly uttered coldly while turning his face to look at her peacefully.
	"Where do you want to go? Let me give you a ride."
	It was winter now. However, Nora only wore a plaid dress and an overcoat. Down her body she stepped on a pair of high heels while her legs were merely wrapped in silk stockings. Oca couldn't help wondering if she felt chilled.
	Oca frowned lightly as if he didn't.
Chapter 476 An Uneasy Dinner
	Nora had no courage to face his gaze directly as it felt so cold. Besides, even his aura rendered her chilled. He looked so repellent though he was charming-looking and rich.
	Oca looked so much alike Oscar, who was gentle and decent. However, Oca was actually a totally different type.
	She was aware that Oca could never be the one she had been missing for years. However, even she herself couldn't figure out why she would still be attracted by him for no reason. His cold and calm eyes would always get her trapped.
	"No, thanks. I just want to sit here for a while." Nora smiled to answer.
	Though she pretended to be calm, she was actually quite agitated.
	She was now pregnant with his baby. However, she could never let him know that. Nor could she keep the baby.
	She didn't want to betray Alan as she had just made such a big mistake.
	However, even she herself didn't expect that she got pregnant just after a one-night stand.
	"Get on the car. It's too cold outside. Let me drive you home." Oca said casually.
	"Mr. Moore, you haven't married Hazel yet. Since you are not my brother-in-law, you have no right to give me an order." Nora then continued jokingly, "Mr. Moore, if you could, please show your care to Hazel."
	Oca fixed his eyes on Nora's smiling face. He could tell that she was just faking her smile.
	"I will call Alan to pick you up here." Oca then took out his phone.
	"No!" when hearing that, she hurried to stop and her heart almost skipped a beat, "He is busy working right now. Don't disturb him. I can take care of myself."
	Oca then pointed at his phone and said, "Then get in the car."
	Nora gritted, feeling annoyed as she had no idea what he was doing, "Mr. Moore, can you just pass by as if you didn't notice me?"
	Of course, she was trying to accuse him of his officiousness.
	However, Oca didn't seem to care. He just got off the car and opened the door for her. He was wearing a nice suit today, looking decent and gentle. Undoubtedly, he must be the most appealing one in all ladies' eyes.
	He rested his arm on the window and then looked at Nora. Obviously, he beckoned her to get into the car.
	Nora took a deep breath as this sudden meet really went beyond her expectation.
	However, she had no courage to argue with him. So she stood up and got into his car.
	Only then did he close the door and then got into the car from another side.
	As the engine was activated, Oca threw a blanket on her legs, "Don't you feel cold?"
	The car was quite narrow. Besides, Oca was staying with her, which rendered her suffocated even more because of his strong aura. So Nora didn't want to talk to him.
	She was also worried if she would say something wrong. So she kept silent.
	Seeing that, Oca started to read a file with his head down.
	After a few minutes, he raised up his wrist and looked at the luxurious watch, the plate of which shone like the galaxy.
	"Let's go to the MM Restaurant." He left no room for her to discuss.
	Hearing that, Nora refuted, looking annoyed, "I need to go home! Mr. Moore, if you are busy, please let me get off at the corner ahead. I can walk myself home."
	"It's dinner time. Having dinner never contradicts going home." He still kept his eyes on the file and replied convincingly.
	"I don't want to have dinner." Nora refused directly.
	"You don't want to have dinner with me." Oca corrected.
	Nora didn't reply and remained silent still, uneasy. She just wanted to keep away from him.
	"You are afraid of me." Oca could tell from her eyes that she was afraid and panic.
	"Why should I be afraid of you? Don't get me wrong." Nora then lifted the blanket and put it between them.
	She then continued, "I am tired. I just want to go home for a rest."
	"If you mind having dinner with me, I can make both Alan and Hazel here." Then he suggested, "After dinner, you can make Alan drive you home."
	"No!" Nora spoke with trembling voice while hearing him mention Alan.
	Oca lifted the corner of his lips to let out a fake smile.
	They kept silent all the way to the restaurant. Then Nora followed him inside.
	Oca got into a private box. Though she deemed it a bit extravagant, it was actually a better choice for her as she wouldn't have chance to bump into someone whom she knew.
	Oca started to browse the menu elegantly and ordered something he wanted.
	However, Nora had no appetite still. She just ordered a dessert and a salad.
	Oca insisted that she should get more. So he ordered a steak and black truffle omelette for her.
	"I have no appetite for so much. You are wasting the food." Nora said.
	"Well, you may have appetite if you just imagine you are having dinner with him." Of course, he just referred to Oscar.
	Nora remained silent with her lips pressed.
	"What was his relationship with you?" Oca took a sip of the water and asked out of curiosity.
	"It's none of your business." She suddenly felt her eyes getting a bit darker. Tears welled up in her eyes. She looked hopeless and tender just like a powerless fawn, "You are not Oscar! You could never turn to be Oscar!"
	"Since you still love him, why do you marry Alan?" Oca seemed to be a bit talkative today.
	"I said it was none of your business!" Nora got mad and stood up to leave.
	When she passed by him, he suddenly grabbed her on her wrist. Then he said coldly, looking domineering, "Sit down!"
	"Mr. Moore, what do you want from me?" Nora glared at his face with her tearful eyes.
	"I just want to have a dinner." Though Oca was looking at her while raising his own head, he still looked proud and deterrent.
	Nora smiled, "You can make Hazel have dinner with you. Or you can make whoever beautiful lady you want to have dinner with you. But it would be quite indecent to have dinner with me alone, okay?"
	"Indecent? Why?" he asked deliberately.
	Nora then explained, "You are Hazel's boyfriend and I am Alan's wife. Hazel is the sister of Alan. So don't you think it damages your reputation if I have dinner with you alone?"
	"I have nothing to afraid since I do nothing wrong." Oca let go of her wrist and smiled, "So did you do something wrong?"
	Nora kept clenching her fists and she repeated to herself that she had to stay calm. Otherwise, she would have splashed the glass of water on his good-looking face.
	Oca held up the glass of water and took another sip casually. He looked appealing as his Adam's Apple moved up and down. Looking at his cold and sexy face, she couldn't help recalling that heated orgy night with him.
	Nora could feel that her chest seemed to be burning. All the past stories involved surged up in her mind.
Chapter 477 Make It a Farewell
	Nora was speechless.
	Her peaceful life was totally messed up because of Oca. She admitted that she could never completely forget about Oscar. What was worse, she even made Oca the substitute, who looked so much alike him.
	Though she knew she was wrong, she would still be willing to get herself into such a big mess.
	"Finish the dinner. No one will stop you if you want to leave after that." His voice sounded seemingly patient and kind. He kept tapping the table with his long fingers, "If you insisted, I would definitely make you regret."
	Nora just smiled mockingly. Undoubtedly, she got caught on her soft spot.
	Though she had been a willful one, Oca could still manage to control her.
	Nora turned around and smiled brightly with both hands pressing on the table. She then fixed her attractive eyes on him, looking mocking, "Mr. Moore, so are you going to show the naked photos of both of us in public? What a dirty trick?"
	Osca raised up his dark eyes and stressed out his words calmly, "The trick is not the point. Only the result matters. A trick always appears to be useful if the expected result was achieved."
	What a scheming guy!
	Nora was rendered totally speechless. Though she had been eloquent, she still failed to refute his words effectively.
	"Mr. Moore, if you do have the naked photos of both of us, why don't you send me one? I would like to enjoy it." Nora bent over a bit more. Her vague breath seemed to fall onto his body.
	Of course, Oca could smell her fragrant breath. It smelt the same as how he felt that night, which really intoxicated him though he still remained sober.
	His attractive Adam's apple went up and down again as he swallowed. They just looked into each other's eyes, silent. Nora smiled even brighter. And then she reached out her fingertip to touch his moving Adam's apple.
	Her fingertip felt a bit cool. However, he felt like burning with fire as soon as she touched him.
	His eyes suddenly changed abruptly and then he grabbed her hand to drag her down, "Photos could never overtake a true review of the experience that night!"
	Nora was rendered stunned with her eyes wide opened. She didn't expect that he would say such frivolous words. Her fair ears started to burn again.
	She tried to take back her finger. However, he grabbed her hard.
	He stood up and wrapped around her soft waist with big hand. He gently stroked her waist and then grabbed the back of her head with another hand. Suddenly, he kissed on her rosy lips hard.
	Though Oca appeared to be cold and aloof, he would also lose control when kissing her. He kissed so hard that she was almost rendered suffocated. He didn't stop until she almost lost her breath.
	After the tough kiss, Nora could only lean against his strong body, gasping. But her tongue still ached.
	As she recovered a bit, she hurried to push him away and looked at him coldly, "Mr. Moore, please keep in mind that I am the wife of your girlfriend's brother!"
	"Come on, it's just a kiss. We even slept together before." Oca smiled sexily again.
	"Don't ever mention it!" Nora's heart kept beating fast.
	"it's you who have been reminding me of it!" Oca grabbed her wrist hard and pinched her tiny jaw, "Actually, you miss that feeling, right?"
	"Enough!" Nora interrupted. However, she felt quite embarrassed as he indeed hit the point.
	"Nora, you still couldn't forget about what happened that night. Nor could you forget about me." Oca still tried to dig out her hidden secrets. He wanted to make her face them directly.
	"No!" Nora tried to refute. Her eyes turned to be bloodshot, "Even if I couldn't, you are still Oca only, not Oscar! Don't overestimate yourself even if you look much alike him. You can never take his place in my heart! You could never and you never deserve it!"
	"Okay, what about making a bet? Let's see if I could or if I deserve it." Oca lifted a strand of her curly hairs and looked cold and horrible. He seemed to be quite confident in himself.
	Nora swallowed, "No!"
	"Are you afraid?" Oca questioned, "Are you afraid I will take his place? And are you afraid of being out of control and falling in love with me?"
	"Enough! Stop! I don't want to hear it!" Nora covered her ears and kept shaking her head.
	Oca held her in arms and stroked her back gently. He approached with his thin lips beside her ears, "You do nothing wrong to face your true feeling. Since you don't love Alan at all, don't get yourself trapped into the marriage. Just be yourself, Nora Cooper."
	Tears streamed down her face. She bit her lips hard while gasping.
	"If you loved Alan, you would never keep Oscar in mind till I showed up in your life." Oca kissed her soft hairs and said in a more tender voice, "If you want, I am willing to shoulder my responsibility. Nora, I can be responsible to you."
	Nora leaned into his arms, tender just like a little kitty.
	Every single word of his struck her heart. It rendered her both sad and sweet. Mixed feelings surged up in her heart.
	She rested her jaw on his shoulder and closed her eyes gradually. Tears shed down her face.
	Though she had no idea if that was the true feeling of Oca, she was still deeply moved by his words. She wanted to trust his sweet words, but she was aware that she couldn't.
	"I don't need your responsibility." Nora said with hoarse but firm voice, "It will be better for both of us to forget about each other."
	She knew that if she agreed, her decision would impact on both their families.
	As the only daughter of the Cooper Family, she could never dishonor her family. Nor could she hurt both Alan and Hazel, who did nothing wrong.
	She tried to follow her true feelings before regardless of all cost. However, her love almost destroyed her.
	Even though it was different about Oca this time, and he was prestigious and rich, nothing changed.
	Now she was no longer a teenage girl. She had so much to consider.
	"Nora, I thought that I would have let it go. However, it didn't work as I could tell from my feelings recently. And it bounced back so hard that it hurt me." Oca smiled bitterly and held her delicate face. Her eyelashes were all wet by tears, which glittered under the light. She looked pitiful and lovingly pathetic.
	"I have never expected that when I met you today. The more I try to hold it back, the easier I would lose control. But you don't need to refuse so soon. You can think it over for a period of time. If you still insisted, I would still respect your final choice."
	"Okay." Nora managed to utter as her throat felt like being choked.
	Then Oca took a piece of tissue to wipe off her tears, "Let's have dinner first."
	The servant, who had been waiting outside the box, entered to served dishes after getting the permission from Oca.
	Nora only deemed that it would be the last time for both of them to have meal together alone. So she made it a farewell for each other.
Chapter 478 A Hard Decision
	Oca sliced the steak into pieces and put them on her plate.
	The steak was perfectly medium well and it smelt good. However, Nora could feel that her stomach started to writhe again.
	She tried hard to suppress her feelings of retch in front of Oca. However, just like what he had said just now, the more she tried to hold it back, the easier she would lose control.
	Her face went pale all of a sudden. She pushed the chair away and covered her own mouth with fair hand. Then she rushed to the bathroom in the box.
	She bent over and puked into the toilet while lifting her own hairs. She threw out the mere food she had at noon.
	But she still felt great pain as her stomach kept writhing.
	Oca followed behind and patted on her back gently to ease her bad feelings.
	Nora beckoned him to stop by waving her hand. Then she turned around to reach the basin and rinsed her mouth. After splashing some cold water on her fair delicate face, she looked even paler.
	Her heart kept beating fiercely and she didn't dare to look at Oca.
	She was worried if Oca could tell that she was pregnant. She didn't even dare to assume the consequence if he knew that.
	"You got sick?" Oca looked at her awful-looking face.
	"Yes. I feel sick because of some cold food." Nora picked up a piece of tissue to clean her hands. Her watery long curly dark eyelashes shed shadow on her fair skin while she kept her head down, making her even more gorgeous.
	"Let's go to the hospital." Oca grabbed her wrist and took her out of the bathroom.
	Nora tried hard to stop and reached out her hand to break free from his grip, "No, thanks. I have had a check in the hospital before. I will be fine if I take the medicine on time."
	"You are no more a girl. You should take care of yourself." Oca said straightforwardly.
	"I can't get sick even if I am not a girl?" Nora finally got her hand off from his grip, "Mr. Moore, you have never got sick since you were born?"
	Oca remained cold-looking, "It's inevitable to suffer indisposition. But I won't get myself into such a great pain because of sick just like you."
	"Mr. Moore, you still love to lecture others even when you are having meal, huh?" Nora got back to her seat, "The cool-down food will do harm to stomach."
	Oca also sat down and fixed his deep eyes on her pale face. Though she looked a bit sick, she was still attractive.
	"I am glad you know that."
	Nora held up the glass but Oca stopped her. Then he took up the kettle beside to pour her some tepid water.
	Nora felt warm in her heart when seeing his move. She fixed her eyes on his handsome face. He looked kind and tender under the bright light. His face seemed to overlap Oscar's. She felt like getting back to the old days when Oscar was taking care of her wholeheartedly.
	Her heart kept beating as she started to drown herself in his warmth.
	"What are you looking at? Do I look so attractive?" Oca said jokingly.
	Nora seemed to get thrilled suddenly. She clearly remembered that Oscar had ever said the same to her before.
	He once sat beside a white piano while playing it. She stood afar to look at him, who was wearing a white shirt and a pair of light-color pants.
	He seemed to roll into one with the piano. He was exactly an ethereal prince charming of all girls, who rendered her intoxicated.
	He then noticed that Nora was watching him. He asked gently, "What are you looking at? Do I look so attractive?"
	She replied with a bright smile, "Of course, you look so good that I never deem it enough no matter how long I fix my eyes on you."
	"Talkative girl." He then touched her fair nose with finger.
	Nora wrapped around his waist and buried her own head into his arms. The smell of his body made her eased, "Stay with me for a lifetime, okay?"
	"Okay, for a lifetime." He answered.
	For a lifetime…
	At the thought of that, Nora felt pain and bitter. A lifetime? But he had passed away much earlier. The promise was nothing but a cheating one, which made her miss him every single day and night.
	"Drink some water." Oca reminded and then started to enjoy the steak.
	Every move of his looked so decent and elegant even if he was just chewing.
	Nora took some tepid water and started with the salad. Only the plain food could ease her stomach.
	When the quiet dinner was finished, the sky went dark as they went out of the restaurant. Oca didn't let her leave alone. He drove her back to the Spring Hill villa.
	Nora sad thanks and was about to get off the car. However, Oca grabbed her hand again.
	Nora turned around and looked into his dark eyes.
	Oca dragged her forward and hugged her in his arms. Then he kissed on her forehead.
	Not until she was covered with his smell did he let go of her.
	Nora kept silent and got off the car. She went into the villa without looking back. However, her heart was even overwhelmed with his smell.
	As soon as she entered, Freya walked over, "Mrs. Way, welcome back. Have you had dinner? What do you want for food?"
	"No, thanks. I have just had dinner." Nora entered the parlor after getting her shoes changed. She looked around and asked, "Alan hasn't been back yet?"
	"No." Freya shook her head, "Perhaps he is too busy working."
	Nora nodded and went upstairs without asking further.
	Looking at her back, Freya seemed to feel something wrong.
	Both Alan and Nora didn't even look happy just like those couples who were about to embrace their first baby. Instead, both of them looked even colder while facing each other.
	What was happening?
	They didn't like kid?
	Nora entered her own room and took a shower. She lay on her bed while staring at the ceiling, distracted.
	Then she took out her phone to dial her private lawyer, "Mr. Albert, please draft out a divorce agreement for me."
	"Okay, but Mrs. Way, do you have anything else to pay special attention to about the content such as matrimonial property and debt?" Mr. Albert reminded.
	"Just make them accord with the premarital ownership. Besides, I will offer him fifty million." Nora wanted to make it a compensation for Alan as she still felt badly guilty of it.
	"Okay."
	"Just finish it as soon as possible. And send me when you finish." Nora said.
	Though she still chose to stay with Alan before she got pregnant, now she had to make a sharp decision as Alan knew everything about the baby.
	The quicker she dealt with it, the less pain Alan would suffer.
	Though she also wanted to give birth to a baby for Alan, the reality always turned to be unfair.
	Of course, she divorced not because she wanted to stay with Oca. She would never tell him that she was pregnant with his baby as she still hesitated if she should keep the baby.
	Alan didn't go back home for the whole night. But he sent her a message that he was busy working so he lived in a hotel near the company.
	It was a good chance for both of them to take time to calm down.
	Soon, it was weekend. Rose took a flight to arrive in City H. As soon as she landed, she called Nora and headed to the Springhill villa.
	Nora finally had someone to pour out her heart to.
	She hurried to hugged Rose, "Rose, I miss you so much!"
	"Come on, why do you act like a spoiled kid?" Rose comforted her to sit down. But she noticed that her eyes were filled with tears, "What happened? Alan did something bad to you?"
Chapter 479 This Is My Own Business
	Nora shook her head, trying desperately to hold back the tears which almost wetted her eyes.
	"If he did not bully you, then what happened?" Rose was worried while seeing Nora like this.
	She had been away from City J for almost a month. Why did Nora change so much?
	"I just miss you and am excited to see you." Nora wiped away the tears and smiled.
	"I know you miss me. But that's not the look when you are excited to see me." Rose stared at Nora seriously, "You have to be honest with me, or I'll never talk to you again."
	Nora pursed her red lips and took a deep breath. She wasn't ready to tell the whole truth about everything.
	Nora felt tortured, clasped her fingers, and was hesitating.
	Seeing her frown and hesitant look, Rose knew Nora was still hesitating.
	"I know you have your own thoughts. But I'm worried about you." Rose took her cool hands.
	Nora pulled Rose up, "Let's go upstairs and talk."
	After all, there were some things she did not want Freya to hear. Although Freya had watched her grow up and treated her well, Freya did not dare to hide such a big thing from her parents if she heard it.
	After going upstairs, entering the bedroom and closing the door, Nora spoke, "I'm divorcing him."
	"Alan?" Rose was shocked for a few seconds, digesting the information Nora said before asking her, "Don't you get along well? Why do you suddenly want a divorce? Did he wrong you? He has another woman outside? If he dares to bully you, I won't let him off."
	"No." Nora soothed Rose who was a bit agitated. Only the matter of her best friend could make Rose lose her gentleness, "I'm the one who wanted a divorce."
	"Since he didn't bully you, why do you want a divorce?" Rose was very confused, "Is it because you still can't forget Mr. Oscar and can't live with Alan?"
	Nora looked down and her eyes were full of sorrow.
	"I also want to live well with Alan. But..." she choked, "do you remember what I told you about Nathan last time?"
	"Yes." Rose nodded.
	"I didn't tell you the whole truth." Nora looked up at her, "Even though I wasn't defiled by Nathan and was saved by Oca, I had sex with Oca...."
	Rose's eyes were widened in shock as she stared at Nora's charming face for three minutes. The air froze until she could say something to break the silence.
	"You had sex with Oca...." What a prank of fate!
	"I didn't want to. But because of the drug and because his face is exactly the same as Oscar's, I couldn't tell who he was and control myself. Oca and Hazel are dating..."
	"Alan knew about it. So, you brought up divorce after your fight?" Rose guessed.
	"No, he doesn't know about it yet. But he knows about something worse." Nora's forehead was aching as she spoke.
	"What is it?" Rose kept her composure.
	Nora was about to say more when she had an upset stomach again. Every morning, she had morning sickness and felt worse by the day.
	She rushed to the bathroom, started vomiting on the toilet furiously, until her face was as white as a sheet of white paper.
	Rose followed her in. When she saw Nora's appearance, she knew everything without asking her. She was shocked. Her limbs were cold and her face was pale. She did not look better than Nora.
	Rose went up and patted her back, and brought Nora water to rinse her mouth.
	It took a while for Nora to recover. The corners of her mouth were still stained with water.
	Nora put the glass of water on the sink, raised her hand to wipe the water, and then smiled bitterly, "I'm pregnant."
	Rose didn't say anything, but looked at Nora sadly. She could see that Nora disguised her sorrow beneath a smiling appearance.
	It was really hard for Nora to make a choice.
	"He did not know anything at first. But I did not want to cheat him. So, I told him I wanted a divorce. He did not agree. Unexpectedly, I fainted a few days ago and he took me to the hospital. Then, I was tested and found to be pregnant." Nora said calmly. But there was an indescribable sorrow.
	"I think he was shocked and hurt a lot. But I could not comfort him. Now that he knows, I can only continue to rub salt in his wounds to let him give up and agree to a divorce. It was wrong for me to cheat on him about having lost my virginity. I can't make him the father of other people's child.
	Who can stand this? I don't want to humiliate Alan. He is a good man, but I don't deserve him. Sometimes, I really want to slap myself a few times. I have hurt him completely. But he didn't scold me at all, which only made me feel worse.
	I really want him to lose his temper with me. Even if he beats me and scolds me, I think I will feel better than I do now. He hasn't been home for a few days since he found out about my pregnancy. I certainly don't blame him. After all, I was the one who wronged him in the first place. I have no complaints about how he treats me."
	"I think a divorce and letting him leave me is the best thing for us right now. Rose, would you think I'm being too selfish?" Nora felt so sorry and did not know what to do.
	Rose was calm and helped Nora first, "Let's talk outside."
	She helped Nora to sit in the sofa, holding her hand, and said seriously, "Have you really thought about divorcing Alan?"
	"This child is not his. He does not have to raise it with me." Nora nodded heavily and had made up her mind, "I've asked my lawyer to draft the divorce papers."
	"And what will you do after you divorce him?" Rose pressed her, "Does Mr. Oca know about this? Do you want the baby to recognize him?"
	"There's no way I'm going to tell him about this!" Nora gritted her teeth and frowned, "This is my own business, not theirs. Oca and Hazel are dating. I'll never use this child to tie him and ruin their relationship. I am not such a woman!"
	"Nora..." Rose felt sad and bitter, "What's the difference between you and me back then? You are recommitting the same error I have done."
Chapter 480 Caught in a Dilemma
	Nora's eyelashes gently trembled and she was hopeless, "But I really don't know what to do to minimize the damage."
	"You have to know that it is really hard to raise a child alone. It is not as easy as you think. Since the child is born without a father, others will scold him..." Rose felt distressed when she remembered that Doris had been bullied in this way, "There is nothing like father's love."
	"So what am I going to do? Go to Oca, let him recognize the child and break up with Hazel, and be responsible for me and the child?" Nora thought that was too cruel, "I can't do that!"
	"I respect any choice you make. I'm not asking you to do that. I'm just trying to want you to be prepared to be a single mother. It's definitely not that simple and easy." Rose held her shoulders, trying to get her to recognize reality, "The reality is cruel, especially for a woman, or an unwed mother."
	Nora reached out to her flat belly and could naturally imagine the hardships.
	Although society has been progressing, the deep-rooted bad habits of human always exist. Society is still less tolerant of women than men.
	If a man cheats, people would only say that as long as he changes his mind and goes back home, it will be fine. As the saying goes, a prodigal who returns is more precious than gold.
	But if it is a woman cheating, the public would scold her hard. It is almost impossible for a woman to change her life and return to her family.
	A man does not accept a woman who cuckolds him, but persuades her to accept a man who hurt her.
	Well, this is the difference between men and women.
	"After you and Alan divorce and give birth to the child, the Way family will think that the child is Alan's. But you and Alan know very well that the child is not his. When the two families argue and fight, they will inevitably say something wrong. At that time, fire could not be wrapped up in paper and it would even burn heavily.
	At this time, it is also impossible for you to conceal it. Mr. Oca is so smart that he will find out that the child is his. And then what should you do? If Mr. Oca and Hazel get married then, it will still hurt them, or worse, they will divorce because of this.
	What will you and the child do when things turn out to be completely different from what you have thought they would be? I want you to think it over. Nora, if you decide to keep the baby, you need to be prepared for anything. Of course, I'll do everything I can to help you."
	Rose analyzed all the dilemmas Nora could face, "I definitely don't want you to become a single mother. But the child is innocent, and so are you."
	Nora bit her lip and her eyes were still red. She had a headache.
	"If you feel bad, then forget everything. Put this matter aside, relax, and then make a wise decision." Rose took Nora into her arm and let her lean on her shoulder.
	Nora was extremely weak at the moment. If Rose hadn't been there, she thought she would have collapsed.
	Nora leaned on Rose's shoulder and closed her eyes, leaving the annoyances behind and calming herself down.
	Half an hour later, Nora opened her eyes again. Her eyes were clear and she suppressed the sadness that was bothering her.
	"Wait for a minute." Nora got up and headed for the bathroom.
	Rose was also distressed. She did not expect Nora to face the most difficult and significant choice in life this time.
	If Nora kept the child, the child would be a time bomb, which would cause too many changes in the future and detonate the Way family, the Moore family, and the Cooper family. It would be powerful. But in the end, the most injured must be Nora and the child.
	If she aborted this child, then things would be much simpler and all of them would be easy.
	As Nora's best friend, for this, Rose was certainly to advise her not to keep this child.
	But as a mother, Rose could not stand by and watch a little baby die.
	Rose was at sixes and sevens.
	She raised her hand and bit her nails. She had been caught in a dilemma, let alone Nora.
	It was too hard to make a decision….
	When Nora came out again, she had dressed up exquisitely and restored the bright and beautiful look. Her face with light makeup was not so pale.
	"Rose, stay with me for two days, okay?" Nora pleaded, "I need you."
	Rose stood up, walked towards her, and said clearly, "Yes."
	Nora was now in such a situation. Whatever, Rose had to be with her. After all, they were best friends.
	That was friend.
	"Then let's go for a walk." Nora took Rose's arm, "Let's go to school, to the street we always go to. I'm hungry...."
	"Okay, we can go wherever you want." Rose said jocularly. She looked like she would be with Nora all the time.
	Nora took the car keys to Rose and they drove out in a flashy red Ferrari.
	They went to their high school. The school hadn't changed much. But they couldn't tell what was different.
	Maybe the trees were lusher, or maybe a new building had been built, or the library had more books....
	Nora and Rose went around the school. They seemed to go back to when they were young.
	They went to school and left school together. Nora was bright and Rose was pure. The boys who chased them would come to their class to look at them. They had received many love letters and gifts.
	Rose and Sky had been attracted and attached to each other. They just did not get it straight.
	But Nora was heartless at that time. She was proud. When she met Oscar, she pounced like a moth on the fire and finally burned herself.
	"Rose, let's have lunch at the school cafeteria today." Nora changed her mind again.
	"It's Saturday. The cafeteria doesn't open." Rose reminded.
	Nora was a little disappointed, "I forgot it."
	"That's okay. We can come on Monday. Our teacher will be there too. So, we can ask for a meal card." Rose planned, "Let's go to the street today."
	So, they went to the street. There were too many snacks, including hot-and-dry noodles, jellied beancurd, and mutton kebab... They had been eating on the street.
	Nora was really hungry. She had vomited many times and felt that the food was tasteless.
	However, once she ate meat, she would still feel sick. But it would not be as worse as it was in the morning.
	After walking around, they were all full and still carried a lot of unfinished snacks.
Chapter 481 The Sooner the Surgery Is Scheduled, the Better
	Nora looked at the bags of all shapes and sizes and waved her hand, "I can't eat anymore."
	"Me too. It's been a long time since I've eaten so happily." Rose and Nora sat down at a coffee shop, "I'm going to get two cups of yogurt."
	Nora waited for Rose to buy yogurt. Nora took a sip, "If Mr. Bright knows that I bring you here to eat junk food, will he kill me?"
	"It's not the first time I eat here. Why will he mind?" Rose did not take it seriously.
	Nora bit the straw and looked at her, "Think about it. If Mrs. Lee makes headlines for hanging out at a roadside stand, it will be different."
	"I'm not a star. The reporters won't get me." Rose looked around for a while. People were hurrying to and fro.
	"What if Mrs. Lee, who is not a star, but is more beautiful than a star, is photographed?" Nora raised her eyebrows, as if she was deliberately finding some excuse to start a quarrel.
	"Whatever." Rose smiled and said these two words.
	Nora put her hand on the table and supported her chin in her palm, "Well, even if there is such a trending topic, Mr. Bright is powerful enough to handle it. Rose, I envy you all of a sudden."
	Rose took two more sips of yogurt and stared at her, thinking she must have something to say.
	"With a husband like Mr. Bright, and a daughter as cute as Doris, you have a warm and happy family." Nora's eyes were full of envy, "But look at me, my beloved died. My child should not have come to this world. I have no real home and always feel lonely... How can I be so pathetic?"
	"Honey." Rose put Nora's yogurt into her mouth, "I'm here. You're not alone. Although I have a home, I will not leave you behind."
	"I'm so moved." Nora pursed her lips and put on a bitter face, "Rose, why don't you leave Mr. Bright and we can be together?"
	The corners of Rose's mouth twitched twice, "I'm afraid that even if I say yes, Bright won't let you go. You're so blatantly poaching his wife. He'll really..."
	Rose raised her hand to her neck twice and made a few gestures to vividly interpret the word "kill you", which also calmed Nora down.
	"I knew you before he did. He's a cheater." Nora found a reason for herself, and distorted the right and talked speciously, "He stole you. I have given him a face not to take any action to him."
	"Well, I think you can communicate with Mr. Bright." Rose smiled brightly, "If he let me go, I have no objections and am willing to be with you for the rest of my life."
	"Mr. Bright has been single for thirty years. He took so much effort to find someone to marry him. It is against my conscience... Just forget it." Nora was very good at finding an excuse for herself.
	Rose seconded, "That's right."
	Nora looked to Rose and the two smiled at each other brilliantly.
	Rose and Nora then left the area and went to Mount Eshan see the night view.
	The air on the mountain was good, fresh and pleasant. When they looked up, they could see many stars which were blinking and charming.
	Standing at the top of the mountain and looking up at the starry sky, they only felt how small people were in front of nature.
	They stayed at the top of the mountain for one night. The next day, they saw the sunrise.
	Amidst the layers of clouds, the sun emerged little by little, clear and magnified, until the golden light dyed the surrounding clouds. The clouds were gilded and beautiful.
	Nora shouted to vent her frustration, "Ah--"
	Nora and Rose took a picture of the sunrise and posted it on their social media accounts.
	Bright was the first to like it and called Rose.
	"Where is it?" the familiar voice came and warmed Rose.
	"We are watching the sunrise from the top of the mountain. It's so beautiful." The scenery in front of Rose turned into gold.
	"With Nora?" Bright was a bit discontented, "You haven't seen the sunrise or the stars with me."
	Rose got up the latest each time and missed the sunrise.
	"I'll make it up to you later." It seemed that Bright was jealous.
	Rose didn't know why Bright minded Nora so much and was always jealous of her.
	He also knew they were just best friends, not lesbians.
	"Honey, I miss you." Rose suddenly expressed her missing, which not only diverted Bright's attention, but also satisfied him.
	"Come back early if you miss me." Bright was taking Doris to the Lee family's villa for dinner this weekend, "Doris misses you too."
	"Honey, I'm going to stay at City H for two more days." Rose knew she would disappoint and even anger Bright by saying this, "Don't be angry. I'll explain to you when I come back. Honey, you are so nice and won't be angry with me, right?"
	Bright listened to her soft words and could not be angry at all.
	"Take care of yourself. I'll wait for you." Bright was actually not jealous of Nora, but just did not want others to share Rose with him or dominate Rose. Because she was his and only he could dominate her.
	"OK." Rose smiled happily and ended the call with a kiss.
	Nora saw it and felt speechless.
	"I'm doing this for you." Rose saw her look and glared at her, "I'm ostracized inside and out."
	"Thank you, Rose," Nora hugged her, "We have seen the stars and sunrise. Let's go back."
	On the way back, Nora did not say a word and was particularly calm.
	When they almost arrived home, she received a call from Mr. Albert, "Ms. Nora, the divorce agreement has been prepared. I sent it to your email. Please take a look at it, and let me know if you need to amend it."
	"Okay."
	When she arrived home, Nora went upstairs and turned on the phone to read the divorce agreement. She felt it was good. But she just felt that she owed Alan.
	She replied to Mr. Albert's email, asked him to print it and send it to the Way Group to give it to Alan.
	After finishing the matter, she went downstairs and saw Rose having breakfast. She walked over and drank the light porridge, "Go to the hospital with me later."
	Rose's hand holding the small spoon paused and looked at Nora, who was calm. She completely could not see that Nora was sad after making such an important decision.
	On the contrary, Rose had mixed feelings and was sad. But in the end, she only answered yes.
	After breakfast, Nora and Rose went straight to the hospital.
	Nora's status was special. So, she naturally went through the VIP channel for the examination.
	"Ms. Nora, the fetus is well developed. Pay attention to rest and diet..." the doctor looked at the ultrasound photos and admonished Nora, but was interrupted by her cold voice, "Doctor, I do not want this baby."
	The doctor paused, and then smiled, "Good. I'll see when the surgery is scheduled."
	"The sooner the surgery, the better." Nora was afraid that if the baby stayed in her belly for one more day, she would be more attached to it. But she couldn't keep it in order to stop any problems.
	"Let's do it tomorrow afternoon. Get some rest today." The doctor took a manual to her, "This is the pre-operative preparation. Go home and look at it."
	Because Nora was a VIP member, her surgery could be prioritized.
	"OK." Nora took the booklet, "Thank you, doctor."
Chapter 482 Then We Can Only See You in Court
	Rose walked out of the hospital with Nora. They got into the car. Rose didn't start the car to leave immediately, but sat for a while before slowly speaking.
	"Have you thought it through?" Rose knew it was very hard for Nora to make such a decision.
	"Well, I've thought it over." Nora looked down at the booklet in her hand, rubbing over the smooth cover, "It is better sooner than later. I will feel painful now, but it is to avoid greater damage later."
	Rose was silent, just reaching out to hold Nora's hand. Nora's fingertips were cold. She must be self-condemned and desperate inside.
	Nora loved children. So, she had done charity about children. It was hard for her to have a child. But she could not keep this child now.
	She personally decided to abort the child, which was like a knife sticking in her heart. As a mother, Nora was the most painful.
	But Nora was sober. In any case, aborting the baby was the best choice.
	Nora used her other hand to stroke her flat belly and forced a smile, "Yesterday, I took him to walk around, eat so many delicious food, and see the stars and sunrise... He should not have any regrets. I am not a good mother. I hope he can be a child of an ordinary family in the next life and can have the right to survive."
	'Baby, Mommy is sorry. Please don't blame Mommy.'
	Nora added inside.
	"Nora, you are the best. The baby will understand and won't blame you." Rose tightened her hand, "Let's go back to rest and get ready."
	"OK." Nora did not show her sadness. There was no point of being sad when the decision had already been made.
	Rose drove Nora back to Springhill Villa.
	Last night, they were at the top of the mountain and did not sleep well in the car. They had been busy with examination more than two hours and was now very tired.
	Rose stayed with Nora until she fell asleep. Then, she went to the guest room to rest.
	Today, they needed a good sleep. There would be more difficult things tomorrow.
	The next day, Rose and Nora went to the hospital. On the way Nora made a phone call to Mr. Albert, "Mr. Albert, is there any response from Alan about the divorce?"
	"No." Mr. Albert didn't receive any response from Alan, "Mr. Alan must be too busy."
	"No matter what he thinks or what he wants to do, please go to the Way Group today and make sure he signs." Nora let Mr. Albert go to solve the problem. Otherwise, Alan would not appear voluntarily. After all, he has not returned to Springhill Villa for a long time. He must not want to see her.
	Yeah, no man would want to see a wife who was pregnant with someone else's child.
	"OK. Ms. Nora, don't worry. I will try my best to do it." Mr. Albert said.
	Then Mr. Albert went to the Way Group. He made an appointment with Alan in the name of Nora, and then went to the floor smoothly.
	At that moment, Alan was in a meeting. After the meeting, he came back to the office and saw Mr. Albert who had waited for him for a long time.
	When Mr. Albert saw Alan, he got up and followed him to his desk, "Mr. Alan, have you read the divorce papers I sent you in Ms. Nora's name?"
	"I am very busy." The implication was that he hadn't read it.
	In fact, after Alan received the document, he put it directly into the shredder and shredded it without reading it as soon as he opened it and saw that it was the divorce agreement.
	"Then I wonder if I can take Mr. Alan a few minutes. I will explain it to you." Mr. Albert sat down, and then took out the documents from the bag.
	"No need." Alan rejected her directly, "You tell her that I don't agree with the divorce. So, I won't sign it. Just let her give up."
	"..." Mr. Albert paused with the documents on his hand and put down the divorce agreement he had in his bag, saying, "Mr. Alan, peaceful settlement is the most appropriate way to do the least harm to each other. Ms. Nora was determined to get a divorce. She wants you to sign the divorce agreement today. Please don't put me in a difficult position to explain to Ms. Nora."
	"Mr. Albert, now you are the one who is embarrassing me." Alan leaned back in his chair.
	"I take Ms. Nora's money and work for her. Mr. Alan, excuse me." Mr. Albert suddenly felt that Alan was not as casual as rumored, but rather difficult to deal with.
	"So you want to force me to sign the divorce agreement?" Alan raised his eyebrows, his eyes clear.
	Mr. Albert was in a cold sweat. Facing the stubborn Alan, he could only speak harshly, "Mr. Alan, if you do not sign, Ms. Nora has other ways to solve the problem. As the saying goes, one night of love is worth a hundred of friendship. Ms. Nora does not want to make a big deal out of it. I think you also do not want too. It may even affect the good image of you and the Way Group. So, I think you should consider carefully and not be impulsive."
	Mr. Albert respectfully placed the divorce agreement he brought on the desk in front of Alan.
	Alan looked down at the divorce agreement on the top row of the document. It stung his eyes and hurt his heart.
	He secretly clenched his fists, "I don't mind. I'm not the only one affected anyway. I'd like to see how her parents will react when they find out she wants a divorce."
	From what he knew about the Coopers, they would not want Nora to divorce him. After all, the Way family was a special famous family in City H.
	The two families were connected by marriage. It was a win-win marriage. Over the years, the cooperation between the two families had been very nice. The growth of their benefit was obvious.
	For the sake of their benefits, they would not agree to Nora's divorce.
	He was very confident about this.
	"Mr. Alan, if you are not willing to compromise, we can only meet in court." Mr. Albert was unable to shake Alan with words. So, he could only use this last way.
	Celebrities were generally not willing to file a lawsuit, not to mention the divorce lawsuit, which would have an impact on the image their corporate. A listed company was more reluctant to have such a conflict. It was not good for them at all.
	"Alan, you can still change your decision." Mr. Albert took the opportunity to suggest again.
	"No need." Alan firmly refused, "I'll go along with whatever she wants to do. But I won't agree the divorce. She can never leave."
	Alan picked up the divorce agreement and put the document into the shredder in front of Mr. Albert. It was shredded into crumbs.
	Mr. Albert could see that Alan's determination to disagree with divorce was as firm as Nora's determination to get a divorce. So, there was nothing he could do for the time being.
	"Mr. Albert, good bye." Alan raised his hand in a gesture.
	When Mr. Albert saw that Alan had already showed her the door, there was no reason for him to stay here. So, he had to leave in frustration.
Chapter 483 He Doesn't Want to Be the Bad Guy
	Seeing Mr. Albert disappear behind the door, Alan could not suppress his anger. His eyes were red from anger. Blue veins stood out on his temples.
	The next moment, he got up and swept down the papers on the desk.
	"Mr. Alan..." The assistant saw this as soon as he came in and silently closed the door again.
	Alan fell back into the reclining chair, reaching out to rub his aching forehead.
	His phone rang. Alan waited for the phone to ring three times before picking it up.
	He answered the phone, "Freya, what is wrong?"
	He had instructed Freya to call him first if there was anything about Nora or the house.
	"Mr. Alan, Ms. Nora... Ms. Nora..." Freya was incoherent and very flustered.
	"Freya, calm down. Speak slowly. What happened to Nora?" Alan was serious after hearing about Nora.
	Freya took two deep breaths before saying, "Ms. Nora went to the hospital. She seems to be aborting the baby...."
	As soon as she finished speaking, Freya could no longer hold back her tears.
	"How do you know?" Alan suddenly stood up, his face grim, "Did she tell you?"
	"No, I found out myself." Freya told the story.
	After Nora and Rose left, Freya started cleaning the house. She went to Nora's bedroom to see if there were any clothes that needed be sent to the laundry.
	Freya found the abortion prep booklet that was pressed under the pillow with a corner exposed.
	She looked at the word "abortion" written on it, and froze.
	She thought Nora and Alan might have quarreled with each other. So, their relationship suddenly became very bad during this period of time. But she didn't expect that things had gotten so bad.
	Nora was ready to abort the baby!
	It was okay if she didn't know about it. But now that she knew, she must tell Alan. Otherwise, she couldn't afford to take the blame.
	It took Freya a long time to come to her senses. Then, she called Alan in a panic.
	"Mr. Alan, whatever happened between you and Ms. Nora, the child is innocent. You've been married for more than five years. It was hard for Ms. Nora to have this child. Please don't let her abort it. This is your first child. Won't you feel distressed for Ms. Nora and the child?
	Mr. Alan, I know that Ms. Nora is a bit spoiled. But she is very good. If she really did something to make you angry, I apologize to you on her behalf, okay? Don't let Ms. Nora abort the baby. It hurts her health. Some people will never conceive again after aborting the baby."
	Freya was chattering on the other end of the phone and crying all the time.
	"Mr. Alan, I know you love Ms. Nora and care about her. You have a good temper and are nice. I know all these things. Whenever Mr. and Mrs. Cooper ask me about you, I always tell them that you really spoil Ms. Nora.
	Mr. Alan, if you still love Ms. Nora, then please be nice to her. She is actually pitiful too. Now that she has a child and a home with you, please tolerate her more. I believe that one day, Ms. Nora will understand that you are the best person for her."
	Alan listened to those words of Freya and was touched.
	He did like Nora and was not willing to be given up by her. But Nora insisted on divorce. He did not know how to face her.
	The matter of the child did make him hesitate and suffer. He wanted to escape.
	He didn't go back during this time, because he wanted to give each other a space to calm down and think about the matter.
	He wanted to see if he could live without Nora. If not, then he would accept the child.
	He didn't expect Nora to decide not to have the child.
	The child was innocent. He didn't want to be the bad guy.
	The corners of Alan's eyes were red, "Freya, don't worry. I will let her keep the baby."
	"Mr. Alan, thank you. I know you're good." Freya smiled with tears and felt relieved.
	"Tell me where the hospital is." Alan said as he rushed outside.
	He pulled open the door without noticing that his assistant was standing at the door. When the assistant saw Alan leaving, he followed, "Mr. Alan, your father is looking for you."
	"Tell him I'm not available right now." Alan pressed the elevator button with annoyance.
	"I guess that's not a good idea." The corners of the assistant's mouth twitched.
	"I have more important things to do right now!" Alan saw the elevator coming and walked into it, "I'll come to see him when I get back. All the consequences are on me."
	The doors of the elevator closed. Alan looked at the constantly changing numbers, feeling that time was passing too slowly. He looked at his phone from time to time.
	When he got to the underground parking lot, he hurriedly got into the car. The car sped out like an arrow off the string.
	Along the way, Alan drove fast and ran a few red lights. Half an hour later, he arrived at the hospital Freya had mentioned.
	He parked the car and ran towards the operating room.
	On the way he was also on the phone asking about Nora's condition. Soon, he found the operating room.
	Rose looked at the man who came in stride and panted. He was already sweating profusely.
	"What are you... doing here?" Rose was surprised that Alan was here.
	"Where is Nora?" Alan breathed heavily, his eyes sharp.
	"She..." Rose pursed her lips for a moment, "she doesn't want to see you."
	"She's in there for the abortion, right?" Alan pointed to the door of the operating room and guessed.
	He immediately came forward. But Rose blocked the door of the operating room and stood in front of him, "Alan, calm down!"
	"Aren't you and her best friends? How can you stand to see her go through such a harmful operation? Rose, you're a mother too!" Alan scolded Rose anxiously.
	"Alan, you should know that the baby was an accident. So, it is the best choice for Nora to do this." Rose didn't feel aggrieved by Alan's scolding. She was more concerned about the overall situation, though she was also distressed.
	"Fuck the best choice!" Alan was furious. He reached out and pushed Rose away, then broke into the room.
	Nora lay on the surgical bed, seeing a blurred figures before she lost consciousness.
	The doctors changed their faces one by one, "This is an operating room. Why are you barging in here!"
	"I'm Nora's husband. She didn't ask for my permission to abort the baby." Alan glanced sharply at the people who were about to operate on Nora, "Whoever dares to touch this child, I will never let him go!"
	Alan strode towards the operating bed. The doctors were too scared to make a sound. As Alan approached, they were backing up.
	Alan took a look at the sleeping Nora. She was wearing a blue and white striped hospital uniform, her face as pale as paper.
	They had not seen each other these days. She seemed to have lost a lot of weight.
Chapter 484 Mr. Bright Deserves it
	He took off his blue blazer and covered Nora, and then bent down to pick her up from the operating bed.
	The weak Nora was light in his strong arms and was like a feather which would be blown away at any moment.
	Alan carried Nora out of the operating room expressionlessly. The director arrived outside.
	The director saw Alan holding Nora, "Mr. Alan, this is a misunderstanding."
	"You should be glad that the child is still alive. Otherwise, I will make your hospital bankrupt to pay for it!" Alan said fiercely and could not suppress his anger.
	He couldn't imagine that if he had been late, he would have seen a mass of blood taken out of Nora's body.
	Luckily, he was here in time, or he couldn't forgive himself.
	"What are you guys still standing there for? Hurry to take Mrs. Way to the ward and take good care of her." The director's face turned red in embarrassment.
	The nurse pushed the bed over and did not dare to look straight at Alan who was in the midst of his rage, "Mr. Alan, please put Mrs. Way on the bed."
	"No, I'll carry her over." Alan did not dare to let go of Nora at all, afraid that she would disappear.
	With her in his arms, he felt that he was full.
	"Then please come with me." The nurse led the way. Alan followed behind with Nora in his arms.
	Rose looked at Alan's tall figure. She had never seen such a furious Alan. He was so different from the casual one.
	His care for Nora, his love for her, his tolerance for her... all shocked Rose deeply.
	Alan was no longer the same man she saw before. He had grown up and knew what love was and how to love someone.
	Rose felt it was so good. But it was just a pity that this child was not his.
	Their fate was disrupted by this little life. They might face more difficulties in the future.
	Rose hoped that they could face and solve the problem together.
	But was it really possible to solve such a difficult problem properly?
	Rose walked behind and watched Alan carry Nora into the VIP room.
	She didn't go in, but sat down on the bench outside, not wanting to disturb them.
	This time should belong to Alan and Nora.
	Rose sat there, leaned back, and felt upset.
	She sat for a while, looking north.
	A backlit figure was approaching from a distance, and gradually became clear.
	A look of surprise flashed across her face. Rose thought she was hallucinating. She blinked, and the man did not disappear, but became clearer. Then, he stopped in front of her.
	She looked at Bright's distinctly outlined face, "Why are you... here?"
	Bright sat next to her. His voice was familiar and nice, "Do you think you're dreaming?"
	"Yes." Rose didn't expect Bright to be in the hospital. Shouldn't he be working at City J?
	"I miss you. So, I come to see you." Bright reached out and took Rose into his arms.
	But Rose frowned and let out a soft cry. Bright did not ignore her painful expression.
	"Are you hurt?" Bright straightened her up and reached out to stroke her aching right shoulder, "What's going on?"
	"I was struck accidentally. I'm okay." Rose pulled his hand down.
	She didn't dare to tell Bright that the injury on her shoulder was caused by hitting the wall when she was pushed away by Alan.
	Bright was protective of her and would not allow her to be bullied. So, he was sure to get back at Alan.
	But Rose could understand that Alan acted rashly in that situation. In fact, she was glad that Alan cared about Nora so much and really put her in his heart. So, it was worth it for her to suffer this injury.
	"Why are you so careless?" Bright was worried and reached to take off her jacket, "Let me check your shoulder."
	"Here?" Rose was surprised.
	Although there were few people going in and out of the VIP inpatient building and it was quiet, they were on the public corridor.
	"Yes." Bright nodded and continued.
	Rose was unable to resist him. Soon, Bright saw the skin of her shoulder.
	The skin of her round, fair shoulder was red and bruised, which was especially obvious on her snow-white skin. Bright frowned deeply.
	"Come with me to the doctor." Bright pulled her dress back and put her jacket back on.
	"Don't worry. It will go away soon." Rose could see his concern.
	"Looks like I can't let you go out alone from now on." Bright sighed.
	"It really was an accident." Rose swore, "This will never happen again. You can't lock me in City J and not allow me to go anywhere."
	"I'm not locking you. You're going to stay at City J," Bright told her to behave herself.
	"What's the difference?" Rose resented.
	"One is passive and the other is active. I want to see how you behave." Bright took her hand, "It's either that or see a doctor."
	Rose then went to the doctor.
	With Bright here, even if they could not register now, they had many ways to make appointment.
	Rose went to see the doctor smoothly. The middle-aged male doctor looked at the trace on her snowy skin, and then looked at Bright, "As a man, I understand you are impetuous and easily given to passions. But you have to control yourself on some things. If you don't love your wife, no one will love her for you."
	Rose blushed after hearing what the doctor said, "Doctor, you misunderstood. I just hit the wall."
	"Then it's domestic violence? This is even worse!" The doctor widened his eyes and glared at Bright with displeasure, "There is only zero or countless domestic violence. It should never be tolerated!"
	"No, no. It has nothing to do with him. I bumped it myself." Rose explained hurriedly.
	"Alright." The doctor was relieved to hear this and said to Rose with a pleasant smile, "Girl, be more careful in the future. It's okay you hit your shoulder. What if it's your face?"
	"Doctor, I know. Thank you." Rose smiled lightly.
	This doctor was so funny. He really cared about his patients.
	After the examination, the doctor prescribed Rose some medicine for activating blood circulation and removing stasis, and instructed Bright what to do.
	Rose thanked the doctor, took Bright's hand, and left to get the medicine.
	"Why didn't you defend yourself just now?" Rose asked him.
	Bright put his palm over the back of her hand, "You married me. As your husband, I naturally should take good care of you. If something happens to you, it is because that I did not take good care of you. It is my fault and I do not need to defend myself."
	"You..." Rose pursed her lips, "It's my own fault, not yours. Honey, you've done well enough. You're the best husband in the world."
	"Thanks Mrs. Lee for your praise." Bright said contentedly.
	"Mr. Bright deserves it." Rose said.
Chapter 485 She Is the Apple of His Eye
	Bright held Rose tighter, but his hand avoided from her wound.
	"What are you doing in the hospital?" Bright found that she was in the hospital, and was worried that whether something had happened to her, so he raced to the hospital.
	"Nothing." Rose didn't want to spill the beans about Nora.
	"Do you think you can fool me?" Bright raised his eyebrows, looking confident, "Why is Nora in the hospital?"
	"She..." Rose pressed her lips. "It's her privacy. Don't pry into it."
	"Right. I'm not interested in her privacy at all." Bright didn't ask anymore. "Let's go back."
	"No, I have to be here with Nora." Rose was a little worried about Nora's situation.
	Even though Alan stopped Nora from having surgery, it didn't mean he accepted it. She wanted to know what he thought of Nora and what decision he had made.
	If it was a bad decision, she would be here to help Nora and not let her face Alan alone.
	Bright just stared at her.
	"Bright, this is the hardest time for Nora, just like all those years I lived alone with Doris. Nora needs me right now. Do you understand?" Rose was afraid that he would think he was not important to her. She did not want him to misunderstand.
	"I know." Bright reached out and caressed her hair. "I know you won't feel ease until Nora is right, so I'll go with you."
	"Then don't take Nora's matter to heart when you know about it." Rose warned.
	"Yes." Bright said a little dismissively. "I don't take anyone else's business to heart except yours."
	Rose and Bright then went back to Nora's room. She knocked twice on the door and entered, and Bright followed behind her.
	Alan and Nora looked over at them.
	"You're awake, are you all right?" Rose stepped forward and stood on the other side of the bed, opposite Alan.
	"I'm fine." Nora replied.
	She had just woken up. When she opened her eyes and saw Alan instead of Rose, she felt the atmosphere soured.
	Fortunately, Rose's timely appearance eased the atmosphere and made Nora feel much more relaxed.
	Alan looked at Bright and saw the medicine bag he was carrying. "Is Mr. Bright sick?" he asked.
	"Not me, it was Rose. She hit her shoulder. The doctor got some medicine prescribed." Bright looked at Rose. "She can't take care of herself."
	When Alan heard this, he blushed and remembered that he had just pushed Rose, who was in front of him, to the side in order to stop the operation. It seemed that he had pushed her out of the way so she got injured.
	"No." Rose saw Alan's worried look and was afraid that he would tell the truth, so she changed the subject. "Can we just drop it? Nora just woke up. Ask her what she wants to eat."
	"I don't have an appetite." Nora felt sick.
	"You have to eat anyway, or you'll feel weak." Rose looked at Alan and tried to send him an errand. "Could you buy some nutritious porridge for Nora?"
	"No." Nora didn't know Rose's intention, so she didn't cooperate with Rose.
	"You have to eat something." Rose felt that it was really difficult to protect Alan in front of Bright without any visible sign.
	Alan looked at Rose who was trying to cover up something as if to defend him.
	However, Alan calmed down and blamed himself in his heart for his recklessness, which caused her harm. However, Rose didn't tell Bright the truth, which made him feel even more guilty.
	Without any mental struggle, Alan walked up to Bright and told the truth himself, "Mr. Bright, Rose was hurt because I pushed her..."
	"What did you say?" When Bright heard what Alan said, he reached forward and grabbed Alan by the collar and said fiercely, "You pushed my wife?"
	"Yes." Alan nodded again and admitted his mistake. "Mr. Bright, I'm..."
	Before Alan could say the word "sorry", he was punched in the left side of his face by Bright, with enough force to knock him to the ground.
	"Bright..." Rose tried to stop Bright from hurting Alan, but it was too late.
	Alan fell to the ground, feeling the pain on his face, as if that side of his face was no longer his own.
	The pain at the jawbone was so bad that he felt like his bones were broken. He couldn't even open his mouth to speak, and blood was flowing down from the corners of his mouth. He could taste a fishy sweet taste in his mouth taking over his taste buds.
	"I love my wife so much, but you dare to treat her like that? Alan, are you risking your neck?" Bright strode forward, and looked furiously at Alan.
	Rose and Nora both felt his dangerous aura and held on to him tightly.
	Rose was afraid that Bright would strike Alan again, so she ran to him and grabbed his arm, but she could feel his arm was hot and his muscles hot, which showed how angry he was now.
	Alan, who was lying on the ground, looked up at Bright's angry eyes with a look of self-reproach. "Mr. Bright, Rose, I'm sorry. It's my fault."
	"Bright, I know you worry about me, but Alan didn't mean to do that." Rose interceded for Alan.
	"No matter what his reason is, he should not push a woman. Did he act like a gentleman?" Bright accused Alan of not having the gentlemanly manner of a man should have.
	"You worry about me, and Alan worries about Nora." Rose grabbed Bright's arm more tightly, "Feel for him. I didn't hurt much by the way. Bright, just let it go, okay?"
	"He worries about Nora?" Bright looked at Nora in the hospital bed who didn't say a word and wanted to know what was going on.
	Nora had already passed out before Alan came to the room, so she did not know what happened afterwards, and she was confused when she woke up and saw Alan sitting by her hospital bed.
	So when Bright wanted to know what happened, Nora couldn't tell him anything.
	Rose didn't tell him in order to protect Nora's privacy.
	Alan, on the other hand, would not say anything to justify himself. He admitted that he really did the wrong thing in the heat of the moment, but he would not shirk his responsibility. Therefore, if Bright wanted to beat him, he would not complain nor would he resist.
Chapter 486 Love You, Love Your Dog
	Seeing that none of them spoke, Bright reached out to gently tear Rose's hand off.
	Rose didn't let go and said, "Bright, don't... I can't tell you tell reason now. But please give me some time and I'll tell you everything in a couple of days. But then, you can treat Alan the way you like."
	"But now, can you just let him go? Nora needs Alan to take care of her. If you hurt him, who's going to take care of Nora?"
	Rose had already made it clear that if Alan got hurt, she would have to stay here to take his place.
	Bright, of course, did not want Rose to be too tired, so he could only let Alan go temporarily.
	"Fine. I'll put up with it for two days." "But that doesn't mean I can forgive him for what he did to you."
	"I know I was wrong, so I don't expect your forgiveness." Alan was well aware that even for Nora's sake, he should not hurt Rose.
	"It will be your atonement to take care of Nora," Rose said.
	"I don't need him to take care of me. I can do it myself." Nora didn't want to have anything to do with Alan. They were already in the process of divorce, so she did not want to create some more problems. "Mr. Bright, please take Rose to leave first. I want to talk to Alan alone."
	Now that they had met today, just get the matter done.
	"Call me if you need anything." Rose knew that Nora wanted to work things out with Alan. "Take care of yourself."
	Without saying a word, Bright took Rose and left the room.
	Bright was walking very fast, and Rose had to run to catch up. "Are you still angry?"
	As soon as the elevator arrived, Bright entered the elevator with her, holding her hand. "I was going to teach Alan a lesson. Why did you stop me?"
	"I just don't want you to get blood on your hands by fighting someone for me." Rose lifted his long, pretty hands. "Your hands are for signing papers. They're used for hugging me and my baby, instead of hitting people, you understand?"
	Bright looked into Rose's bright eyes and was convinced by what she had said.
	He preferred to use his hand for holding her and her daughter, of course.
	"But when others bully you, I also want to use them to protect you." Bright saw no contradiction in this.
	"There are better ways to protect me." Rose gave a kiss on his palm. "Don't bleed for me. I'll be scared."
	"Okay." Bright gave in and took Rose in his arms, suppressing the longing he hadn't seen her for days, and simply dropped a light kiss on her delicate forehead.
	***
	Nora's room had returned to its cold, suffocating feeling when Bright and Rose had left.
	Alan picked himself up and managed to get over the pain, but his teeth almost shattered.
	He wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth with his hand and saw the blood of his finger. "I'm going to clean it up," he said to Nora.
	The left side of his face hurt with every word he said.
	"Are you all right?" Nora had also seen Bright hit him so hard that she could hear the bones creaking.
	"Can't die yet." Alan eased the atmosphere by laughing at himself.
	"That was a heavy blow. You'd better see a doctor first. It's best if you're fine, and you can deal with it first if it's not." Nora felt he could not be careless.
	"It's okay." Alan didn't care and went to the bathroom.
	He propped his hands on the side of the sink, slowly raised his head, looked at his drenched face in the mirror, exhaling deeply.
	He leaned his hands on the sink, slowly raised his head, looked at his wet face in the mirror, and heaved a deep breath.
	After calming down a bit in the bathroom, Alan came out and sat back in the same chair.
	"What do you want to talk about?" Alan quickly got down to business, staring at Nora, who was about to speak when he continued, "The divorce?"
	Nora nodded. "Right. I don't want to put if off any longer. I think you have received the divorce agreement that Mr. Albert sent you. You want me to sue for divorce and make it public?"
	When Alan went to the bathroom, Nora got a message from Mr. Albert and knew that Alan didn't sign the divorce agreement.
	"Nora, can we not get divorced?" Alan's voice was a little hoarse.
	"No." Nora replied.
	"You want to divorce me because of the baby?" Alan naturally understood.
	Although Nora was an arrogant young lady, she was reasonable, and she knew she should be responsible for what she had done. The unborn child was not Alan's, so she asked for a divorce.
	"No, it isn't. We're just not a good match." Nora denied it. "It's really tiring being together with someone you don't like. Life is too short and I don't want to spend my life like this."
	"Nora, I don't mind if the baby isn't mine." Alan spoke out his own thoughts, "I won't ask you any information about this child, and I'll just consider it as our child. I'll try my best to take care of you. Nora, don't divorce me. Give me a chance to be a father. I will cherish it."
	Nora looked at Alan and could see that he was saying these words sincerely.
	If a man didn't mind that the baby his wife was carrying wasn't his, then he really did love his wife.
	Nora felt warm inside. She was touched by his every word and her eyes got moist.
	"Perhaps you will feel hurt when I disappeared for a while, but I was also confused and I needed some time to sort myself out. I wanted to confirm how deep my feelings for you and to see how much I can do for you."
	"I was testing myself. This time apart from you made me deeply realize how sad it was being without you. I wish I could be working 24 hours a day, numbing myself not to think of you."
	"Nora, I was afraid to come back. I was afraid to face you and negotiate for a divorce like we did today, as if there was nothing else to talk about between us except divorce. I don't want to be like this with you. I want to be your husband... for the rest of my life."
	"I don't want to let go of you, even if you hate me, I don't want to let go of you. After thinking about it for a while, especially today when I knew you were going to have an abortion, I came here desperately. Love me, love my dog, I love you, and I'll love this child too."
	"Believe me, I can do it. I just need a chance. I need you to give me this chance. Nora, you love children so much. How can you kill your own child? You have done so much for children's welfare and helped so many children without parents, giving them the maternal love. Why can't you treat your child kindly?"
Chapter 487 He Is Also Innocent
	Alan paused for a moment, then tried to persuade Nora.
	"The baby is innocent. It needs a father and mother, and a complete home. Only in that way can he grow up healthily. Nora, let's work together to give our baby the warmest love, to love him, to take care of him, and to accompany him to grow up, okay?"
	Alan couldn't believe that he himself could talk so much.
	Nora was visibly shaken by Alan's "tirade". She couldn't help but feel her eyes and nose sore and burst into tears.
	She quickly wiped the tears from her face and sniffed.
	"The baby is gone." Nora said hoarsely, with a painful look in her eyes. "I'm a bad mother. I'm sorry."
	"No, the baby is still in your belly." Alan corrected.
	"What? What did you say?" Nora clutched the quilt in disbelief.
	"The baby is still in your belly. Alan's eyes fell on her lower abdomen.
	"How can that be? I was in a coma." Nora quickly put her hand to her stomach to feel it.
	"You did pass out, but I prevented the doctor from operating just in time." Alan took Nora's hand in his. "I'll protect you and the baby from now on."
	Nora was sure that the baby was still there, and she began to cry excitedly. All her sadness and joyousness were vented out. The happiness came so fast that she could not believe it was true, but it was indeed true.
	At the last moment, her heart had triumphed over her head, and she was glad the child was kept.
	She still had a chance to make up for it.
	Alan held Nora's head and let her lean on his shoulder, allowing her to vent her emotions. She had always been depressive and nervous. Crying was a good way to express her feelings.
	"How did you know I was going to have an operation?" Nora asked, sobbing. "No one knows about this except Rose and me. I don't believe Rose could have told you about it."
	"It's Freya." Alan said.
	Nora was confused. Did she and Rose do something that made Freya suspicious of them?
	They were so careful. How did Freya know?
	"When Freya cleaned up your room, she found the abortion manual you hid under your pillow, so she guessed that you probably didn't want the baby and immediately called me and asked me to stop the abortion." Alan solved her doubts. "So you see, the God was helping you keep the baby. Don't give up. Let's give birth to it and love it."
	"No..." Nora straightened up from his shoulder and still refused. "This baby is mine alone. Alan, I can't feel at ease letting you be its father. We still have to get divorced. If you really love me, agree with me."
	"Nora, I love you. That's why I can't let you do it all by yourself. We are husband and wife and we share happiness and difficulties. How can we be separated?" Alan held her shoulders, forcing her to face him. "Nora, the baby is innocent, so am I. You can't leave me. I won't accept it!"
	"Don't feel sorry for me. I did it all of my own free will, without any reluctance," Alan added.
	"Alan, you know what? The more generous you are, the more I feel sorry for you and I don't deserve it. You have given me the best of everything, but I repay you with such a bad thing." Nora didn't want to hurt Alan.
	"Why would you think so? The child is the best gift God gave you, and you are the best gift God gave me." Alan laughed and said, "It's the happiest thing to get the gift you love. How can it be bad?"
	"Nora, from now on, you should relax and don't think about anything. What you have to remember is that you are the child's mother and I am the child's father. I'll take care of the rest," Alan suggested.
	Nora still hesitated, looking puzzled.
	Alan asked again, "Is its father alive?"
	Nora nodded.
	"Does he know of this child?"
	Nora shook her head.
	"He might be born in a noble family, right?" Alan continued.
	"What do you want to do?" The three questions sent Nora's heart fluttering.
	"I don't want to do anything. I just want to tell you that if you raise up the child alone, it will be dangerous. Others will guess who its father is, and when the child grows up, it will bring harm to him." Alan analyzed.
	"If one day the child's biological father knows the child, and if he is rich and powerful, he may come and rob you of the child. If he is just an ordinary person, he might take the opportunity to extort money."
	"And if the child has parents, no one would doubt its origin. And my identity can help you keep the child with you forever. As long as I don't say it out, no one will know the birth of the child and he will be safe all his life. That's the best way for it and for you."
	Alan was right. Nora felt that the people who knew this matter were all she trusted most. The matter could be hidden forever, and Oca would never know that the child was his, let alone to rob the child of her.
	This was really the best way to protect her child.
	All she wanted was keep the child's origin secret forever.
	Nora looked into Alan's sincere eyes and was hesitant more than ever.
	Alan could see in Nora's face and eyes that her determination was fading away.
	He took Nora in his arms and put his chin on her shoulder, sniffing her scent, mixed with some disinfectant, but to him it was better than those fine perfumes.
	"Nora, you can't leave me forever." Alan was being naughty. "Baby, tell Mommy not to leave Daddy. We're a family and we love each other."
	"It knows nothing." Nora laughed at his foolishness.
	"So I will give it the fetal education from now on, and make him stand on my side. Then you will not bully me," Alan said mischievously.
	"I bully you?" Nora frowned. "If you dare to talk nonsense to the baby, I will kick you."
	"Honey, I was wrong." Alan pretended to be terrified.
Chapter 488 I just Hope You Are Fine
	Alan felt so sweet at the moment. Although Nora did not directly say that she would not divorce him, she had accepted him now, which had driven away his uneasiness. He tightened his arms around Nora and felt satisfied.
	"So we have made it up now?" Alan wanted to confirm it.
	Nora sat up straight and looked at Alan. "From now on, everything is up to me."
	"Good." As long as she didn't divorce him, Alan would agree any conditions.
	"Have a good rest. I'm with you." Alan helped her to lie down. "I've called Freya to make soup for you. I'll wake you up when she arrives."
	Nora nodded. She was still a little dizzy.
	Alan held her hand and stared at her delicate ad pale face, like a child who had been given his favorite toy, with the joy in his eyes.
	"Then I'll sleep." Uncomfortable with his stare, Nora prepared to close her eyes to hide from his eager gaze.
	"Good." As Alan spoke, his cell phone rang.
	With one hand still holding Nora's hand, Alan went to his cell phone with the other hand. It was from his brother. "It's Wilson."
	"You came here on your business hours? You brother will scold you for being lazy." Nora was worried about him.
	In the work, the eldest brother Wilson was always strict, and never showed mercy to Alan even though they were brothers.
	Alan had always been afraid of Wilson, so he didn't want to go to work and see him every day.
	"What can be more important than my wife and my child?" Alan kissed her finger lightly. "What's the matter with being scolded by my brother for you? If I didn't come, how could I keep the child and you? You are priceless to me."
	Nora was once again touched by Alan, and his tolerance made her look down on herself even more.
	"Go answer the phone," said Nora.
	"I'm not going to tell my brother about the child. You can tell them when you want to," Alan assured her.
	Nora was not ready to tell the family that she was pregnant because the baby was not Alan's. and she was afraid Oca would know it. She did not want him to know it, so she had to hide it as long as possible.
	Alan then let go of Nora's hand and walked to the French window before picking up the phone.
	Wilson scolded Alan the moment Alan answered the phone, "Where have you been? Now get your ass back here."
	Alan felt his ears numb with the roar of his brother, and he took his phone away from his ear. "Brother, I didn't mean to leave the office. I'm tied up with more important things. I'll explain it to you when I get back, OK?"
	"The project you are in charge of goes wrong. What's more important thing you have to attend to? Fun and joy?" Wilson was angry.
	"Brother, I will be responsible for the project. But I didn't hang around," Alan explained carefully, "Nora passed out and was taken to the hospital. As her husband, I have to be with my wife. You can scold me as much as you like, brother, but I really can't come back now."
	Wilson softened his stone when he heard Nora fainting. "Is she all right?"
	"She's fine." Seeing that Wilson softened his stone, Alan knew his brother was not so heartless. "When Nora gets better, I'll come back to the office and tell you what's going on," said Alan.
	"No." Wilson sighed softly. "Spend more time with her. I'll take care of the project."
	Alan felt so moved what Wilson took the responsibility and gave him time to spend with Nora. "Thank you, brother."
	"No worries. I'm your brother. As long as you do not cause troubles, I will not really blame you." Wilson, actually, loved and cared about Alan. Since childhood, he would take all the responsibilities for Alan and didn't let him suffer. "You have to take good care of your wife."
	"Yes, brother!" Alan said firmly.
	"That's it." Wilson started to finish the call, but added, "What's wrong with Nora? Is she pregnant? Lately, Mom and Dad are urging you to have a baby."
	Alan's fingers were a little stiff as he held the phone. He didn't think his brother could guess it. "No."
	"No?" Wilson asked again with uncertainty.
	"No! I didn't lie to you." Alan was worried that Wilson would see through him. "Brother, I have to go now. Nora is calling me."
	"Well." Wilson felt pitiful, "But Alan, don't worry. I believe you can do it."
	"Brother, thank you. You can have one more baby now." Alan changed the subject.
	"I'm very busy recently." Wilson didn't want to be forced to have a baby, but once Nora was pregnant, his pressure was off. "You have to listen to her, pamper her, then she'll be willing to have a baby. Remember that, Alan."
	Alan didn't expect Wilson to have such a tender side. "Got it!"
	After hanging up the phone, Alan went back to Nora's room. Before he could get to Nora, he heard a knock on the door.
	"Come in," said Alan.
	Freya opened the door and walked in, holding two boxes. "Mr. Way, this is the chicken soup you asked me to make for Ms. Nora, and this is your lunch."
	It was almost noon now.
	Freya was so considerate to make lunch for Alan. "Where's Ms. Linder?"
	"She left with Mr. Bright." Alan took the boxes and poured half a bowl of chicken soup into the bowl. There were some red dates and wolfberries in it, and it smelt fragrant.
	Alan brought the chicken soup to the bed. Nora, who had not slept well, was stimulated by the scent of the soup and opened her eyes.
	"Hungry?" Alan looked at her and asked.
	"I'm afraid I can't have it." Nora was very sensitive to food smells in her early pregnancy.
	"Ms. Nora, this soup is not greasy. You can try it." Freya tried to make the soup as light as possible to meet with Nora's taste.
	"Drink some. Freya has spent the whole morning preparing for it." Alan urged Nora and helped her sit up, putting a soft pillow behind her so she could feel more comfortable.
	"As long as the young lady and baby are fine, I will do whatever I can." Freya felt relieved to know that Nora kept the baby.
Chapter 489 She Still Cares about Him
	Nora looked at Freya with gratitude, and smiled, "Thank you, Freya."
	"You're welcome, Ms. Nora. What I can do is to accompany you and take good care of you. That's my pleasure." Freya loved Nora as much as her own daughter.
	"Freya, I think you are more like my mother. Without your care and company, I think my life would be lonelier." Nora took Freya's hands that were rough from years of housework, but Nora didn't care.
	"Don't say that, Ms. Nora. Your ladyship would be angry if she hears that." Freya was a little surprised, "Master and Madame love you very much. You are their only biological daughter."
	"Yes, they love me and have never mistreated me in material life since childhood, so they took away my most important thing in exchange for it." Nora was referring to her love affair with Oscar.
	If Oscar had not died, she might not have resented her parents so much. But he died, and she could not forgive her parents. Therefore, Nora would not go back home unless in the Spring Festival. Gradually, they drifted apart.
	Alan knew that Nora was referring to her previous love, but he just pursed his lips and said nothing.
	Nora looked at Alan, knowing that he was being very careful. "This has nothing to do with you. I'm not going to get you involved. If they didn't marry me to you, they'll marry me to someone else. At least I'll have my own freedom when I marry you, and you respect me. Alan, though it's not my wish to marry you, you're a good husband. Thank you."
	"Don't say so, Nora." Alan put the chicken soup in front of Nora and gave it a light blow.
	Nora looked at the chicken soup. Not wanting to waste Freya's effort, she took a sip.
	The delicious chicken soup was mixed with sweet red dates, and it smelt fragrant.
	Only Freya knew what she wanted to eat.
	Nora had had half a bowl of soup.
	"I can't have more." Nora had done her best. This was the most soup she'd had in a while.
	"We can't waste it." Alan raised the bowl to his mouth and finished the rest of the soup.
	Nora felt her ears hot when she saw that he had finished the soup.
	Was that an indirect kiss?
	They never kissed, though they had held hands and hugged each other.
	"All right." Alan licked the corner of his mouth.
	Then Nora had some vegetable porridge and Alan ate the lunch Freya brought.
	After dinner, Nora felt sleepy. Probably because she was pregnant, she felt tired and drowsy more easily than usual.
	"I'm sleepy," Nora said.
	"Go to sleep. I'll stay with you." Alan helped her down on the bed and tucked her up.
	"You don't need to stay with me. Go to work, otherwise Wilson would blame you." Nora suggested. "And it's a waste of time for you to stay with me while I am asleep."
	"No, I just want to be with you." Alan took her fair hand in his. "And brother told me to spend more time with you and spoil you."
	"You told Wilson that I ..."
	"No, I just said you are unwell and in hospital. I won't tell anyone that you are pregnant without your consent. Nora, I am very good." Alan quickly explained.
	Nora smiled with satisfaction.
	"Do you have any reward for me for being so obedient?" Alan said with a smug smile.
	"No rewards." Nora closed her eyes.
	Alan sat in his chair, looking at Nora's delicate face, holding her hand in his palm. Only in this moment could he feel that she was really by his side.
	He looked down, put her finger to his lips and kissed it.
	Nora left the hospital in the late afternoon after spending one more day under observation.
	Alan received a call from his mother who asked him to take Nora back to the Way's for dinner, saying that she had asked the chef to make some nutritious dishes for Nora.
	It was weekend, so Nora didn't refuse Anika's offer.
	But when she arrived at the Way's and saw Oca and Hazel sitting in the living room, Nora was stunned and wanted to turn around and leave.
	But she knew she couldn't do it; otherwise it would be too suspicious.
	But her feet seemed to stick to the ground and she couldn't go forward.
	Alan felt Nora was tense and thought she was afraid of something.
	He stroked her stiff back, comforting, "They don't know anything about it. Don't worry."
	Nora took a deep breath and calmed herself down. With Alan's help, Nora entered the house.
	Nora didn't dare look at Oca, but out of her corner of her eyes, she saw Hazel reach for Oca's hand.
	The sight of it made her sad. She didn't know why she felt jealous.
	She couldn't help but think of Oca as Oscar, and she couldn't ignore him or care about him.
	She loved Oscar with her heart and soul, and couldn't stand his intimacy with other women. She still couldn't move on and was trapped in the siege of love.
	"Alan and Nora are back." Hazel said with concern, "I heard you fainted. How are you now?"
	"I'm fine, thanks, Hazel." Nora smiled politely.
	"You haven't been back for dinner for a period of time. Look, you've lost weight." Anika was also concerned with Nora and glared at her son. "Alan, you must didn't take good care of Nora, right?"
	Nora was indeed a little more haggard and paler than before. It was obvious that she was in poor health.
	Just as Alan wanted to speak, Nora stopped him. "Mom, Alan has taken good care of me, but I'm not strong enough. Don't blame him."
	"This smelly boy didn't take good care of you, and you still say something kind of him." Anika looked at Alan with a straight face. "See what a great woman you have married. If you don't take good care of her, I won't let you go!"
	"Mom, I see." Alan held Nora's hand and said gently. "She is my princess. Of course I would give her my most love."
	"Alan, I didn't realize you are so sweet." Hazel admired her brother's frankness.
	"I mean it from the bottom of my heart." Alan said, "You want to hear it?"
Chapter 490 To Declare that She Is Pregnant
	"No, of course not."
	The tips of Hazel's white ears were tinged with red. She awkwardly put her hair back to her ears to hide her embarrassment.
	Alan smiled a more playful smile. "Hazel, if you want to hear it, ask Mr. Moore to say it."
	A touch of disappointment flashed by Hazel's eyes. "We would only say sweet words privately."
	But actually, Oca had never said the sweet words that would touch her. It was she who took the initiative to express her feelings, and he looked indifferent.
	He was always calm. No matter what she said or what she did, it wouldn't stir his feelings.
	Hazel couldn't figure out what he was thinking. Sometimes she wondered what Oca would look like when he wasn't himself.
	He was so calm that she felt he was like a cold statue.
	In Oca's mind, there seemed to be no love, only work. It was when he was working that he would be fully engaged.
	He was meticulous in his work and he was really charming when he focused on work. That was what attracted and enchanted Hazel most.
	She was the one who always expressed her feelings first, but she was still willing to do so.
	"Hazel, you're shy again," Alan laughed.
	"Grandfather is coming. Dinner is ready," said Wilson.
	They went to the dining room and sat down in turn. No one dared to eat until Patriarch took the first bite.
	In the Way family, Patriarch had the authority over everything and no one dared to disobey him.
	Anika spoke to Alan, "Alan, get Nora some soup. She needs to build up her body."
	"No." Nora didn't want to have soup.
	"It won't hurt to have some." Alan did as what his mother told him to do and served Nora the soup.
	There were some materials of traditional Chinese medicine and the medicinal flavor was strong, plus the soup was a little greasy, she felt sick when smelling it.
	But with so many people here, she did not want them to find that she was pregnant, so she could only endure it.
	Nora held her breath and pushed the soup in front of Alan. "No. You can have it."
	"I'll get myself another bowl." Alan picked up another bowl of soup.
	With two bowls of soup in front of her, Nora felt more uncomfortable. She rubbed her hand against her heart to suppress the discomfort, but the more she endured, the more she resisted, until she could not stand it and ran to the bathroom.
	"What's the matter with her?" asked Hazel, "Is she feeling sick again?"
	"She might not be well," Alan was a little flustered and ran to see Nora.
	Nora vomited in the bathroom, spitting out what she had eaten today.
	Her stomach churned violently.
	"Are you all right?" Alan had never seen Nora suffer from vomiting before, and he was distressed to see her like this.
	Before Nora could answer him, she felt sick again and continued to vomit until she collapsed.
	Everyone was looking to the bathroom. Anika was a little worried. "Is Nora sick?"
	"Mom, don't worry too much. I don't think Nora is sick," said Clara, Wilson's wife with a smile. "I think Nora is pregnant."
	Hearing this, they were all happy.
	But Oca frowned slightly. He did not speak, just quietly listened to their discussion.
	Clara continued, "When I was pregnant, I also felt sick when I smelt some food with stronger flavors. Sometimes I didn't have any appetite and didn't want to eat anything. It was similar to what Nora is like right now."
	"If Nora gets pregnant, that's good news." Hazel looked at Patriarch. "Grandpa, don't you think so?"
	"Of course it is," said Patriarch with a smile, "It has been a long time since anything happy has happened to the Way family."
	"How could I not realize that? Clara was right. Nora seems to be pregnant." Mrs. Way smiled happily. "I had the same situation when I was pregnant, but it was not as serious as Nora was."
	"It varies from person to person. Some people don't have any symptom at all, while others will vomit violently." Clara looked at Nora sympathetically as Alan helped her out. "Nora is going to suffer a lot."
	Alan was a little confused as they all looked at him with a happy, expectant look. "What's wrong?"
	"Alan, are you still hiding from us?" Hazel raised her eyebrows.
	"What do you mean?" Alan wondered.
	"Are you going to be a father?" asked Hazel. Alan felt pale at her question and his hand shook a bit. "No. That's not something to joke about."
	"And Nora isn't feeling well, so I have to take her home to rest." Alan was going to take Nora away.
	And Nora was not in the mood or had the energy to explain. She just wanted to get out of here.
	"There's a room upstairs. You can just carry Nora upstairs and rest." Anika blamed her son for his thoughtfulness. "Nora is too weak to do anything now," she said.
	"Mom."
	"Nora is not feeling well. Call the family doctor to check on her later. Anika and Clara had the same situation with Nora when they were pregnant. Everything will be clear when the doctor comes," said Palmer. "Go upstairs and rest."
	Alan was worried. If the family doctor came to check on Nora, everyone would know that Nora was pregnant.
	"It's not what you think," Alan kept lying to them.
	Nora knew it was impossible to hide from them. So she decided to tell the truth, "Grandpa, Mom, Dad, I'm pregnant. Alan doesn't know it yet. Don't blame him."
	Alan didn't expect Nora to let go of the news. He didn't know whether he should be happy or sad.
	He wanted to help her to hide it, but in the end, she had to admit it in public. Alan felt guilty.
	Seeing that Nora had admitted it, Patriarch, Palmer, and Anika were happy. Everyone was delighted to hear that.
	"He doesn't know it yet?" Palmer frowned. "He's your husband and he doesn't even know you're pregnant. Nora, don't stand up for him. I have to teach him a lesson."
	"Dad." Alan felt wronged.
	"Don't explain it! I'll deal with you later," Palmer said with a straight face. "Take good care of Nora."
Chapter 491 Give Birth to This Child
	Nora told others about her pregnancy. The Ways were surprised and concerned about her. So, there was no way for Alan to take Nora away now. They could only rest in the Way family.
	After Nora was settled, the Ways sat in the living room and looked at Alan.
	Alan was a little scared and embarrassed by their eyes. His hands on his knees were uncomfortable.
	He swallowed and opened his mouth slightly, but was interrupted by his mother, "Alan, why didn't you tell us about such a big event as Nora's pregnancy? If we hadn't found out today, did you plan to hide it from us until she gave birth? How did this happen? Your wife is pregnant. Why don't you care at all?"
	"I don't think this guy had any intention of telling us." Palmer raised his finger and pointed at Alan, and was very angry, "You guys do not intend to keep this baby, right?"
	"What?" when Patriarch Way heard Palmer remind him of this, his face changed. He was serious and said to Alan, "Alan, this is your child. How can you be so reckless?"
	"Alan, you sent Nora to the hospital after she fainted today. She was checked out to be pregnant in the hospital, right? And you even lied to me?" Wilson raised eyebrows at Alan.
	"Alan, you and Nora have been married for more than five years. Why do you want to hide the fact that you will have a child? Are you so unwilling to have a child? Is it so hard to let you guys have a child?" Anika felt sad as she said.
	"Did you want to abort it secretly in the hospital?" Patriarch Way's eyes were cold and sharp.
	"Grandpa, Dad, Mom, I didn't think that. You guys misunderstood. We just wanted to find an appropriate opportunity to tell you." Alan explained, making an excuse, "It is said that we can't tell anyone if she is less than three months pregnant. I'm afraid it's not good for the baby. So, I didn't say anything."
	"Alan, no matter what you think, since Nora is pregnant with your child, she must give birth to it. Otherwise, I will be very upset!" Patriarch Way made a decision, "From today onwards, you and Nora move back to the Way family. The nanny will take good care of Nora."
	"Grandpa, I can take good care of Nora." Alan knew Nora wouldn't like living here for a long time without asking her.
	Anika immediately added, "Alan, we are not at ease leaving Nora in your care. Anyway, I am free at home. Nora lives here and we can talk to each other to divert ourselves from boredom."
	"Mom, Nora and I are used to living alone. The living habits of us were different from those of you guys. Besides, we are used to living in Springhill Villa. I am afraid that Nora will not be used to it if she suddenly moves here. Now she cannot eat well. If she doesn't sleep well, it will harm your beloved grandson." Alan couldn't help but curl his lip, trying to convince his elders to cancel the decision they all disliked.
	Patriarch Way, Palmer and Anika all looked at each other and were silent.
	Wilson and his wife didn't say anything. Hazel spoke up, "Grandpa, Dad, Mom, Alan is right. Everyone has their own habits and diet. Since it's for Nora's and the baby's own good, we should follow Nora's idea and let her decide where to live."
	"But we don't trust Alan to take care of Nora." Anika frowned.
	The Way family had been waiting for the couple to have a child for a long time. When Nora was pregnant, they were very concerned about her.
	"Mom, I'll hire more nannies." Alan said his thoughts.
	"Nannies can't take care of her as well as us." Anika was still reluctant, "I have an idea. Since you guys don't want to live here, then I'll stay with you at Springhill Villa."
	"..." Alan was in an awkward position. What was the difference between them living here?
	"Why do you look like this? Do you hate your mother that much?" Anika glared at Alan.
	"Mom, you'd better take good care of the family." Alan politely rejected Anika's idea of going to live with them, "Grandpa and Dad can't leave you."
	"It doesn't matter. Now, the baby comes first. We have nannies at home." Palmer also agreed that Anika should go to live with them to keep an eye on them.
	"..." Alan.
	"The first three months of pregnancy need the most attention. So, whether you guys are willing or not, I'll go. After three months, I'll disappear and leave you guys alone." Anika picked up the cup on the table and took a sip, saying the words clearly.
	"..." Alan.
	It seemed that his mother had already made up her mind. It would not help no matter how much he opposed it. But how could he tell Nora about it?
	When Alan was in a dilemma, Oca, who had been silent, got up to say goodbye. They were discussing a family matter. It was none of his business. If Hazel hadn't kept him and he had to give her face, he would have left after dinner.
	Hazel walked Oca out the door. It was cold outside.
	"Be careful." Hazel admonished carefully and gently.
	"Yeah." Oca responded indifferently.
	"Is something on your mind?" Hazel noticed he had frowned many times today. So, she was concerned, "Is there something difficult at work? What can I do for you?"
	"Nothing. Even if something is wrong, I can handle it." Oca glanced at the villa behind him. His eyes swept over the bedroom on the second floor that was light, "Bye."
	Oca didn't stay, turned around, and was getting into the car.
	Hazel, however, hugged him from behind and pressed her face to his back, "Oca, Alan and Nora have a child."
	Oca's body stiffened slightly. He knew what Hazel meant.
	He reached out and pulled off her hand around his strong waist, his eyes dark and colder than the night, "Go inside. It's cold outside."
	"Oca," Hazel bit her lip, stared at his handsome face with her bright eyes, and gathered her courage, "I ... I want to get married."
	Hazel's heart was beating so fast and fiercely that it seemed to rush out of her chest.
	The moment she heard the good news of Alan and Nora today, such a strong thought appeared in her mind. It would be nice if she also had a baby, who would inherit all the advantages of her and Oca, and must be very beautiful and clever.
	She wanted to have children for him.
	Oca's handsome face was a little unclear in the night. It took him a long time to speak, "Now is not the right time. Hazel, wait a little longer."
	"Oca..." Hazel wanted to say something else. But after meeting the man's cold gaze, she could only bite back the words, "Alright. But please don't make me wait too long. If we are going to get married anyway, then it doesn't matter if it's a little earlier."
	"You know I don't like to disrupt plans." Oca was a little impatient.
	The light in Hazel's eyes faded. Oca reached out to hold her shoulder, "Don't think about it. Bye."
	Hazel watched Oca's car disappear, and could not hold back the tears in her eyes. Tears rolled down her cheeks.
Chapter 492 She Wants to Be a Mother
	Alan was lectured by his elders before he went upstairs and brought a bowl of soup to Nora who hadn't eaten anything.
	Nora rest for a while and felt much better. She had a high color and her face was not as white as it had been earlier.
	Alan brought the soup over and put it on the bedside table, "How are you feeling?"
	"Much better." Nora leaned against the bed. She looked soft under the warm light.
	"This is the soup. Drink it." Alan saw that Nora had lost too much weight during this period of time. He was distressed, but could not do anything. So, he was anxious.
	Nora was indeed a little hungry. She reached for the soup while Alan had already picked it up and sat on the edge of the bed, "I'll feed you."
	"I'm pregnant, not broken. I can do it myself." Nora reached over and grabbed the bowl.
	But Alan didn't let go. His eyes were firm, "I can't do much things for you. This is all I can do. Just give me a chance."
	Nora looked up and met Alan's eyes which were full of guilt and affection.
	"Alan, you don't have to say that. It ... it is my fault. Even if you do not care about me at all, I deserve it. You do not have to feel guilty."
	"You do not wrong me either. It is my own choice." Alan's voice was gentle, "We are a couple. We should respect and love each other. From today onwards, just forget the past."
	Alan scooped a spoonful of soup to her lips, "If you don't drink it, the baby is going to protest."
	Nora couldn't resist him and could only be taken care of by him like this, as if she was an invalid.
	Although she did not insist on divorce and accepted Alan's advice, she could not let go completely and face Alan openly. After all, it was her fault.
	Today, when she had no choice but to tell others about her pregnancy, she saw that Oca's eyes were darker.
	Would he suspect? If he did, what would he do?
	Nora lost her appetite after drinking half of the soup.
	Alan, adhering to the principle of not wasting, drank the remaining soup.
	Anika knocked on the door and saw the scene. She came over and grabbed Alan's ear, scolding him in anger, "You brat! You even stole Nora's soup! How can I trust you to take care of Nora and the baby?"
	"Mom... It hurts..." Alan was suddenly caught by the ear, begging his mother, "Mom, let go. My ear is going to fall off."
	"Mom, you let go first and listen to me." Seeing that Anika wrongly blamed Alan, Nora got a little anxious, "You misunderstood him. I didn't have an appetite. I drank half of the soup. Alan didn't want to waste the remaining soup and drank it. Mom, we've been like this all this time."
	Anika looked into Nora's bright eyes, "Really?"
	Alan, the spoiled brat since childhood, actually knew he could not waste? Did she hear it right?
	"Yes." Nora nodded heavily, afraid Anika didn't believe her, "Alan has changed a lot during this period of time. He's not what you think he is anymore. He works hard and takes good care of me now. Mom, even if you don't believe him, you have to believe me, right?"
	"Of course I believe you. It's just that this boy..." Anika let go of her hand.
	Alan's ears were red from his mother's grip. He reached up to rub them and his handsome face twisted, "Mom, am I your own child? Why are you so hard on me? What if you pull my ears off?"
	"It's nothing to pull your ear. If you don't take good care of Nora, I'll break your legs!" Anika looked vicious.
	Alan was still rubbing his ears, "How dare I?"
	"It's better if you don't dare." Anika sat down on the edge of the bed and reached out to take Nora's hand, putting on a smiling face, "Nora, tell me if he dares to bully you. I am definitely on your side."
	"Thank you, Mom." Nora looked at Anika, who was so kind to her, and felt guilty inside again.
	If they knew that the child in her belly was not Alan's, but another man's, she would be the one to have her legs broken.
	She also felt that she was too selfish. To give birth to this child safely and to prevent Oca from stealing the child from her in the future, she accepted Alan's offer, even if he knew that it would be unfair to him.
	But she wanted to keep the baby so badly that she had no choice.
	As Alan said, she had done so much charity for children and given warm motherly love to so many children who were not related to her. Why was she so cruel to her own child?
	She didn't want to be cruel. She just wanted to be a mother.
	"Nora, I have something to say to you." The smile on Anika's well-maintained face deepened, "You should be taken good care of during the first three months of pregnancy. Alan has to work. So, he may not be able to take care of you. You may not want to live here. So, we have discussed and decided to let me go to Springhill Villa to take care of you for the first three months.
	I will only stay with you for these three months. After three months, I will disappear and will never disturb you. Your Grandpa and your Dad all agreed. Your sister-in-law had moved back to live for a while when she was pregnant. We respect you. So, I'll go to stay with you. What do you think?"
	Nora kept a polite smile. What else could she do?
	They had decided it before they came to inform her. She couldn't refuse even if she wanted to.
	"OK. Thank you, Mom." Nora agreed directly.
	Anika patted Nora's hand with satisfaction, "This is what I should do. I am okay, but you will be hard. After you give birth to a healthy child for the Way family, you are a hero in our family. We will definitely reward you well."
	"Mom, what if it's a granddaughter?" Alan teased.
	"A granddaughter is also nice." Anika said to her son, "But you need to work harder next time. You and your brother are the hope of our family."
	"..." Words failed Alan.
	"Well, take a good rest." Anika conveyed the advice, not forgetting to admonish Nora before she left, "If there's anything, you can let him do. Don't bother yourself."
	Nora nodded and saw that Anika glared at Alan when she passed by him.
	Seeing his mother leave, Alan hurried to explain to Nora, "Honey, I had intended to tell you about Mom going to live in Springhill Villa. But she came before I said anything. I tried my best to stop it. But I couldn't resist the decision of the whole family. I'm sorry..."
	"It's okay. It's only three months." Nora understood Alan's current situation, "Hurry up and tell Freya to rearrange our bedroom. We can't let Mom know that we are sleeping in separate rooms."
Chapter 493 Who Is the Father of the Child in Your Belly
	"You are right." Alan patted his head. How did he forget such an important thing?
	If his mother was going to live in Springhill Villa, then the fact that they slept in separate rooms would definitely be exposed. They had to prepare for it in advance.
	Nora and Alan stayed in the Way family for the night. The next day, Alan went to work with Palmer, while Nora was going back to Springhill Villa.
	"Mom, I'll go back and have Freya clean up. You can come tomorrow." Nora wanted to go back first to check if Freya had gotten it right.
	"OK." Anika didn't reject. It was only a day anyway. It didn't matter.
	She didn't have anything at Springhill Villa either. So, she had to pack some things she used to.
	The driver of the Way family sent Nora back. Nora went upstairs to check. For fear of missing something, she and Freya carefully checked it twice, and then felt relieved.
	"Mrs. Way is coming?" Freya heard it from Alan when he called her yesterday.
	"Yes." Nora nodded. Although she really disliked this, it was decided and she had no choice but to accept it, "She will leave after three months."
	"It seems that the Way family values this child very much." Freya's gaze swept over Nora's belly, "If you can give birth to a boy, the Way family must be very happy."
	Rich families had a lot of assets to inherit. So, they all hoped to have boys. Otherwise, how could they handle their huge assets?
	"I like girls." Nora reached out and stroked her belly.
	"Since madam likes children so much, you can have more children with Mr. Alan." Freya suggested with a smile.
	"Let's talk about it later." Nora smiled lightly. She didn't want to think about the future yet. She just wanted to protect this one in her belly right now.
	Freya made tea for Nora and then went to work.
	Nora called Rose. Yesterday, Rose left with Bright. Nora was not sure if she had left City H and gone back to City J.
	"Rose, are you still in City H?"
	"No, we're at Asgard Lake Community." Rose really knew how much Bright missed her after being brought home by Bright.
	His enthusiasm was like a volcanic eruption and amazed her.
	"Mr. Bright is supposed to take you back, right? Let's have lunch before you go." Nora wanted to say goodbye to Rose. There were things she could only say to her.
	"OK." Rose wanted to see her, too.
	They met at Nora's restaurant. Nora hadn't been to the restaurant for a long time.
	Nora thought that as long as she didn't care, no one else would gossip.
	Nora didn't choose a private room, but a seat on the second floor beside the glass, with a good view. She could see the scenery of the busy street there.
	She came early. So, she ordered first, made a reservation, and then sat alone reading a magazine and drinking lemonade.
	It was not time for lunch yet. So, there was no one on the second floor.
	She looked up into the distance and picked up a glass of water with one hand to drink, not noticing that a figure was approaching until the dark shadows enveloped her.
	Thinking it was Rose, Nora turned her head, "Sit down..."
	The smile on Nora's face froze as she saw the person coming clearly. She felt the air around her was thinner.
	Oca reached out and clasped her slender wrist, ordering, "Come with me."
	"I have an appointment with Rose," Nora twisted her wrist, trying to break free of his grip.
	She was in a panic. She knew what he wanted to do. So, she would never go with him.
	Oca's eyes were cold and sharp. His voice was low and mellow. He restrained himself, "Nora, I don't want to be rude."
	"I'd like to see what a gentleman like Mr. Oca will look like when you are rude." Although Nora was scared, she was stubborn.
	"You made me do it." Oca easily pulled her up in the chair, and then kicked the chair.
	The chair fell to the ground, making a clear and heavy sound.
	Nora was so scared that she didn't dare to move. Oca then grabbed her waist with one hand and picked her up. No matter how she struggled, it was useless. She could only be taken away by him.
	"Oca, what are you doing? Let go of me! Are you crazy? This is my restaurant!" Nora didn't want her staff to see them and reminded them that she had teased Oca when she was drunk.
	"So I won't be the one who is most embarrassed. Why am I afraid?" Oca smiled and had no intention of letting go of her.
	Nora tightened her grip on the man's black shirt. Seeing he was determined, her heart were trembling.
	She was afraid that they would be seen by the staff if she was carried out of the restaurant by Oca. Soon, it would be the time for lunch. They would be seen by others. As the Way family's daughter-in-law, she could not let this happen.
	Alan had given so much for her. She couldn't hurt him and embarrass him like this.
	"Oca, don't ... don't do this, please!" Her pale lips trembled as she pleaded.
	"How nice to behave like this." Oca turned around and carried her to the box on the third floor.
	He had booked a box here long ago for his own convenience.
	Since Nora left the Way family, he had someone follow her. He had thought he would have to wait some days to meet her alone. Unexpectedly, he saw her yesterday and met her today, which just gave him a good chance. So, how could he let go of such a good chance?
	Oca put Nora into the sofa. Nora was about to get up as soon as she was free. But Oca saw through her thoughts and leaned forward, bracing his hands on the back of the sofa, trapping her in his aura.
	The strong scent of him made her a little dizzy, "Stay away from me!"
	"We've done the most intimate things. Do you still care about that distance?" Oca now took off the disguise of a gentleman and showed Nora how bad he was.
	He had already showed his another face to Nora anyway. So, he didn't have to pretend anymore.
	Nora refrained from remembering that chaotic night, "Mr. Oca, I will still refuse your last offer now. So please remember who you are."
	"You know that's not what I want to ask." Oca's gaze moved from her delicate face, down her graceful swan neck and landed on her flat belly, "Who is the father of the child in your belly?"
	This was the question Nora was most reluctant to face. But she was still questioned by him now.
	She smiled brightly, "Mr. Oca, are you kidding? Of course the child is mine."
Chapter 494 Who Is the Father of the Child in Your Belly?
	Looking at Nora's smiling face, Oca smiled and said in a cold voice, "You? Can you do it alone?"
	He pinched her lower jaw with his long fingers, and got closer to her, "Don't play dumb. Answer my questions seriously, or, this is your restaurant. You don't want to make headlines, do you?"
	Nora felt the hotness of his fingertips, as if they were about to burn her skin.
	His powerful aura and anger made it hard for Nora to breathe.
	"Tell me, who is the father of the child?" he gave her one more chance.
	"Alan." Nora blurted out without thinking and hesitation.
	She would definitely never admit that the child was Oca's. Otherwise, everything she and Alan had done would be in vain.
	"He hasn't slept with you in over five years of marriage. You gave me your first time that night. How can this child be his?" Oca rubbed her delicate, smooth skin with his fingertips and sneered.
	"I just repaired it when I slept with you that time. Are you so naive to think it was my first time?" Nora laughed sarcastically, "Mr. Oca, when are you so stupid?"
	When Oca heard her answer, he widened his eyes and pinched her jaw harder. It hurt so much that Nora frowned in pain.
	"Does a married woman need to repair it? Do you think I will believe that?" Oca's fingers left her jaw and moved to the back of her head.
	Oca looked down and approached her. His thin lips pressed against her ear and Nora could feel his hot breath, "This child isn't Alan's. It's mine, isn't it?"
	Although Oca knew the answer in his heart, he still wanted to hear the affirmative answer from Nora's charming red lips.
	Nora's body stiffened slightly because of his words. She told herself not to panic. But she still couldn't stop herself from being instinctively scared.
	"No!" She retorted softly, not excited at all.
	Yes, she could not panic. She had to calm down, and kept cool. Otherwise, she would lose completely.
	If she lost, she might not keep this child, and it would also affect Alan and disgrace the Way family and the Cooper family.
	The child in her belly mattered a lot. So, she could not yield and admit it so easily.
	"No?" Oca forced a smile and his eyes were cold, "Nora, are you sure?"
	"Of course I am sure. Why will I lie to you?" Nora insisted, but her knuckles whitened as she grabbed the sofa harder, "Mr. Oca is indeed young and talented. But you wouldn't be so naive to think that I could get pregnant after enjoying a night with you, right?
	Even if I were pregnant with your child, I would handle it before Mr. Oca came to ask me to abort the baby. I, Nora, will never give birth to a child to another man. If I want to have a child, I will only have my husband's. So don't be so self-absorbed, Mr. Oca.
	Alan and I had some misunderstandings during the past five years. But they were resolved some time ago. We are a happy couple now. Mr. Oca, you also saw yesterday how much Alan cared about me and the child. If it is not his child, will he care about it so much?
	No man wants to raise a child for someone else. Mr. Oca, that night was just an accident. I will never say it to Hazel or even anyone. I will keep it a secret. I hope Mr. Oca can also forget about the past and be with Hazel well. In the future, you will have your own children after you get married. I will congratulate you then."
	Nora suppressed her mixed feelings and said these words calmly to keep Oca from doubting. Even if he doubted, she had to be cruel to let him give up.
	Otherwise too many people would be sad for this.
	She couldn't be soft and take the risk.
	Oca clasped her head and lowered his head to kiss her, stopping her from chattering. He fiercely swept her lips and teeth and felt her fragrance....
	The wild kiss let Nora unable to fight back. She pushed his chest hard, only to find that she could not move him at all. Instead, she made him even angrier. He punished her and kissed her so hard that her lips hurt.
	If it wasn't for fear that as a pregnant woman, she would die with the child in her belly for lack of hypoxia, Oca would not have let her go.
	When Nora was freed, she took a big breath and gradually calmed down.
	When she calmed down, she didn't say a word and directly slapped Oca's handsome face.
	The red mark was clearly visible on the left side of his face.
	The room fell silent. The sound of the slap echoed for a long time.
	Oca's eyes were red. He was about to get angry. But his anger dissipated when he saw that Nora was wronged and even wanted to cry.
	He simply licked the corner of his mouth with the tip of his tongue, charming and evil.
	"Alright. I'm looking forward to the congratulations from you. Don't cry at that time." Oca's face sank and was as cold as stone.
	Nora looked at Oca and felt that he was her Oscar. Her heart ached terribly at this moment.
	She wanted to cry, but she had to hold back. She disguised herself well, smiling, "I am willing to give my blessing. How could I cry?"
	Oca reached out and loosened the tie around his neck, as if he was a little uncomfortable.
	"Nora, to get your blessing, I'll go propose to Hazel right away." Oca said it on purpose. Now, they were seeing who was calmer and did not panic.
	Nora felt hurt. She was acting so indifferently because she didn't want Oca to know the truth about the baby. But she didn't expect he would do this to anger her.
	Nora took a deep breath. Not only was her heart aching, but also her stomach started to ache.
	She broke out in a sweat on her white forehead and grabbed her clothes.
	"What's wrong with you?" Oca noticed that something was wrong with Nora.
	"I ... have a stomachache." Nora was exasperated.
	"I'll take you to the doctor." Oca was a little nervous.
	Nora's cell phone rang at that moment. It was Rose. "No need. My friend will take me to the doctor. Mr. Oca, please leave now."
	Nora picked up the phone, "Rose, I'm on the third floor... I have a stomachache. Hurry to come and take me to the hospital."
	Oca was completely ignored by Nora. But he didn't bother with her, "You still want to keep a distance from me in such a condition? Are you not thinking about the child?"
	"None of your business!" Nora thought inside. Didn't this man know who angered her so much? "I do not want to see you! Get out!"
Chapter 495 She Wants to Be Selfish This Time
	Nora suppressed the pain from her belly and yelled at Oca.
	Seeing that her eyes were red and she was firm, and Rose was about to arrive, Oca knew he couldn't stay here much longer.
	Oca's face was gloomy. But he finally left.
	Rose met Oca at the staircase when she came. There was a flash of surprise in her eyes, "Mr. Oca?"
	"Mrs. Lee," Oca greeted her politely, passed by her, and left.
	Rose didn't think much of it. Thinking of Nora saying her stomach hurt, she rushed to find her.
	When she arrived, Nora's hair was already wet with sweat and clung to her face. Her lips were colorless and she looked haggard.
	"Nora, are you okay? Why do you suddenly have a stomachache?" Rose held her up.
	Nora gripped Rose's shirt tightly, "Rose, my baby ... I want my baby to be well..."
	"Don't worry. I'll take you to the hospital now." Rose called two men to help Nora to her car.
	Luckily, this was the center of the city and close to the hospital. It only took them a few minutes to drive to the hospital.
	Nora was wheeled into the emergency room by the doctors. Rose waited there alone.
	The results showed that it was because of anger. The doctor advised that the pregnant woman should be relaxed and not get too emotional.
	Both Nora and Rose were relieved to know that the baby was okay.
	Nora had become quite weak since she was pregnant. She had been in the hospital many times.
	Rose poured a glass of warm water for her and she took a big sip, "Rose, I've caused you trouble again. Mr. Bright will tear me apart when he finds out."
	"Don't mention it." Rose put on a long face in displeasure, "Bright didn't say anything after knowing you're pregnant. His bark is worse than his bite."
	Nora just smiled.
	Rose picked up the cleaned apple and peeled it, quietly looked up at Nora, "Nora, I met Mr. Oca when I came."
	Nora froze for a while. It was natural that Rose would meet Oca.
	"He came here for lunch." Nora said lightly.
	"Nothing happened between you and him, right?" Rose was afraid Nora would chase Oca again.
	"I was drunk last time. But this time I'm sober. What can I do to him?" Nora said this on the surface, but could not help thinking of him inside.
	She could forget the way he forced her and questioned her in the box just now. he looked so scary that it seemed that he wanted to eat her.
	Nora gently withdrew her hands on her belly. As long as she did not admit that the child was his, he could not do anything to her, right?
	"Nora, Mr. Oca and Hazel are lovers. You should keep a distance from him." Rose reminded her, not wanting her to be confused and make mistakes because of Oca's face.
	"I know." Nora also knew Rose was doing it for her own good, "I'll take care."
	Rose gave Nora the cut apple, "Have some fruit."
	Just as she finished her words, Rose's cell phone rang. Nora took the plate with the apple and let Rose answer the phone.
	"Where are you?" Bright's magnetic, nice voice came.
	"I'm having lunch with Nora." Rose lied. In fact, they would have been sitting in the restaurant having lunch if Nora hadn't had a stomach ache.
	"We'll fly back to City J at 4,00 p.m., please pack up." Bright's business was finished. He could leave after lunch, "Doris is already complaining at home that Mommy and Daddy abandon her."
	"OK, I get it." Rose had been out these days. Naturally, she also missed Doris.
	Nora said after Rose hung up, "Mr. Bright let you go back to City J?"
	Rose nodded. She did want to be with Nora. But Doris was dissatisfied.
	"Don't worry, I'll take care of myself." Nora stuck a piece of apple with a toothpick and handed it to Rose, "I still have nanny and Alan. Besides, Alan's mother is moving in to Springhill Villa. So, you don't have to worry too much about me.
	Rose, we are not the same as we were when we were young. We all have our own families and can't be together all the time like we used to be. It's right that our husband and children come first. Let's all live a good life."
	Nora saw it clearly. She did not want Rose to blame herself for not being with her when she needed her.
	"Rose, although we can't do what we want like we used to, we are closer friends."
	Rose smiled, "We'll always be best friends for life."
	Nora and Rose clasped their hands together. They would never forget their promise.
	"Did you and Alan make up? He agreed to keep this child?" Rose didn't know what had happened after she left that day.
	"I took his advice. I had no choice." Nora told her all about the negotiations with Alan, "I was selfish and wanted to keep the child. "
	Rose didn't say anything more. She understood how much Nora wanted to be a mother.
	Once Nora was stable, Rose sent her back to Springhill Villa before coming back to Asgard Lake Community.
	Bright was already waiting for her at home. Then, they went back to City J together.
	After they left City J, Doris was sent to the Lee family's villa. So, they went to the Lee family's villa first and it was just time for dinner.
	There was only Francis in the house. Hallie was not there.
	Doris ran to her parents happily when she saw them back. But after running halfway, she stopped, turned around and sat down next to Francis again, continuing to play checkers with her Grandpa.
	Bright and Rose looked at each other and knew that their daughter was angry.
	"Honey, what's wrong?" Rose stepped forward to coax her.
	"You guys left me to enjoy lovers' world. So I don't want you guys either. I'll stay with Grandpa and not go back with you, so that you won't think I'm an eyesore." Doris got angry.
	"..." Rose looked up at Bright, gesturing for him to coax Doris.
	"Honey, Daddy went on a business trip and picked up Mommy on the way back. I didn't leave you behind. We came to pick you up as soon as we got off the plane. Aren't we sincere enough?" Bright could only be so patient and gentle with Doris.
	"Liar." Doris was angry, not believing her father's words at all.
	"I also bought you a lot of gifts, including your favorite Dougie's new EP. It is special signed and has picture books, posters and pillows. Only you can get them. Don't you want it?" Bright could only use this trick.
	Hearing that it was a gift about Dougie, Doris was very happy. She could not hide it. Her eyes were bright and she looked forward to it.
	"If you want to see it, eat well. You can open it when we go home. Mommy and Daddy will be with you." Bright knew Doris was attracted.
Chapter 496 They Can Never Be Together
	Doris didn't say yes, but made it clear with her actions.
	She got up and walked to the dining room, followed by Francis, who didn't want to bother Bright and Rose.
	Seeing Doris' actions, Bright and Rose knew that she had calmed down and the crisis was solved.
	"Look, as long as you can suit your methods to the situation, Doris is a nice girl." Bright was a little smug, "Fortunately, I have specifically asked Dougie to send me these gifts in advance."
	"Mr. Bright is the smartest." Rose took his arm.
	"Then you'll have to reward me when we get home." Bright looked at her, his eyes full of love. He looked down and kissed her on the lips, feeling attached.
	Rose's ears turned red and she raised her hand to slap his shoulder twice in embarrassment. "This is Dad's house. How ashamed I will be if I'm seen!"
	"There's no one here." Bright had checked around.
	"You have to behave yourself in Dad's place." Rose warned the restless Bright.
	"So you mean I can do whatever I want when I get home." It was an affirmation, not a question.
	How could Bright be so shameless! "Go and eat, or Doris will complain again."
	"If you don't say anything, I'll take that as a tacit agreement."
	"..." Words failed Rose. What did she acquiesce in?
	In the dining room, there were just Francis, Bright, Rose, Doris and Zoe today. Zoe kept quiet.
	The final examination would take place soon. Stefan had been staying at school to prepare for it all this time.
	And Hallie's absence was a surprise.
	"Hallie has gone to a colleague's party." Francis said after Rose asked.
	"What did Hallie do before?" Rose was curious and asked one more question.
	"She was a dance teacher." Francis took a sip of soup and then said, "She has been taking care of our family since she married me. It has been almost ten years. She has taken good care of the family."
	"No wonder Hallie has such a good figure and temperament." Rose had an envious look.
	Bright almost forgot that Hallie was a dance teacher before she married Francis.
	After the meal, they took Doris back to Ginkgo Villa.
	To coax Doris, the couple accompanied Doris to open the gift Dougie had sent to their house.
	Doris hugged the human-shaped pillow in her arms, happy and satisfied, "I can hold Dougie in my arms all the time. Then I'm not afraid that you will abandon me anymore. He will be with me."
	Her haughty eyes were really funny.
	This night, Doris went to sleep against Dougie's pillow, which was more useful than a bedtime story. She quickly fell asleep. Then, it was time for Bright and Rose being together.
	When Bright came out of the shower, Rose was applying her skin care products.
	He wiped his wet hair while picking up his phone and checking the time, "I'm going to the study."
	"It is so late. Do you have to work now?" Rose applied the excess skin care product on her hands.
	"There's something I want to get confirmed right away." There was a thing in Bright's mind, "You reminded me of that today."
	Rose frowned and dwelled on it. A look of surprise flashed across her face. But she didn't dare to think about it more deeply, and just said, "Are you suspecting Hallie?"
	"I hope it's not her, too." Bright had dark eye circles, "But when I think about it now, Hallie, the teacher, had more contact with Marley."
	"Hallie is about nine or ten years older than Marley. And Hallie is dad's wife. They ... I don't think it's possible." Rose swallowed lightly, not daring to imagine this complicated situation.
	"I don't want to suspect her either. But Marley once had a big fight with Hallie. It was also the only time." Bright recalled the past, "Marley had always been gentle and never argued with people. That day, he drank and lost control. I didn't take it seriously back then. But now, I think it was too much of a coincidence."
	"Marley hasn't woken up and no one knows the truth." Rose sighed.
	"After so many years, it's unlikely that Marley will wake up." Bright's eyes were gloomy. He could accept it rationally, but never stopped finding the truth.
	Now, he seemed to have found some traces. If his suspicions were proved, he would not let go of the people who hurt Marley.
	"If ... if Hallie is the teacher Serena mentioned, what are you ... going to do?" Rose got up, walked to Bright, and sat down. Her silk nightgown was soft.
	Even if they found the truth, it was the most difficult that how to deal with it.
	Bright put the towel down, "Let's wait until we have the results. You sleep first, and I'll go to the study."
	Bright lightly clasped the back of Rose's head, pressed her lips, and kissed her fiercely. It was a hot and sweet kiss.
	Rose naturally put her arms around his neck, her soft body pressing closer to his chest.
	Her move made it impossible for Bright to refuse, even addicted.
	In the yellow light, Bright looked at Rose, who had fallen asleep in his arms. There were marks on her white skin, which were like red plums in the snow, charming and beautiful.
	Bright twisted his head sideways and kissed Rose on the forehead. Then, he lifted the quilt and got up to put on the robe, checking whether Rose was tucked tight.
	Then he went to the study and turned on the vintage glazed desk lamp on the desk. The warm yellow light gently diffused.
	Bright sat down on the white leather swivel chair and turned on the computer, searching through the web pages.
	Finally, he opened his email, wrote a letter, and sent it to Bill's email.
	After all this, he picked up his phone and looked at the time. It was 3:10 a.m., when everything was silent. But he was not sleepy at all. His heart seemed to rise and fall like the waves.
	He didn't know how long he sat in the study. He heard the faint sound of the study door being opened.
	He withdrew his hands propped up on the corner of his forehead and looked up at Rose, who was walking towards him.
	"Why are you awake?" Bright frowned when he saw that she was only dressed in a light-colored silk nightgown.
	"I can't sleep well without you." Rose saw no one around her when she woke up. So, she knew he was in the study.
	She had taken the initiative today to exhaust Bright, so that he could rest peacefully and not work in the study. However, he was too strong and she had fallen asleep instead.
	"Come on, I'll keep you company." Bright got up and took her in his arms, not wanting her to get cold.
	They reentered the room and lay on the bed. Rose was lying in Bright's arms. She looked up at his straight, high nose.
	"Are you still thinking about things?" Rose could tell that he was preoccupied.
	"No. Let's sleep." Bright tightened his arms around her again, and then closed his eyes.
	Rose also caught up on her sleep in his arms.
Chapter 497 Close People
	Bright sent Rose and Doris to school and then went to his office. He was dressed in a high-fashion suit. He was upright, but seemed not in a good mood today. Everywhere he passed by was silent.
	The morning meeting ended after an hour. Bright went back to work in the office.
	Then, Bill knocked on his office door in the afternoon and walked to his desk.
	Bright kept paying attention to the document in his hand. Bill didn't bother him, waiting quietly for him to finish reading the document and then signing on the last page.
	Bright closed the file and put it aside, and then slowly spoke, "Say it."
	"Ms. Hallie worked for a dance troupe in Country Z after she graduated." Bill was very efficient this time, "Her first husband was also a member of it. They divorced after five years of marriage. Since her husband was a senior member, she had no choice but to quit her job.
	At that time, she had a miserable life. She couldn't enter the formal state-level troupe. To support herself, she had to apply for a private dance studio and school, and finally chose Blooming Dance Studio...."
	"Did she know Marley when she married my father?" Bright wanted to know the point.
	"Mr. Bright, that's the point." Bill continued, "Since the dance teacher of Mr. Marley's friend's school was pregnant, they needed to hire a dance teacher. That teacher recommended Ms. Hallie. So, Ms. Hallie became a supply teacher. When Mr. Marley went to find his friend, he met Ms. Hallie who was taking classes. This was the first time they met. Mr. Marley was attracted by the young and beautiful Ms. Hallie at that time.
	Then Mr. Marley often went to his friend's school to see her in class, until one day Ms. Hallie did not take over a class again. He found out where Ms. Hallie worked, and enrolled in dance classes to learn Latin dance. Then he got in touch with Ms. Hallie more.
	Once it rained, Mr. Marley gave Ms. Hallie a ride back. They probably got closer from that time. Ms. Hallie's ex-husband came to pester her. Mr. Marley helped her, which moved Ms. Hallie. Ms. Hallie also told him about her divorce and having children, but Mr. Marley didn't care.
	Soon after, they were supposed to be confirmed in a relationship, but did not make it public. After they fell in love, Ms. Hallie met Mr. Francis, your father, at a business dinner. She got close to your father and broke up with Mr. Marley.
	Mr. Marley naturally disagreed. They had a cold war for some time. During this time, Ms. Hallie's ex-husband died, and her daughter was sent to her. Her daughter was ill and needed money for treatment. She took the initiative to borrow money from your father, leaving a thousand a month for herself and paying the rest back Mr. Francis... Soon, they got together.
	And you know what happened next. Mr. Francis brought Ms. Hallie home. Mr. Marley was not home that time. He learned that she was going to be his stepmother later. Then, Mr. Marley had been living outside and not went back to the Lee family.
	I think Mr. Marley was hurt because Ms. Hallie and his father got together. So, he could not accept it and... But this is only my guess. The police checked and said Mr. Marley jumped off the building himself."
	Bill had been in a cold sweat after he said the secret past of the year.
	He now knew some secrets of the Lee family, would he be silenced?
	Bright kept calm after listening to it. Bill didn't know if he had listened carefully, and how much he had listened to.
	"No wonder Marley didn't go to father's wedding that year, and later had a fight with Hallie inexplicably. I didn't understand why he acted like this at first. So there was such a thing in it." Bright sympathized with Marley.
	Marley was so excellent and brilliant. There were so many women who wanted to marry him. He could have many choices. Why did he fall in love with Hallie?
	But love was something people could not resist. Everything was fate.
	"Mr. Marley was so outstanding. Why would he fall in love with a divorced woman like Ms. Hallie?" Bill couldn't help but ask one more question.
	Bright had mixed feelings and was very patient with his question, "Our mother died early, and our father was busy working. We had no mother's and father's love. We were taken care of by the housekeepers and nannies. We accepted the courses my father arranged and grew up as he predetermined.
	It is said that men, who is lack of mother's love from childhood, is easy to fall in love with a woman older than themselves in adulthood, to make up for the mother's love. So, it is not accidental for Marley to make such a choice. It just so happens that the person who appears to give him what he wants. So, he was moved.
	You know Ms. Hallie is dignified and elegant. She always keeps gentle. She married into the Lee family for so many years. I am indifferent to her, but she is not angry or resentful, playing the role of a good stepmother. Even if she's not tired, I'm tired of watching it."
	"Mr. Bright, Mr. Marley and you all lost mother. But why didn't you fall in love with a woman older than you? Mrs. Lee is a few years younger than you." Bill really dared to ask this question.
	Bright glanced at Bill, who hurriedly shut up.
	"I like the young ones." Bright tapped on the table with his long fingers, but could not hide the hint of smugness on the corners of his eyes.
	Bill also smiled, and then remained calm, "These investigations cannot prove that Ms. Hallie is the murderer. What should we do next?"
	"Even if she didn't do it herself, she indirectly caused Marley to lie for so many years. She's living it up. My dad wouldn't have expected that the person who did this to his best and most valued son would be his closest people." That was why it was hardest for him to talk.
	"You're afraid Mr. Francis won't be able to stand it after knowing the truth?" Bill guessed Bright's worry.
	"Here is a sticky business." Bright rubbed the corner of his forehead with his long fingers.
	One was his father and the other was his brother. His two closest relatives were all allured by Hallie's beauty, not realizing how selfish she was.
	"But she hurt my family. I will never let her go, if she's not completely innocent."
	It was his decision. Even if it would bring the family a mess, he wouldn't stand by and do nothing.
	After work, Bright called Rose to say he would be home late. He had asked a driver to pick them up.
	Then, Bright went to the hospital to visit Marley.
	Bright had never visited Marley in the evening. But today, he itched to see him.
	He sat at the bedside and looked at Marley's gaunt face and extra pale skin. Seeing that Marley was so lifeless, and thinking about how spirited Marley was in the past years....
	Bright felt sad and hurt.
Chapter 498 I Am Yours and You Are Mine
	Bright sat there and gazed at Marley for a long time, until the sky was dark.
	When he stared at Marley's pale face, he slowly spoke, "Marley, what should I do?"
	"After she gave you up to get married with Dad, you did not say a word about the relationship and the harm she caused you. So, it could be seen she is very important in your heart. You didn't want to hurt her, so you hurt yourself, did you?" Bright and Marley were very close and he knew what Marley was thinking.
	"But I'm not willing to let her live in peace, even without any apology. If she had regret, she should have visited you more often over the years. Then I wouldn't be so eager to unmask her. Marley, you can't bear to hurt her. But how much does she care about you?"
	"Marley, if I do something bad to her, you won't blame me, will you?" Bright smiled bitterly, "Even if you want to blame me, you have to wake up and get up from this bed! Otherwise you won't know even if I kill her."
	Bright left the hospital in the night and ran home after muttering to himself.
	It was almost twelve o'clock at night when he arrived home.
	Bright changed his shoes at the door and came in, seeing Rose wearing a pink and purple silk nightgown with the laces of her jacket tied in a bow.
	"Good evening."
	"You still up?"
	"I told you I can't sleep well without you." Rose walked over in cotton slippers.
	Bright looked at the woman walking toward him and opened his arms to embrace her. His jacket was a little cold and made Rose feel cold.
	But she didn't move, just let Bright hold her tightly and bury his head in her neck.
	She lifted her hand from behind him and clasped his shoulder, "Have you eaten?"
	"Not hungry." He didn't have an appetite.
	"So you didn’t eat? When are you being so silly?" Rose tried to let go of him, but was held by her even harder, "Don't move. Let me hold you for a while."
	Rose then didn't move anymore. She could feel something different about Bright, which was what she was worried about.
	"I went to see Marley today." Bright confessed to her.
	"Has it been confirmed that Hallie and Marley know each other?" Rose asked in a soft voice.
	"It's more complicated than that." Bright's voice was hoarse, "She had an affair with Marley, and then married my father."
	So that was the truth? Marley was hurt because of love affair?
	But who could accept that their stepmother had affairs with their dear father and brother, and even became the model of good wives in wealthy families?
	"That is already the case. Don't blame yourself." Rose gently stroked his back, "Marley doesn't want you to embarrass yourself like this either."
	Bright hugged Rose for a while before he could calm down. This was also a rare emotional instability for Bright in recent years.
	Only in front of the people he trusted most, would he relax and show his weakness.
	"Abel is off work. I'll go make you something to eat." Rose helped him towards the living room, "If you're tired, just rest on the couch. I'll call you when it's ready."
	"Don't bother. Just cook a bowl of noodles." Although Bright was picky, he could accept whatever Rose made.
	"Okay. Wait for a moment. I will make the noodles you like." Rose was beaming with joy, because Bright was willing to ask for food.
	Bright couldn't help but pinch her cheeks when he saw her bright smile.
	Rose then went to the kitchen, while Bright took off his jacket, leaned on the back of the sofa in the living room, closed his eyes and took a nap. Maybe because the crystal light was too shining, he raised his arm on his forehead and blocked the light. It shadowed his face and made his eyes brooding.
	Rose brought out the noodles and went straight to the living room.
	Bright did not fall asleep and opened his eyes when he heard the footsteps, seeing the steaming noodles in her slender hands.
	"Is it ready?"
	"Yes." Rose put the bowl down, "I'll get you a spoon and chopsticks."
	Bright looked at the noodles on the table. With the golden fried egg and red tomatoes, and the bright green scallions on it, the color was beautiful and let people have appetite instantly.
	Bright picked up his phone, took a picture, and posted it on his social media account for the first time, with the words: Mrs. Lee's cooking. It's unique.
	Rose came over, sat down, and gave him chopsticks and a small spoon, "Have some soup to warm your stomach first."
	"OK." Bright took a few sips of the soup, which was sweet and sour and delicious, warmed his empty stomach and body.
	Bright began to eat the noodles. He was well-educated. So, his every move was elegant.
	Rose propped her face up and just admired him as he finished the bowl of noodles.
	"If you're sleepy, go up to bed. I'll rest before I can shower and come to keep you company." Bright picked up a strand of her black hair and wrapped it around his fingertips.
	"I'm not sleepy. I want to sleep with you." Rose sat cross-legged in the couch, then leaned over and rested her head on his shoulder.
	"Are you so clingy?" Bright took her shoulders.
	"Yeah, I can't stay away from you." Rose's nose was filled with his good smell.
	Bright reached out his other arm and wrapped her tightly. He kissed the top of her hair and said in a low but serious voice, "Promise me you'll never leave me."
	At this moment, he suddenly did not have security at all.
	"OK. I promise I will never leave you. You can't leave me. You are mine." Rose was more willing to express her emotions than before.
	She knew that if she loved him, she should let him feel it and speak it directly.
	"I'm yours, and you're mine." Bright kissed her on her hair passionately.
	In response, Rose wrapped her arms around his strong waist.
	Rose finally fell asleep in Bright's arms. Bright picked her up from the couch, went upstairs to the master bedroom, and placed her on the soft, large bed.
	He then went to take a shower and got into bed with a towel around him, pulling Rose into his naked chest.
	He began to kissed her red lips and her collarbone.
	This night, he had sex with her again and again as if he couldn't feel tired. Finally, Rose was so tired that she couldn't even move her fingers.
	Bright took her in his arms like a treasure and could not let go.
	This day, he made an exception and did not get up early to go for a morning run. Instead, he lay on the bed with Rose until she woke up naturally.
	"Are you ... not up?" Rose was surprised to see his handsome face when she opened her eyes, thinking she was dreaming.
	"I want to stay with you today." Bright pecked her on the lips, "Good morning, baby."
	"Good morning, honey." She smiled happily. It was really good to have her husband with her.
Chapter 499 Help Me, Please!
	Nora and Rose just finished their video call. They talked about some of each other's recent life status, and some things when they were young, only to feel how time flied. They were once both little girls. But now, they were both mothers.
	Since Anika, Alan's mother, moved to Springhill Villa, Nora's daily life seemed to be full and regular.
	Anika would get Nora up at 9:00 a.m. for a nutritious breakfast, then go for a walk, and prepare fresh fruit for her around 10:30.
	At noon, she also prepared meals suitable for pregnant women for Nora. Then, Nora would take a nap after lunch. In the afternoon, there were classes for new mothers and yoga classes for pregnant women, once a week.
	Originally, Anika had intended to invite private teachers to teach at home. But Nora didn't want to stay at home every day and couldn't go anywhere. So, she enrolled in these classes on the premise of going to the class outside.
	Nora also wanted to take this opportunity to get some fresh air, not to stay at home. She felt like she was too bored.
	Nora knew Anika did this for her own good. But she didn't want to be in control of her life and be set up to live it.
	She respected Anika. But there were some issues of principle that she couldn't compromise on, and she was straightforward about it.
	Although Anika would be a little unhappy, Nora was very firm. Besides, Alan would also speak for Nora. So, she had no choice but to compromise.
	Nora looked at the time. It was time for the new mother's class today. She needed to leave at 2:30 p.m.
	She could still sleep for a while. She was more sleepy than usual because of her pregnancy.
	She hadn't had a chance to meet Oca or think about it much during the time she stayed at home.
	Nora was in a daze when she was woken up by the ring of her mobile phone. She fumbled for it and glanced. It was an unfamiliar number.
	She picked it up anyway. Her voice was a little hoarse because she just woke up, "Hello?"
	"Ms. Nora, it's me ... Lillian," the voice on the other side was scared and shaking.
	As soon as Nora heard her name, she was not sleepy at all, sat up, and leaned over the bed, "What can I do for you?"
	"Ms. Nora, please ... please, help me." Lillian begged in a low voice and tried to suppress the sobs.
	"What happened?" Nora asked her.
	"Ms. Nora, can I see you? There are some things I want to say to you in person." Asked by Nora in this way, Lillian cried louder.
	"Lillian, I don't think it's necessary." After what happened last time, Nora was more cautious. After all, she was no longer alone now. She was pregnant and had a baby. She needed to be more careful.
	"Ms. Nora, I know I did something wrong to you. So, you will no longer trust me. I did not listen to your advice to use legal means to deal with Nathan. Now, I am in this situation. I deserve it... Ms. Nora, please give me a chance. I will do everything you say this time and cooperate. I want Nathan to pay the price!" Lillian gritted her teeth. It could be seen how much she hated Nathan.
	"The last time I left, you said that as long as I thought clearly, I could look for you at any time. Ms. Nora, no one can help me except you now. This time, I am ready to risk everything, even my life, to let Nathan die!"
	Nora felt clearly that Lillian did not pretend it.
	It seemed that something bad happened between Lillian and Nathan again, which forced her to make such a choice.
	"OK." Nora agreed, "We will meet at the villa by the sea last time. Where are you? I'll have my driver pick you up. But you may wait for me some more time. I might not be there until five or six."
	"Ms. Nora, I'd appreciate it if you can come. Thank you..." Lillian bit her lip, tears falling down. She clutched the phone in her hand, as if she was grabbing a lifeline.
	Nora looked at the time. It was time to pack up and go to class.
	Nora changed her outfit. She was wearing a high-collared undergarment, a black round-necked long coat, a thin black belt, and a pair of black pants.
	Nora's weight had not changed at all, although she had been pregnant more than two months. Her belly was still flat.
	Recently, she was in a good mood and looked good. She didn't look pregnant at all.
	She picked up Herm pink platinum bag in her hand. The color of the bag looked vivid, which was a special color in her dark color clothes and made her look pink and young.
	She had just come downstairs when Anika walked to the stairway, "The driver is ready."
	"OK." Nora and Anika walked together to the door. Nora put on her black boots. She always loved to wear high heels, but had to choose to wear flat ones now.
	They went together to the most upscale new mother's class, where all those who studied here were rich and famous.
	They took a class of five, which was what Nora insisted on. She did not want to have a one-on-one class.
	"Mom, you don't have to stay here with me. You can go shopping." Nora thought this kind of class was really boring. But there was a lot she did need to know to be a mother.
	"I'll study with you." Anika accompanied her every time. It wouldn't waste the money they spent.
	The study time was 90 minutes, divided into two classes.
	In the last class, she learned about holding. Today, she was learning about breastfeeding. She had not only to listen, but also to learn by hand.
	Nora also studied seriously. She recalled the knowledge of holding last time, carefully held the prop baby in her arms, consolidating her memory under the guidance of the teacher.
	After the class, Nora said directly to Anika, "Mom, I have an appointment with Alan. So, I won't go back to have dinner with you today."
	She had sent a message to Alan when she went to the bathroom just now, asking him to help her.
	Before Anika could say anything, Alan's call came at the right time, "Mom, I'm coming to pick up Nora. Today is our anniversary and I have a surprise for her."
	"Then you take care of Nora." When Anika heard Alan say that, she couldn't say anything else.
	She waited until Alan drove to pick up Nora and gave him a few more instructions before leaving.
	Once Anika left, Alan and Nora both breathed a sigh of relief.
	He asked Nora, "Where are you going? I'll give you a ride."
	"I can go by myself. But you may have to find a place to stay first." Nora didn't want Alan to know about it.
	"Where do you want me to stay? Aren't you afraid I'll be found out?" Alan raised his eyebrows, "I'll send you there, and wait for you in the car."
	In that case, Nora had to agree.
	Alan navigated to the villa by the sea according to the address Nora said.
Chapter 500 Is There Anything More Embarrassing Than This?
	Alan parked the car steadily in the courtyard of the villa and found that there was such a beautiful view of the sea.
	"How come I didn't know you have a house here?" Alan helped Nora out of the car, "It's quite nice here."
	"No matter how nice it is, I won't give it to you." Nora actually rarely came here.
	This was the place where she and Oscar used to date. He was burned to death in this villa.
	It used to be a ruin for a long time. Then, Nora invested in the reconstruction and restored it according to the previous look. Even the interior decoration and furnishings were made according to her and Oscar's preferences.
	When she looked at those familiar scenes and things, she would feel that Oscar did not leave her.
	She thought that he died here, and he would miss the place where he got along with her most. She thought that if a man had a soul, he would come back here to find her.
	When she missed him, she came here and lay in the sofa, imagining that he would come to her.
	She would sometimes meet him in her dreams. But how sweet and happy they were in dreams, how cruel and sad the reality was.
	She always woke up in tears, helpless and sad. She wanted to stay in her dreams and never wake up, not to face the pain of losing her love.
	"I didn't want your villa." Alan rubbed his nose and said the love story, "All I want is you. I'm satisfied with you, just like having the whole world."
	"Fool." Nora laughed at his stubbornness.
	Alan knew that he might not get her and her heart for the rest of his life, but still wanted to try.
	It was just like her. She knew that the person she loved was no longer alive, but still persistently waited and tormented herself.
	They both valued love. So, they were always the ones who were hurt.
	"I believe that fortune favors fools." Alan knew what Nora meant, but didn't want to give up.
	"Wait for me here. I'll come out after I finish my business." Nora then changed the topic and turned around and walked to the villa.
	Alan looked at her slender figure. How beautiful her long straight legs were!
	The pink on her hand lit up the coldness of this winter.
	Alan did not go into the car, but wrapped his coat tightly, leaned against the side of the car, and carefully looked at the villa.
	Nora went inside and asked the nanny to make a pot of hot tea, send it to the outdoor sofa outside the villa, and invite Alan to rest here.
	"Where's Lillian?" Nora asked the nanny.
	"Ms. Lillian said she was tired and went to the guest room to rest." The nanny pointed to the right of the first floor.
	"Make the tea and go get her." Nora put her bag on the sofa and sat down.
	The nanny brought the hot tea out and invited Alan over as Nora said, so that he could enjoy the view and warm himself up with some hot tea.
	Luckily, it was a nice day. It was a little sunny and not too cold.
	Lillian was led to the living room by the nanny. Her eyes were wet the moment she saw Nora, "Ms. Nora, I..."
	"Sit down and have a sip of tea first." Nora poured a cup of tea into a glass.
	Lillian picked up the cup of tea and took several sips. After she finished it, she said, "I want to get back at Nathan. Please help me."
	"Have you thought it over?" Nora held the cup with her white fingertips, looked up at Lillian whose eyes were full of hatred. It seemed that she was firmer this time.
	"Yes." Lillian nodded heavily, "I've never known what I should do as clearly as I do today."
	Nora took two sips of tea and put down her cup, "May I know why you changed your mind?"
	Once Nora asked this question, Lillian's face turned pale. She grabbed the fabric of her dress and was like the leaves in the wind trembling vaguely.
	"It is okay if you don't want to say it. Just forget it." seeing her like this, Nora did not force her.
	"Nathan hasn't even thought about letting me go." Lillian opened her eyes wide to keep the tears in her eyes from falling down, "I've been very low key and avoided him. But he still found me and let the men who didn't succeed last time continue what they hadn't done."
	When she said this, Lillian obviously choked. She could not hold back her tears and let it fall down. She raised her hand and wiped it casually, took a deep breath, and continued.
	"He also took pictures of me being raped, then had someone go to my hometown and post them near my house. My parents saw it and were so angry that one was sick and hospitalized, and the other was in tears. They could not forgive me, saying that I was cheap and disgraceful, and would break off the relationship with me...."
	"I have nothing left now. I am not afraid of him at all! I will pull this scum to hell even if I have to fight for my life. He was not afraid of me at all and treated what I said as a joke. He even said that I was crazy. He thought that I was not capable of fighting with him.
	Ms. Nora, I really regret my decision at that time. If I had listened to you last time and taken legal action against him, it would not have been like this. I am desperate and can only ask you for help. I want this scum to die. Please tell me what I have to do to let him get his comeuppance. I'll do whatever you say."
	Listening to Lillian's experience, Nora sympathized and very disliked Nathan's arrogance.
	The man was too hateful. He had to be taken a lesson once to learn that there was a price to pay for doing wrong.
	"Cry if you want to." Nora pushed the tissues on the coffee table in front of her, "There are many ways. But you have to know that you will take great risk. Do you think you can afford it? By then the whole country will be concerned about this matter. Words against you may appear on the Internet and the media. It will be harsh and severe. Even his lawyer will be aggressive against you in court, leaving you without dignity. Have you thought about that?"
	Lillian pulled up a tissue and wiped the tears on her face, her eyes firm, "He even posted the kind of pictures of me all over the streets of my hometown, and where I used to work and go to school. I've been stripped naked and put in public. Is there anything more embarrassing than this?"
	"I have only one thing on my mind right now. I want Nathan to die! He's not human. He doesn't deserve to live."
	Seeing that Lillian was indeed firm, Nora then slowly said, "What you have to do now is to go to the police station to sue Nathan for raping you and abusing you with other men. The police will file a case after investigating, so that it can enter the judicial process."
	"But it's been a long time. I have no evidence. Will the police listen to me?" Lillian was not ignorant at all.
	"I dare you to do so only when there is evidence." Nora smiled lightly, which gave light and hope to Lillian who was in the dark.
Chapter 501 To Get Evidence
	Lillian felt so comfortable and relaxed at this moment as if she was now covered with warm sunlight.
	"Where is the evidence?" Lillian uttered and her voice sounded a bit thrilled. She couldn't help grabbing her own clothes.
	Nora took out her phone from the bag and then swiped on it. Then she put down her phone beside her body.
	"Look at your phone." Lillian was included in the friend list of Nora.
	Lillian took out her own phone and then she noticed that Nora just sent her a message.
	She clicked on the video she got and then Nathan's voice sounded. His voice was rude and violent. Besides, she even saw herself in the video while Nathan was ripping off her clothes. The video only lasted for about ten seconds and then it ended.
	Lillian raised her eyes to look at Nora, "How did you get the video?"
	She still remembered that it was Nora who took her into a shack, where Nathan then showed up and violated her.
	Nora still looked calm when facing her question, "I have hidden a camera inside that shack before so we filmed the whole thing. Then we saw Nathan came in with his men. That was why we stopped it later and we managed to bail you out."
	"So you have planned to make this video the evidence against him and you want to send him into prison with that?" Obviously, Lillian realized what happened.
	Nora admitted without hesitation, "Yes, I have come up with this plan so I managed to get some evidence beforehand. I didn't ask for your opinion, but I was sure that you wouldn't agree even if I had asked so. If now you want me to take the blame, I am okay with that. To fight against Nathan, such a scheming guy, it will never work unless we get ready with a well-arranged plan beforehand. Only then could we make him pay the price. And I respect your opinion. So I have suggested at that time that you should sue him. Only when you agree will I make this video the evidence against him. If not, I will just leave it as a backup and I will never use it as a threat against you."
	"I, Nora Cooper, have never been a kind-hearted one. But I have my own bottom line. I won't play dirty tricks. After all, we are both weak ladies. Lillian, now you still have a chance to say no. If you want an end, I will forget our talk today."
	Nora had been talking to her with great honesty. So Lillian felt much better though she was mad before. Besides, now they needed to fight against the same enemy—Nathan. So the video would be the most valuable evidence.
	"But such a snapshot video should be illegal, right?" Lillian was a bit worried as she knew something about the due process.
	"I will deal with it. Though the shack was deserted, there is still a surveillance camera at the door. So it might have recorded the moment when Nathan came in." Nora actually sent Lillian in while kept themselves off the camera record at that time.
	"Are you sure we can make him pay the price?" Lillian's eyes went bloodshot, "I am afraid that he will still be fine and I will be doomed even if I sacrificed myself. What's worse, he might be able to get rid of it completely. And that's the last thing I want!"
	"So we need to get more evidence from now on. Even if there is no evidence, we need to manage to fake some! Do you understand?" Nora said unbelievably seriously. She then continued, "You said Nathan had shot some pictures of you, right? Since it was he who shot those pictures, that could be part of the evidence as well. Do you still keep them?"
	"Yes." Lillian took out her phone and showed her the pictures and also the situation that Nathan had ever spread her naked pictures around her hometown.
	"Okay." Nora nodded, "Now you can negotiate with him about it. You need to call him and ask for a face-to-face talk in public. And I can make someone collect evidence."
	Lillian nodded.
	"I know that you don't want to see him again. But that's the only way to retaliate for yourself." Nora patted on her shoulder and continued, "I will make someone live in the downtown hotel so as to protect you."
	"Thank you, Ms. Nora." Lillian said.
	"Don't mention it. Both of us have the same enemy and target. I am now doing myself a favor as well when helping you." Nora reminded her of the fact that they were just in cooperation for the time being. She had been reasonable when facing everything.
	Lillian kept her lips puckered, looking guilty, "I know I did something wrong before and I could never be your friend."
	"We could never be enemies either." Of course, it was impossible for them to build up friendship with each other.
	"Okay, I am leaving now. Just call me if you need. I will do my best to meet your request." Then Nora stood up and left with her bag.
	Looking at her back fading away, Lillian really hoped that she could also turn to be tough, brave, clever and gorgeous just like Nora.
	However, Nora had been the only unique one in the world.
	Actually, she wasn't that tough as Lillian expected. Only her beloved one could touch the softest part of her heart.
	As Nora reached the open area, Alan had finished the tea. Seeing that she came over, he stood up, "You finish?"
	"Yes."
	Alan walked over to hold her hand, "What do you want for dinner?"
	"Whatever. But don't get me some plain food." Nora had had enough with the plain food for pregnant lady only.
	Alan smiled at her softly, "That's because my mom cares about you."
	"I know. So I will get along well with her for the time being." Of course Nora could tell that. Otherwise, as tough as she had always been, she wouldn't have listened to Anika if it weren't for her guilt of Alan.
	"Thank you." Alan was aware that Nora was trying to compromise. He continued, "If you feel aggrieved, just vent out in front of me. I don't mind it. Only the health of you and the baby will be my best fortune."
	Alan rested his big hand onto her underbelly, looking like a kind father.
	Nora could tell that Alan had been always true to his words.
	"Forget it. I don't want to embarrass you." Nora still chose to hold back her bad feelings.
	"Come on, you are pregnant. You should vent out your grievance. Or it will do harm to the baby. I love you even if you are accusing me." Alan then walked over to the car while holding her hand.
	"You love to be accused?" Nora raised her brows, "But I am not a sadist."
	"Whatever. But remember, don't get yourself feeling bad." Alan opened the door for her, "You should take care of yourself and your baby. Both of you are top priorities."
	Then Alan got into the car from the other side and stepped on the gas.
	He drove smoothly all the way through so as to let her feel comfortable.
	As they reached the downtown area, Alan suggested, "What about some Thai food or Korean food."
	"Well…Actually, I want some hot pot." It had been a long time for her since she ate spicy food last time.
	"Really? Can you?" Alan looked at her underbelly, "But the baby might be too young to have spicy food. Hot pot is okay. But no spicy one."
	"Come on, only the spicy one tastes the best!" Nora seemed to be a bit frustrated.
	"Both, okay? Both soup pot and spicy hot one." Alan compromised, "That is my bottom line."
	"Okay." She agreed.
Chapter 502 A Huge Challenge to Meet Bright
	Nora felt much better after having hot pot. She was quite easy-going in this aspect.
	Besides, she had been busy collecting the evidence against Nathan together with Lillian. So she almost left everything else behind. She went to sleep when tired and got back to work when she woke up again.
	During this busy time, she also heard good news—Sophie was sentenced to fixed term of five years and she was put into prison immediately.
	She was destined to pay the price even if she regretted for what she had done.
	When Sophie was taken away by the police, she stared at Sky, who was sitting among the audience. Her eyes went tearful and bloodshot.
	However, Sky actually ignored her as if he didn't even notice. His eyes still remained cold as if they were strangers to each other.
	Seeing that, Sophie felt like being stabbing into her heart. Perhaps she had never expected that her relationship with Sky would turn to be so chilling cold.
	Then she was taken away by the police and then they stepped out of the court. It was a bit cold but sun still shed light on the ground, which made it a bit warm.
	"Rose, long time no see." It had been a long time since Sky met her last time. It seemed that he was a bit thinner, "You have settled down in City J, right?"
	"Yes." Rose talked to him just like his friend, "Wherever Bright goes, there will be my home. I will follow him forever."
	Today Bright had just gone for a business trip in Country M. Otherwise, he would definitely stay with Rose at the moment.
	Sky smiled while blinking a bit, "You do live a happy life, right?"
	"Yes." Rose nodded.
	Nora stood beside and said to him, "Sky, no one could change the past. Since you didn't even care about her before, why do you still ask so? Her life has nothing to do with you."
	Sky's face seemed to change a bit and his eyes looked a bit sad. But he still kept a smile on his face, "I just want to show my care as her friend."
	"You have no right to care about her." Nora reminded, "Now Sophie is put into prison and now you are free. Just go and chase after your next love!"
	"Okay." He answered casually.
	Both Joy and Chandler came over. So Sky turned around to leave.
	"Rose, do you feel good living in City J with Bright?" Chandler asked with concern, "You haven't been back home for a long time. Since today you are free, would you like to go back home to visit your grandma? I will have your mom get you your favorite food."
	"Mr. Linder, I am sure Mrs. Linder told you that I would never been back to the Linder family since then, didn't she? Now I have nothing to do with your family."
	Of course, when Rose knew that she was not Chandler's daughter, she would never deem the Linder family her own home. So that was why she tried to make a clear cut with them.
	Chandler was stunned and then frowned when looking at Joy who stood beside. It seemed that he was too awkward to say anything else.
	Though he felt annoyed, he still had to smile at Rose as they were now standing at the gate of the court, "Rose, after all, I am your mom. Just let it go. The Linder family will still be your home. And we are still your parents. Grandma really misses you recently. Let's go back home together, okay?"
	"Mr. Linder, Sophie, your daughter, has just been put into prison. If you miss your daughter, you can go to visit her." Rose still talked in a euphemistic tone as it was Joy who gave birth to her, "Sorry, I am busy. I am afraid I can't stay here with you."
	Then Rose left with Nora and the complaint and question of Chandler sounded from behind. But Rose had nothing to do with it.
	Both of them took a flight to get back to City J after having a meal. Rose still tried to spare enough time to pick up Doris after school.
	Now she only cared about those her beloved one and her friends, those who cared about her from the bottom of their hearts.
	As the lawsuit against Sophie was settled, the reputations of both of the Linder Group and the Tanner Group were heavily damaged because of her identity as the second daughter of the Linder family. Besides, Sky divorced her because of the fact that she cheated on him after marriage.
	But luckily, Sky divorced her. So the announcement of the divorce helped to stop them from getting more impacts.
	But the Linder Group was still trapped into deep trouble as Sophie was Chandler's family. So the Linder Group was still undertaking a great damage.
	So the Beach Hotel involved in a cooperation project with the Tanner Group was also being impacted greatly. According to the contract, if any party brought a damage to the mutual interest, the other party should have the right to expel the breaching one.
	So after that, the cooperation projected was ceased. And every cooperation involved was put to an end.
	Chandler was being questioned by all shareholders during the board meeting as it was a huge damage to the interest of all shareholders.
	Noticing that the group was now in a huge risk and was on the edge of collapse, Chandler was so desperate and powerless.
	If he failed to retrieve the confidence and morale of the whole group, it would be definitely taken over by another group.
	That was the last thing he wanted to see. After a long consideration, he decided to ask Bright for help.
	However, only Bright's secretary answered his call, who claimed that he was busy or he was on a business trip. So Chandler was left no chance to talk to him.
	Thinking of the indifference of Rose, Chandler assumed that Bright avoided seeing them on purpose. So he decided to go to City J to visit them in person.
	As soon as he reached City J, he came to the HY Group to ask for a talk to Bright.
	"Sorry, Mr. Linder, you haven't made an appointment with Mr. Lee beforehand." The front desk lady refused with euphemistic words.
	"I am the father-in-law of Mr. Lee! Do I need an appointment?" Chandler tried hard to suppress his anger and continued, "Even a front desk lady dares to question me?"
	"Mr. Linder, please don't be mad. We have rules in the company and nothing could go beyond the rules. Please don't try to get us into embarrassment. We are just doing things according to the rules here." The front desk lady still kept a smile on her face, "If you just want a private talk, you can go to Mr. Lee's home to visit Mrs. Lee."
	Of course, what she said was right. If Chandler insisted, he would be deemed aggressive.
	But Chandler was sure that Rose would definitely refuse to meet him. So it didn't work even if he came to the Ginkgo Villa.
	Even if he met Bright there, Rose would still stay beside and he was not sure if Rose would say something bad against him. So Chandler could not view her as his own daughter now. The best solution was to meet Bright alone.
	So he chose to compromise, "Well, can I have a talk to Bill, his assistant? I don't think that needs an appointment, right?"
	"Mr. Linder, unfortunately, Bill is now in an annual leave."
	Of course, the front desk lady was telling the truth. Since Bill had finished the work given by Bright and Rose also interceded, now Bill was enjoying a leave lasting for half a month. Perhaps Bill was bathing the sunlight on a beach while staring at pretty ladies at this moment.
	Chandler felt like being pushed to an edge. He found it terribly hard to meet Bright.
Chapter 503 My Dad Has Gone for Long!
	Chandler was so anxious but he still had to remain calm, "If I make an appointment now, when can I meet Mr. Lee?"
	"Well, if you make an appointment today, you will have chance to meet him half a month later." While speaking, the front desk lady checked the appointment schedule.
	'Half a month? The Linder Group will be doomed after that!'
	Chandler could never afford to wait for so long. He turned around to leave, looking worried.
	Seeing that, the front desk lady said to his back, "Mr. Linder, do you still need an appointment?"
	However, Chandler still hurried to leave as if he heard nothing. He then sat on his car and said to the chauffeur, "Take me to the house of Francis Lee."
	For him, that was his last hope. If he failed to meet Bright, he could only ask Bright's father for help.
	Chandler kept gasping on the way there. He still looked overcast when he reached the house of Francis.
	As he pressed on the ring button, the butler came over to receive him, "Hello sir, who are you?"
	"I am the father of Rose, the wife of Bright. I happen to go for a business trip in City J so I am here to visit Mr. Francis." While speaking, Chandler was also carrying some luxurious gifts.
	"Oh, glad to meet you, Mr. Linder. But Mr. Francis needs rest as he felt ill during the early winter. So he went to the hot spring vacation villa with Mrs. Francis." The butler said apologetically.
	Hearing that, he turned to be even colder than the chilling winter. He was rendered so desperate after encountering so many difficulties recently.
	Actually, he had been living a smooth life since he was born though his father once blamed him for marrying Joy. But Joy was pregnant at that time. So his father still admitted their marriage.
	But now he couldn't even meet his own daughter and his son-in-law. Even Francis had gone on vacation. The crisis of the Linder Group really sucked all his energy. Now he was rendered tired, dizzy and even a bit suffocated.
	"When they will be back? Can I go to visit them in the villa?" Chandler mustered up courage to ask.
	"Sorry, they won't be back until it gets warmer. Besides, Bright has an order that no guest is allowed to visit them." The butler said as Bright once told. Then he continued, "Mr. Linder, do you want to come in for a cup of hot tea?"
	"No, thanks." Chandler shook his head and left.
	Chandler then got back to his car. Though the car was equipped with heater, he still felt chilling cold all over.
	"Mr. Linder, where shall we go now?" The chauffeur saw from the mirror that Chandler leaned against the seat with his eyes closed. He looked exhausted.
	Chandler didn't answer. Nor did the chauffeur dare to ask more.
	After quite a while, Chandler told the chauffeur to take him to the Ginkgo Villa. Since he couldn't meet Bright in person, he had no choice but to wait beside his villa. He deemed that he might still have a chance.
	Of course, Bright was aware that Chandler was waiting outside the villa. So he still refused to meet him unless he got the permission from Rose. For Bright, he had dozens of ways to keep Chandler out of his sight.
	Even Joy came to the Ginkgo Villa herself to wait. Looking at Chandler's haggard face and bloodshot eyes, she felt so sorry for him.
	"You still haven't met Mr. Lee? Rose still doesn't want to see you?" Joy asked with tearful eyes.
	"That's all because of you!" Chandler grabbed her shoulder so hard that she even felt pain, "Sophie is good for nothing and she brings such a great impact on our family! Now Rose is the only one whom we can rely on! And only she could save us! Since now you are here, get to apologize to her face to face! Only when she forgives you can we have a chance to meet Bright. Only in that case could we bail out the Linder Group!"
	Joy frowned, "But Chandler, Rose doesn't even view us as her parents…She won't help us."
	"What? What did you say?" obviously, Chandler was rendered shocked and mad, "Now we are on the edge of collapse! Stop talking nonsense! Let me tell you, I am the father of Rose Linder! If you failed to dissipate her anger, I would definitely cut off all your financial support! If the group collapsed, you, the noble Mrs. Linder, would lose your prestigious life forever!"
	Chandler pushed her towards the well-decorated openwork iron gate, "Now, go to apologize to her face to face!"
	Half of her arm was rendered painful when she bumped onto the gate. She bit her lips hard so as to hold back her tears.
	At this moment, Peter came over with a black umbrella, "Mr. and Mrs. Linder, this way, please. Mrs. Lee is expecting you."
	Hearing that, Chandler hurried to grab the bar of the gate and turned to be thrilled, "Really?"
	When the gate was opened gradually, he finally realized that it was not a dream.
	Chandler and Joy went all the way through into the villa. Everything they saw really startled them. The Ginkgo Villa was exactly a fairyland instead of a mere manor as if the hosts living here were prince and princess.
	When they reached the house, Peter led them in and they entered the parlor after changing their shoes, where Rose was sitting opposite them, looking calm when seeing their arrival.
	"Rose…" Chandler called her name kindly.
	"Mr. Linder, please take a seat and have a cup of tea." Rose lifted up a glass of tea from the table and took a sip.
	Chandler felt chilled indeed. So he took a sip of the hot tea and said, "Rose, I am your father. Please don't address me as Mr. Linder. That really hurts me. I know that your mom has said harsh words to you and it hurt you. So I made her here apologize to you."
	Chandler gave Joy a tug, who still remained silent, hoping that she could apologize sincerely.
	"Apology isn't needed." Roes didn't care and continued, "I hope that both of you can stop pestering me from now on."
	"Rose, we are not pestering you! I am your dad! And my company is now facing a crisis. I just want to ask you and Bright for help. Besides, you will still inherit the Linder Group in the future. The damage of the group does no good to you!" Chandler couldn't help being anxious.
	"But it does no harm to me." Rose answered calmly, "I don't want the Linder Group. Just leave it to your daughter, Sophie Linder. I think she needs it better than me."
	"Rose, you…" Chandler tried hard to suppress his words to rebuke her for being heartless, "Sophie is no more qualified to be my daughter. If it weren't because of that idiot, the Linder Group would not have been in such a crisis! Believe me, you will be the only inheritor of the Linder Group. If you don't trust me, I can have my will drafted immediately. And I will make you the only one who can inherit all my property. So could you please ask Bright for help to bail dad out?"
	"Dad? Do you still deem yourself my dad? You should be aware that your only daughter is Sophie! My dad has gone for long!" Though Rose tried to hold back her anger, she still lost control when hearing that Chandler had been asking for help in the name of her father.
Chapter 504 You Only Love Yourself
	After Rose finished speaking, Joy's face became gloomier and her body was trembling.
	Rose had restrained herself from telling the truth because Joy was her mother, but she could not stand Chandler's repeated annoyance.
	"Chandler, let's go back. Rose never meddles in business affairs. How can she ask Bright? We'd better not ruin their relationship." Joy persuaded Chandler to leave, "I'll solve the problem with you, I'm sure we can get through it."
	After hearing what Rose said, it was not until Joy advised Chandler that he came back to his senses.
	"The Linder Group thrives thanks to several generations of painstaking efforts. Of course it is important!" Chandler looked at Joy angrily.
	"That's not what I meant." Joy didn't think too much before she blurted out.
	Chandler gently pushed Joy away and walked towards Rose, "What did you say? I am your Dad! I know you bear resentment towards us because of what happened five years ago. There is no longer a place for me in your heart, and I don't blame you. But you can't leave the Linder Group behind!"
	Chandler patted his chest, "I was wrong before. Give me a chance, Rose. I will definitely learn to be a good father. The Linder Group can only rely on you and Bright, please."
	"You're overstating things. I'm not annoyed with you." Rose remained indifferent, "Everything about the Linder Group and the Linder family has nothing to do with me. It's useless for you to beg me!"
	"How dare you! As a Linder, you have the responsibility to run the Linder family well. You can obviously save the Linder family, why are you being so cold? If the Linder family goes bankrupt, the ancestors of the Linder family will all be ashamed of us. Are you going to carry a charge of being ungrateful?" Chandler could only rebuke her majestically.
	Rose couldn't help but laugh sarcastically, "The one who should be ashamed is you."
	Joy hurriedly pulled Chandler, "Stop! You both need to calm down. Let's go back."
	If she didn't persuade Chandler to leave, Rose would tell the truth.
	Chandler pushed Joy's hand away and said to her fiercely, "Mind your own business!"
	He slammed Joy onto the sofa, and continued in angry vein, "You don't even recognize the Linder's ancestors after you married into the Lee family?"
	"I am not a descendant of the Linder family." Rose replied.
	"What did you say?" Chandler's eyes were red.
	Joy ran to Rose in a hurry, tears streaming down her face, "Rose, please stop!"
	Chandler pulled Joy over, "Tell me the truth right now!"
	"Fine. It's hard for me to keep it inside anyway!" Rose said.
	Joy shook her head to stop Rose, "Please don't, Rose! Just for the sake of mum, please."
	"What exactly are you hiding from me?" Chandler fastened his gaze on Joy, "Is she serious?"
	"No, she is your daughter." Joy affirmed.
	"Stop lying," Seeing Joy reluctant to tell the truth, Rose felt resentful for her real father, "Yes, I am not your daughter. My family name is Yin."
	Rose said the words that Joy did not dare to say.
	Suddenly, there was a deafening silence.
	Chandler stood in place. He could not accept this shocking information.
	"We are not a family any longer. From now on, my name is Rose Yin."
	"I don't believe it!" Chandler shook his head, not accepting such a reality.
	"You can't change that fact." Rose picked up a document that was placed next to her and put it on the coffee table, "This is our paternity test report."
	Chandler stared at the report and slowed down his steps.
	The report was taken away by Joy, and she tore it up in tears.
	Chandler grabbed the torn report and saw the final conclusion that they were not related by blood.
	"Bitch!" Chandler slapped Joy hard across the face, "You lied to me for over twenty years! You make me so embarrassed! I won't forgive you!"
	"I didn't mean to do it. I didn't know what to do at that time. I just wanted to be with you as soon as possible. Your father didn't like me, and I was afraid you might dump me." Joy knelt down and tugged the corner of Chandler's pants, "I love you too much. Please forgive me!"
	"Do you love me by cuckolding me?" Chandler laughed coldly, "You're terrible!"
	"No." Joy couldn't stand his harsh words.
	"That is the reason why she has been indifferent to me." Rose was sad when she thought of the past, "What's even more terrible is that she used me to force my father to die and marry you."
	"Joy, you don't love anyone but yourself. You only care about money. Love is a very sacred thing, please do not tarnish it. From now on, I have no more relations with the people of the Linder family."
	Chandler no longer had a reason to stay here. He turned around and left in despair. He hobbled, as if he had aged several years.
	Joy cried out in pain and looked at Rose, "Do you want to force me to die to avenge your father's death?"
	"You'd better live well and not go to the other world to wreak havoc on my father. My grandparents don't want to see you either. Let them be at peace." Rose's smile faintly.
	Joy was in pain and trembling.
	It was all over.
	Rose drank hot tea calmly.
Chapter 505 Where There is a Will, There is a Way.
	Bright took off his coat when he got home. Rose put it on the arm of the sofa.
	"It's snowing outside." Rose looked out the window at the falling snowflakes.
	"Yes." Bright pulled her to sit down, "Have things been settled?"
	Bright wanted to deal with Chandler personally, but Rose insisted on solving it herself.
	Bright had to agree, but only on the condition that she met the Linders at Ginkgo Villa. It was safe here.
	She asked Bright not to be at home until she had settled things.
	"Sure." Rose said, "I never have to contact them again."
	"You did it to keep them from bothering me and my father." Bright was very clear about it, "You don't have to do that. I can work it out."
	"I was right to tell the truth. I don't want to have the same last name as them. Don't call me by the wrong name, or you'll be punished." Rose rubbed Bright's lower chin with her finger.
	"Okay, I'll kiss you if I call you wrong once, and serve you in bed if I do it three times, what do you think?" Bright's long eyebrows were lightly raised.
	Rose pinched his lower jaw, "You can't kiss me if you call me wrong once, and sleep in the guest room once if you do it three times."
	"Honey." Bright suddenly called her in a soft voice.
	"'Honey' doesn't work." Rose seemed unyielding.
	"Honey." Bright called her again.
	"Doesn't work again." Rose still insisted.
	"No." Bright raised his lips, smiling inexplicably, "Then I'll call you baby."
	"..."
	She didn't expect that Bright would not address her directly.
	Okay, he won.
	She went to change her last name on her ID card and her household register.
	And she told her closest friends about the change of her name.
	Bright hesitated for a long time and finally decided to go back to the Lee family's villa for dinner and talk to Hallie on the weekend.
	Rose and Doris chatted with Francis, and Doris coaxed Francis into playing chess.
	"What's wrong?" Hallie and Bright were in the pantry room on the second floor.
	"You knew my brother before you married my father." Bright said directly.
	Hallie's face paled, "I don't know what you mean."
	"You used to love each other, and you broke up with him after you met my father." Bright continued.
	"Nonsense." Hallie became embarrassed, "Even if you don't like me, I'm still your dad's wife, you can't talk to me like that!"
	"I know you won't admit it, but it won't change the facts." Hallie's reaction was expected, "The matter of my brother jumping off the building is related to you."
	"Do you have proof?" Hallie glanced at Bright with her heart pounding.
	"You want proof? The doctor said that Marley's condition has improved, and there's a chance he'll wake up." Bright's composure contrasted with Hallie's apprehension.
	Hallie's clenched her hands, "If the doctor's words is believable, he would have woken up long ago. Don't accuse me. I put up with the matter about Zoe. Don't think I'm a pushover. I just don't want to get your father in a dilemma."
	"If so, you wouldn't have married my father with peace of mind after falling in love with my brother!" Bright said sharply, "Don't make yourself sound so noble. You know better than anyone the reason for marrying my father."
	"We love each other. I didn't force your father to marry me!" Hallie felt humiliated by Bright and her eyes turned red.
	Bright directly threw the folder he had brought back on the table, "Is this evident enough?"
	Hallie looked at the folder and did not open it at first.
	She clenched her hands.
	"If you don't want to read it, then I'll show it to my father." Bright was going to get the folder.
	Hallie grabbed the folder on the coffee table and clutched it in her hand.
	She opened it after she calmed down and there were some photos of her and Marley inside.
	"How did you get these photos?" Hallie's voice trembled lightly.
	"It was indeed hard to find." Bright remained calm, "Do you still deny having a romantic relationship with Marley?"
	Hallie lowered her eyelids and pursed her lips. If she continued to deny it, Bright would tell Francis everything and she wouldn't be able to stay here.
	What about her daughter? What would Stefan think of her?
	"Did you push him?" Bright only wanted to know the truth.
	Hallie held the document tightly, her fingertips poking the edges of the paper, but she bit her lip and didn't say anything.
	"I'll know it sooner or later even if you don't tell me. I've never given up on finding the truth about Marley's jumping from the building. Since I can find out this, the truth is just a matter of time. I have plenty of time and patience, but by then I won't be so merciful." Bright gave Hallie a chance. "Francis can make you tell the truth."
	"No." Hallie painfully called out to Bright, "Don't tell Francis."
	"Are you afraid of being kicked out by Francis? Or are you afraid that he will kill you?" Bright said sarcastically.
	"Francis is not in good health. He'll collapse." Hallie looked at Bright expectantly.
	"Then tell me." Bright forced Hallie to tell the truth.
Chapter 506 It Is a Release to Tell the Truth
	Staring at Bright's grim look, Hallie was so nervous that she firmly grasped her clothes. The creases on her clothes indicated her nervousness.
	'What will happen if I tell the truth?'
	Bright definitely would kick her out of the Lee family, since Marley was the brother that he admired the most. But, in his mind, she had hurt his brother and married his father with an ulterior motive.
	"What? Do you still not want to tell the truth? Are you thinking how to make up an excuse?" Bright had lost his patience, seeing Hallie keeping her mouth shut. "You are straining my patience. This is the only chance. Don't hesitate. I won't give you another chance if I change my mind!"
	Bright kept staring at her, as if he was seeing through her.
	Hallie shivered when she met his eyes as cold as ice.
	"I...I can tell you the truth, but please don't tell your father and don't put Zoe and Stefan in a difficult situation." Hallie didn't want to get her children into trouble.
	"You can't bargain with me." Bright laughed about her ridiculous request. "But I won't lay a finger on them for your fault. I won't do anything to them if you play it straight."
	Hallie felt relieved when hearing his words.
	Pressing her chest and trying to repress her pain, she said slowly, "I didn't...push Marley. He jumped from the building on his own... And it's true."
	She stared at Bright seriously, showing her honesty.
	"What do you take me for? What do you take my brother for? He jumped from the building himself? I don't buy it. It seems that you won't tell the truth until I show you what I can do!" Bright didn't believe Hallie's words. He grabbed the folder and turned away without taking a look at her.
	"It's true that he jumped himself. But I did have something to do with his suicide." Hallie didn't stop Bright but kept saying, "That day, we had a fight. I told your brother to let go of the past and live on. After all, a woman like me doesn't deserve his affection and an excellent man like him deserves a better wife and a better future.
	But he kept pushing me. You know? I married your father. I didn't have the chance to regret. Your father treats me well and I don't regret marrying him. Your brother asked me why I didn't believe he could give me everything that Francis gave me and why I didn't believe he could bring me happiness.
	Deep inside, I know he is an excellent and competent man. He is the son that your father values the most. I'm only a divorced woman with a child. I'm ten years older than him. The gap between him and me are not only status but also age.
	I don't have faith in myself. Your father wouldn't agree on his marrying a woman like me. Even if we got married, he will still be young when I get old. I wouldn't know how to live on my own if anything bad happened to our marriage. Besides, I didn't know Marley is Francis's son when I first met him.
	I admit that I wanted a stabler life so that my daughter and I could live more easily at that time. Your father is older than me. He gives me a sense of security that your brother couldn't give. It's useless even if your brother truly loved me.
	I was young at that time. But when I get old... My mind was totally a mess and I said impulsively to your brother that I wouldn't marry him unless he jumped from the building. Actually, I blurted the words out in an angry rush. I never had the thought to marry him. I just wanted him to give up.
	I've already been his stepmother. It would be a joke if he married me. I thought he would give up rationally. I never expected he would jump from the building..." Hallie choked with sobs. Pain and regret were the only emotions she could feel.
	She was trying to hold back her tears, but she failed. Tears kept streaming down her face.
	She wiped the tears, because she didn't want Bright to think that she was pretending to be sad.
	"I know you don't believe it, but it's the truth." Hallie continued, "I regretted as soon as he jumped. I regretted saying that! I never thought he would be so irrational. He has been lying in bed in the hospital for many years. I felt guilty and scared, so I didn't visit him a lot.
	I don't know how to face him or what to tell him. It's too late. Though I didn't push him, I was the reason that he jumped. I pray every day, hoping your brother can wake up. I also worship at the temple every month. I want to apologize to him when he wakes up...
	I never want him dead because I loved him. I didn't have faith in myself, which led to our break-up. I tried to refuse him, but it wasn't easy to be immune to his charm. I wanted to have a shoulder to lean on when I felt tired.
	It was my fault being so greedy. I wanted both bread and love. Bright, I know you look down upon me. I look down upon myself too. Now that you know the truth, I will take the blame and leave the family."
	Hearing her out, Bright had mixed feelings. "It's true that you didn't push my brother. But he has been lying on the bed for years because of you. You've ruined his life. I can't forgive you. It's best for you to leave."
	Bright left after saying that.
	'That is the answer I want?'
	'My brother was such a loser that he was so irresponsible for his life just because of a woman who didn't deserve his love.'
	Marley could have a release by jumping from the building. But what he did left the pain to those who loved him. It was so hurtful.
	Hallie gave loose to tears and started wailing after he left.
	She knew this day would come sooner or later. She didn't cry for having to leave the Lee family and losing all she had got. Instead, she cried because she finally felt a sense of release. She had set herself free.
Chapter 507 A Miracle Happens
	The next day after Hallie told the truth about Marley's accident, Marley miraculously woke up.
	Bright was the first to be notified. He was in a meeting at that time. When the secretary told him the news, Bright terminated the meeting, asked the vice president to chair it instead of him, and then hurriedly left the conference room under the surprised eyes of everyone.
	He called Rose. The hospital had also notified Ginkgo Villa. So, Rose was on her way there. They made an appointment to meet at the hospital.
	Bright did not tell Francis. He knew better than anyone the things between Francis, Marley and Hallie. Marley just woke up. If Francis showed up, Bright was afraid it would irritate Marley.
	But he also knew that the hospital might notify Francis. He had no reason to stop a father to see his son.
	He had to go to the hospital first and act according to circumstances.
	Bright was serious as he stepped on the accelerator. The car sped even faster.
	Bright arrived at the hospital first and went straight to Marley's ward, where there was a doctor examining Marley.
	Bright stood at the door, quietly and patiently waiting for the doctor.
	During his wait, Rose also arrived at the hospital and saw Bright standing at the door of the ward. She could see him at a glance in the crowded corridor.
	Bright turned and saw Rose. He walked toward her, and she also rushed to him.
	"Take care." Bright grabbed her hands.
	"Is Marley okay? What did the doctor say? What do we need to watch for?" Rose asked several questions at one go before she could catch her breath.
	Bright helped her sit on a bench in the corridor first, holding her hands tightly, "The doctor is still checking for Marley inside. There will be results after the check."
	"It's great that Marley woke up." Rose was happy for Bright from the bottom of her heart, "It's so nice and satisfying. Bright, you must be happy, right?"
	Bright rubbed her fingers with his, "Yes. But I'm also a little worried."
	Rose took his hand, her eyes serious, "Are you worried that Marley will be irritated while seeing Dad and Hallie?"
	Bright nodded. There were no secrets between him and Rose. He had already told her the truth.
	"In fact, Marley knew that Dad and Hallie married before he was in the coma. He would do so because he was too impulsive at that time. Now that he is delivered from a great danger and wakes up, I think he must have thought about it and is willing to let go during the years he's been sleeping. So, he wakes up now. Don't worry too much." Rose reached out to stroke the Bright's eyebrows, "Look at you. It is not good to see Marley with this gloomy look now."
	"Let's not mention these sensitive people and things. We can just tell Marley some happy things, like you are married and have a daughter. I will ask Doris to come to see him. With a child there, the atmosphere will be nice. Marley will not have the energy to think about other things." Rose thought about the solution, "I'm here. I hope Marley will like me as his sister-in-law."
	Bright raised Rose's fingers to his thin lips and kissed them, "Marley will love the person I chose."
	At this point, the doctor walked out of Marley's ward. Bright and Rose immediately got up to greet him.
	"Doctor, how is Marley doing?" Bright restrained his excitement, wanting to know Marley's current condition as soon as possible. The more details the better.
	"Mr. Bright, it is a miracle Mr. Marley can wake up. I just did a preliminary check just now. He had been in a coma for so many years. Even if he wakes up now, he cannot be completely as normal as he was. His body functions are all degraded. He may now only be able to blink and move his fingers, but unable to say anything or do some large movements, such as moving about...
	It will take a long time for him to get back to what he used to be. It will be very difficult. Sometimes, the effect may be very little after a few years. But as long as he sticks to it, he will certainly be better and better. As his family, you must be prepared for it. If you guys do not give up, then the patient will hold on."
	"OK, I see." Bright accepted what the doctor said. After all, it was lucky enough for them that Marley could wake up. As for the rest, they could not be impatient.
	"I am going to arrange a complete examination for Mr. Marley in the next two days and know his current condition more deeply. I will let you know when I have the results." The doctor said.
	"So can we go in and see him now?" Rose asked.
	"Go ahead. It is good to talk to him more and move his joints." The doctor then left.
	Rose held Bright's hand to take him inside, but felt his hand shaking gently.
	Bright had never been afraid of anything. But he was a little afraid at this moment. His excellent brother was now as weak and ignorant as a baby.
	This was not the Marley that Bright remembered. Marley was high-spirited and warm, not so weak and ignorant in Bright's eyes.
	This difference was indeed a little difficult for Bright to accept. He needed to prepare for it.
	Even Bright felt it difficult to accept it, let alone Marley. Could he accept himself like this?
	"No matter what he looks like, he is our brother. Bright, the doctor said Marley has a chance to recover. Let's cheer him on." Rose reached out a finger to poke the corners of his mouth, "Smile."
	Bright pulled her hand down and held it, "Let's go."
	Bright took Rose into the room. The nurse was regulating the fluids for Marley and left when she saw Bright come.
	Bright walked to the hospital bed steadily.
	"Marley..." Bright swallowed as he called out Marley.
	Marley did not move and only rolled his eyes gently. When he saw Bright, his eyes dilated and his fingers trembled.
	He opened his mouth to say something. But since he had slept for a long time, he still could not say anything now.
	Bright grasped Marley's hand with red eyes, "Marley, it's Bright. How do you feel? You just wake up and have not fully recovered. So, you may not be able to move or speak, but can hear me clearly. Marley, don't worry. The doctor said that as long as you insist on positive rehabilitation, you can recover to, you can recover."
	Marley did not get excited after hearing this. His eyes were slightly moist.
	"Marley, there is one thing I have told you when you were in a coma. I'll tell you again now that you're awake." Bright asked Rose to come over, "Marley, this is Rose, my wife."
Chapter 508 Give You a Chance to Have No Regret
	Marley looked at Rose and tried to smile. Although it was a little stiff, Rose felt his kindness.
	"Marley, nice to meet you." Rose smiled softly, "I have come to see you many times with Bright and spoken to you. He has told me a lot about you. We are happy to see you wake up today."
	"Yes. Marley, take good care of your health and love yourself from now on, okay?" Bright held Marley's hand tightly.
	Marley had mixed feelings inside. But his eyes were gloomy. It seemed that he did not care about his health at all.
	Seeing Marley like this, Bright was unhappy, "Marley, I am here. Everything will be okay."
	"Marley, Bright and I have a daughter. She is five years old. You have not met her. She's very cute. We'll bring her to see you when she has the weekend off. In fact, she has come to see you while you were sleeping and knows you are a great uncle. When you get better, Bright and I will take you home. With Doris and us to talk to you, you will not be bored." Rose mentioned Doris to attract Marley's attention. He had never seen Doris and might be interested in her.
	Marley's eyes suddenly lit up with surprise. It could tell from his eyes that he wanted to meet Doris and wanted to know what this lovely niece was like.
	"Marley, do you want to see Doris?" Bright also felt Marley's thoughts, "I'll bring her to talk to you some day."
	Marley nodded slightly, but both Bright and Rose saw it.
	It was a good thing that Marley wanted to see Doris. It meant he was still attached and wouldn't ignore his health too much.
	At that moment, there was a sound from the door of the ward. Bright and Rose turned around and saw Francis and Stefan. Hallie did not come here.
	This made Bright relaxed.
	"Is Marley really awake?" Francis was a little apprehensive on the way. He was afraid he had heard wrong.
	"Dad, Marley is indeed awake." The one who answered him was Rose.
	Rose came forward and helped Francis. He walked haltingly and came to sit down on the chair beside the bed.
	"Marley, you're finally awake. I have been looking forward to it for years. Today, I am happy to see you wake up." Francis said with tears in his eyes, because they had waited too hard for this day.
	Marley could only speak with his eyes.
	Bright then said to Francis, "Dad, Marley is happy too."
	"Good..." Francis nodded repeatedly, holding Marley's hand and patting it gently, "Marley, since you are awake, take good care of your health in the future. I'm looking forward to climbing mountains with you."
	Marley blinked gently twice to agree.
	Francis was very excited and could not hold back his tears anymore. Tears fell down.
	"Dad, we should be happy since Marley wakes up." Bright held Francis' shoulder lightly.
	"Yes. I just can't help it. It's too hard for us to have him back." Francis had been doing business for many years. But when he faced his sons, he would be soft no matter how strong he was.
	"Dad, everything will be better and better in the future." Rose also took tissues to him.
	Francis wiped his tears and did not want to worry Marley, "Marley, have a good rest."
	"Marley, it's Stefan," Stefan also interjected, "Marley, Mom was going to come to see you too. But she was sick. She'll see you when she's well. Please don't mind."
	Marley's face changed for a moment when he heard Stefan mention his mother.
	Bright said to Stefan, "Stefan, it is okay you come to see him instead of her."
	Francis stayed with Marley for more than two hours before he left with Stefan.
	Only Bright and Rose stayed with Marley in the ward. When the night went dark, they repeatedly told the doctors and nurses to take care of Marley before leaving.
	When they were back to Ginkgo Villa, Doris was already asleep.
	Rose took a shower and talked to Nora on the phone, "Nora, you know what? Bright's brother is awake. We're all very happy. Bright respects him the most. So, that's a relief for him. How are you doing?"
	"I've been so busy that I can't think about anything." Nora was so tired that she fell asleep soon, so that she didn't have time to think about people or things she shouldn't care about.
	"How busy can you be as a pregnant woman?" Rose laughed at her.
	"Nathan is such a scum. I'll definitely get rid of him for the people and put him in prison this time." Nora gritted her teeth in hatred, "The more evidence the better. I really can't wait to see what his arrogant face looks like when he cries."
	"The Mills family is not a family to be trifled with. Be careful with yourself and the baby. Safety is the most important thing." Rose reminded her. After all, it was not wise to go against the Mills family. Many people were not brave enough to do such a thing.
	"I know. I'm not a child anymore. I'll take care of myself." Nora reached out and touched her rounded belly, "Rose, it feels so good to be a mother. The little life in my belly is so close to me. It is a feeling I have thought I would never know in my life. Now I only want to give birth to the baby safely and take good care of it."
	"Once a woman becomes a mother, her child will come first. When the child is born, there will be more for you to worry about." Rose also remembered how hard she was when she got pregnant.
	She hid from everyone like a thief. No one could help her share the pressure of being pregnant and having a baby. If it wasn't for the child in her belly, she didn't know how she could survive.
	When Bright came out of the bathroom, he saw Rose leaning against the bed and holding her cell phone. There were tears on her face.
	"Why are you crying? Are you uncomfortable?" Bright walked to the bed and pressed his palm against her forehead.
	"No." Rose shook her head, "Nora said the baby would recognize me as a godmother after it was born. I just suddenly think it's really hard for a woman to be pregnant and have a baby."
	"Are you blaming me for not being with you when you were pregnant?" Bright was acute.
	"No." Rose's eyes were slightly starry and clear, "I just feel sorry. But you and I were strangers at that time. No one expected that we would be together in this lifetime."
	"If you had known you would be my wife after all, you should not have run away." Bright's voice was charming.
	"So you are blaming me now?" Rose raised her eyebrows.
	"If you were given a chance to have no regret, would you accept it?"
	"What do you mean?" Time couldn't possibly start over.
	"Let's give Doris a brother or sister. This time, I will be with you all the time and listen to you..." Bright's eyes were deep. He approached and kissed on her lips.
	Rose took the initiative to wrap his neck with her arms. He pressed down, and they lay on the soft bed.
	It was a hazy and pleasant night.
Chapter 509 If Only Nothing Has Happened
	It was still dark now. Marley woke up and was clear.
	He kissed Rose on her cheek, "I'll go see Marley before I go to work. The driver will take you and Doris to school today."
	Rose was tickled by his kiss and a little awake, "I'll go with you."
	"It is so early now." Bright looked at the time. It was only 5:30. Rose was usually sleeping soundly at this time.
	"It's not like I've never been up early before. Don't look down on me." Rose wrapped her arms around his neck and opened her eyes, "Now that Marley has just woken up, he needs the company of his family. You're so busy at work. Just leave it to me. I will take care of him."
	"What could a man ask for with a wife like you?" Bright sighed.
	"Don't be too happy. If you dare to treat me badly, I will tell Marley and let him teach you a lesson." Rose had a proud smile on her face.
	"How dare I?" Bright cupped her tiny chin, "I will only be good to you in this life."
	Rose pursed her lips and was a little shy, smiling lightly.
	"Let's get up and go see Marley." Rose pushed him away and lifted the cover to get up.
	Bright also hurried to get up, easily wrapped around her thin waist with his strong long arms, and brought her into his arms.
	"What are you doing?" Rose was surrounded by his hormones and her heart was racing.
	Bright kissed her on the lips hotly and fiercely.
	When they cleaned up and went downstairs, it was already after six o'clock.
	They ate breakfast and drove straight to the hospital.
	On their way to the hospital, there was someone who arrived before them.
	Hallie gently pushed the door into Marley's ward.
	Marley was lying in bed with his eyes tightly closed.
	She approached slowly step by step and stood by the bedside, looking at Marley's pale skin which had a long absence of sunlight, and thin face. He was not as bright as before.
	Hallie looked at Marley with mixed emotions. Tears welled up in her eyes and moistened the corners of them.
	"Marley, I'm sorry." Hallie apologized, "I did not have the courage to come to see you with everyone. I can only choose a time when no one is there to talk to you alone. Marley, I know my apology can't bring you back or change things.
	I just want to say sorry to you in person, so that I can feel better. In fact, during the years you were in a coma, I have been suffering all the time. I knew I had ruined you. I just thought you would back off after I said that. But I never expected it would have such serious consequences.
	You are so smart. Why did you gamble with your life? You could have had a better future. Now that you're awake, I'm relieved. I know that my sins cannot be eliminated. So, I will leave the Lee family. I can't change anything by doing this. But this is what I should bear.
	Take good care of yourself in the future. I believe that you will recover soon and still be excellent and charming. Marley, goodbye..."
	Hallie gently looked at Marley's face while Marley slowly opened his eyes and met her gaze.
	Hallie was shocked. Her eyes dilated and her lips trembled, "You ... you're awake?"
	Marley just stared at her.
	"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have bothered you. I just wanted to say sorry to you in person. I'm sorry..."
	"What are you doing!" Bright's voice came with anger, "How can you come?"
	Hallie turned to look at Bright, who was approaching, and Rose, who was following him, "Bright, Rose ... I ... I just..."
	"Do you want to irritate him? What exactly do you want?" Bright rebuked Hallie, "I've been kind enough to you. Don't try to hurt Marley again!"
	"I didn't. I just want to apologize to him." Hallie said honestly.
	"Apologize? What's the point of apologizing?" Bright was very unfriendly to Hallie and pointed to the door of the ward, "Please go out now and never appear in front of Marley again! Go!"
	Hallie's eyes were red. She bit her lip, "I'm sorry to bother you."
	She turned and rushed away wretchedly.
	"Calm down and stay with Marley while I check on Ms. Hallie," Rose said, patting Bright's shoulder.
	Now, Hallie was very unstable. Rose was also afraid that something would happen.
	Rose then chases out and stopped Hallie, "Ms. Hallie, please wait for a moment."
	Hallie turned around and looked at Rose with tears in eyes, "Sorry. I shouldn't have shown up."
	"Bright cares about Marley too much. So, his words were a little harsh. Please don't mind." Rose spoke for Bright.
	"I know. I won't blame him at all. It's all my fault." Hallie kept blaming herself.
	"Let's have a walk and talk." Rose then stepped alongside her toward the hospital's small garden.
	There was joy and sorrow in Hallie's eyes, "In fact, I feel relieved that he woke up."
	Rose said, "We're all happy that Marley is awake."
	"Rose, you know about it already, right?" Hallie looked at her, "You must think that I am a selfish and vain woman. I can even live my life in peace after destroying the excellent Marley."
	"Ms. Hallie, don't say that." Rose shook her head.
	"Rose, you know what? I regret and blame myself every day. If I had handled it better, maybe it wouldn't have happened. But there's no if in the world. It's too late for me to say anything now." Hallie looked down.
	"I understand. I won't comment on your choice, because I'm not a party to it. I'm just a bystander. But now that Marley has woken up, you don't need to blame yourself too much. If you really feel guilty, then think about how you can make up for the mistakes you've made from today. There's no point in remorse." Rose took out a piece of tissue from the box of tissues in her pocket and handed it to Hallie.
	Hallie took it and wiped away the tears from her eyes, "Yes, you're right. Thank you."
	"Ms. Hallie, let me know if you need anything. I'll try my best to help you." Rose wanted to do what she could.
	"Thank you, Rose," Hallie took her hand and put it in her palm, looking at her with sincere and gentle eyes, "Bright is so lucky that he married you."
	"No, Ms. Hallie. I should be the lucky one." These were Rose's sincere words.
	Hallie lightly smiled.
	If only nothing had happened!
Chapter 510 You Must Cure Him
	In the ward, Bright was soothing his brother Marley.
	"Marley, are you all right? I didn't expect her to come here at such an early time." Bright was holding Marley's hand and he felt remorse, "I'm sorry that I didn't make sure the nurse to take good care of you and keep that woman away from you. Don't worry. I will have two guards watch the door from now on so that she will never be able to come here again. Those who would disturb you would not be able to get in here without my permission."
	Marley saw the worry in his brother's eyes. With a mild expression on the face, he curled up his lips slightly to show Bright that he was fine.
	His moved his finger to write laboriously in the palm of Bright's hand. Bright felt the writing quietly with his eyes fixed on the subtle movements.
	"You said that you are fine." Bright got the meaning quickly.
	Marley nodded slightly.
	He knew in his heart that things couldn't get any worse now, and he didn't need to take it too serious.
	For Hallie came to apologize to him, he really did not give a shit about it anymore.
	Maybe it was because that he was in a coma for too long, so long that his strong feelings for her had already died down.
	"It is good that you are all right." Bright pursed his lips. "Marley, I have investigated why you jumped off the building since you were in the coma. Until recently, I finally found out about the matter between you and her. I did not mean to invade your privacy. I just want to know the truth."
	"All the evidence I found pointed to Hallie, so I forced her to tell me the truth by threating her that I would tell the whole thing to Dad otherwise. She said you jumped because she told you that she would never marry you unless you jumped. Then you really jumped for what she said. Marley, is this true? She was not lying?"
	Now that Marley was awake, it was easy to know what really happened back then.
	Marley looked into Bright's eyes and then moved his fingertips in his palm to scribble a vague "Yes".
	"So she didn't lie to me." There was no confusion for Bright anymore. On second thought, he confirmed with Marley, "Marley, you didn't fool me just now because you feel pity for her and try to protect her, right?"
	Marley shook his head as the answer.
	"Marley, how could you be such a fool at that time?" Bright heaved a sigh. "She and Dad had already been married. Couldn't you see that she said the words out of anger and she was trying to make you give it up? Were you really so foolish that you tried to prove something by jumping?
	The dice was cast. How could she divorce Dad and marry you again? In fact, you understood it yourself. You just couldn't accept it at that time and you were mad, so... Marley, life is precious, and there is nothing more important than life.
	Well, it is enough talking about it. I'm relieved that you finally came around. I will find the best doctor to make a recovery plan for you, and you will get better gradually. Then we will climb a mountain together as before, and see who gets to the top first this time."
	Marley nodded with a smile on his face.
	Later, when Rose came back here, what she saw was the beautiful picture of the two brothers smiling at each other.
	She stepped over and said, "Marley, you look good today."
	"He is getting better day by day." Bright said. "I have asked my secretary to send two bodyguards here. I can't let the same things happen again."
	As an outsider, Rose couldn't do anything about it and she just put her hand on Bright's shoulder and gave it a gentle press.
	She had been hurt by her family, so she understood Marley's feelings very well.
	Marley moved his fingertip in the palm of Bright's hand again, though he only wrote three words, it took quite a bit of time.
	"Don't blame her." Bright read his brother's words. "Marley, you are so kind. Well, if even you don't blame her, what reason do I have for not forgiving her?"
	Although he disliked Hallie from the bottom of his heart and he couldn't get over what she had done to Marley, what could he do about it?
	"All right, I don't blame her. I blame you." Bright could only let it go. "The only thing you should do now is take good care of yourself and get better. Don't worry about anything else."
	Bright glanced at the time and knew he should go to work now.
	"Marley, Rose and I are going to work, and we will come to see you after work." Bright tucked the quilt for Marley.
	Marley blinked and he felt a little tired now.
	"Then have a good rest."
	Then they left Marley's ward. And before the bodyguards arrived, they told the attending doctor and nurse in charge, "I don't want any other people come to disturb my brother. I will send two bodyguards over here. And no one is allowed to visit my brother without my permission. If the same thing happens again, I will transfer my brother to another hospital."
	"Mr.…Mr. Lee, but it was Ms. Hallie and we couldn't stop her." The doctor and nurse were nervous.
	"The bodyguards would inform me in case of such matter from now on. What you need to do is cure my brother. As long as he can recover, I would pay you well." Bright had long made up his mind that he would make Marley recover and stand up again no matter what the price was.
	"Sure, sure."
	No one could come to Marley without permission with the guards standing at the door.
	On the third day, all the test results of Marley came out.
	The doctor asked Bright to the office. There was the serious expression on the doctor's face, and he even felt the chills while cold sweats spread on his forehead.
	"The test results of Mr. Lee is… not very well."
	"What do you mean? Just put it straightforwardly." The doctor did not dare to look into Marley's sharp gaze.
	"Mr. Lee had been in a coma for such a long time, it is a miracle that he came around. Although he woke up and regained his consciousness, his bodily functions don't work well, and his organs are failing, as if the lamp is running out of the fuel…" The doctor's voice trailed off. "You and your family should be mentally prepared."
	Bright looked at him with sharp eyes and his gaze on the doctor was cold and biting, "What are you talking about? What do you mean of mentally prepared? Isn't everything okay since my brother had woken up? Why would it turn out to be like this? Why all of his organs are failing, as if the lamp is running out of the fuel?"
	"We... We have no idea about the reason, and we're still trying to figure it out." The doctor even did not dare to take a breath. "In my opinion, perhaps it is not a miracle that Mr. Lee woke up, but it may be what we call as 'borrowed time'…That explains why he suddenly woke up and has been in good spirits. And then...then he may leave suddenly…"
	"Shut up!" Bright was so angry, his face darkened and he couldn't endure the bad news, "I do not want to hear the nonsense! You'll cure him! Do you hear me? No matter how much it costs and what the price is, you must cure him! Otherwise, you know that you cannot bear the consequences!"
Chapter 511 I Am Good for Nothing
	Everyone knew how tough and ruthless Bright was, and those who dare to fight him all came to no good.
	The doctor turned pale with fear and he begged.
	"Mr. Lee, please calm down. We fully understand your feelings, but the case of your brother is very special. It's the first time we've encountered such a case, and... and..." The doctor paused and wiped the sweat on his forehead. "Mr. Lee's body is failing like the withering flower. It is irreversible..."
	"I told you to cut the crap!" Bright said coldly, "Since you can't cure him, then I can only transfer him to another hospital."
	"Mr. Lee, even if you transfer him to another hospital, he wouldn't get better. The doctor persuaded Bright, not wanting him to waste his efforts. "No one is able to cure him now. The best thing you can do now is spend more time with him while he is still conscious and let him spend his last days happily…"
	"That's enough! I don't want to hear it anymore! If you say one more word, I will make you dumb!" Bright grabbed the doctor by the collar and refused to listen to another word, because he felt like his heart was breaking with each of those words.
	"Bright, what are you doing?" When Rose arrived, she saw that he was grabbing the doctor with one hand while he had clenched the other hand into fist. It looked like he was going to punch the doctor in the next second.
	The doctor turned to look at Rose as if she was his life saver.
	"Bright, let him go." Rose stepped forward and pulled down Bright's hand from the doctor.
	Only then did Bright let go of the doctor, and was pulled back by Rose, but his anger and hostility was still raging inside.
	The doctor felt his neck was relaxed again after he was freed, but he still reached out his hand and loosened his tie.
	"Why are you doing this to the doctor?" Rose knew that it was not like Bright to do such things to a doctor without reason. "What's wrong?"
	Bright clenched his fist and gritted his teeth, and he still couldn't accept what the doctor had told him just now.
	"Mrs. Lee, please have a talk with Mr. Lee. There is nothing we can do now." The doctor was very embarrassed and had to seek help from Rose.
	All of them could see Bright's deep love for this woman, and only she was able to make him calm down.
	"Doctor, what are you talking about? What do you mean that there is nothing you can do? You confused me." Rose was confused, "Doctor, can you make it clear? Is something wrong?"
	"There were only a few days left for Marley, according to his physical condition… The doctor could only repeat the bad news again.
	Hearing what the doctor said, Rose felt every word was like a joke to them.
	"This... how is it possible?" Rose's face also became solemn, "Marley just woke up and he is all right now. Are you sure that you haven't made a mistake about it?"
	"We hope that it was just a mistake, and we examined his body repeatedly. Although it is very hard for you to accept it, it is truth. We dare not lie to you." The doctor didn't expect that Marley's physical condition was so bad after he woke up.
	"I know that you have been waiting so long for him to wake up, and you just saw there was hope. Then the whole thing changed. I understand how you feel, but sadness won't do any good now. You'd better think about how to make him spend his last days happily and leave without regrets."
	"Get out! Get out now!" Bright roared.
	The doctor shook his head with a sigh and quickly left his own office, and left only Rose to stay there and hoped she could talk to Bright to make him calm down.
	With tremendous pain, Bright propped his hands on the edge of the desk, so hard that the knuckles turned white.
	He stood there with his head down. His hair cast a shadow on his face.
	Rose knew that Bright must be bearing tremendous pain at the moment. Just like when she heard the bad news of her grandfather at that time, she couldn't accept it either. How she wished it was only a bad dream back then.
	Rose stood beside Bright, held out her hand to hug him, and remained silent.
	She knew that he would prefer quietness now and needed time to calm himself down.
	Bright took the initiative to hold Rose in his arms, and he buried his face in her neck. His face couldn't be seen, let alone his expression.
	Rose's palm was gently stroking back and forth on his back, trying to ease away his pain.
	They hugged each other and stood quiet for a long while.
	"Honey, I am really good for nothing, right? Marley has woken up, but still I am not able to save him." Bright said hoarsely and there was a trace of sadness and his helplessness for the reality in his deep and dull voice.
	He was rich and powerful and he was somebody in the city. However, he was not able to keep Marley, the elder brother he respected, to live a good life.
	"Don't blame yourself and it's not your fault." Rose whispered softly in his ear. "You should know that you are just an ordinary man, your ability is limited and you are not omnipotent. You've try your best. You're a good brother. But sometimes the world is cruel, maybe this is the fate."
	"But I just can't accept it! Marley is still so young and he is so excellent. It is so unfair." Bright raised his face from Rose's neck, and his eyes were so dark. "I can't give up and I will try my best to save him no matter what."
	It seemed like there was fire burning in his eyes and he was strong and determined.
	"Well, no matter what decision you make, I am on your side. And I will be with you no matter where you go, just like you used to be stay by my side. I will stay with you forever. Rose raised her hand and caressed his face.
	When grandpa was seriously ill, it was he who had stayed by her side and made her get through those difficult times.
	Now that he had encountered the same thing as her, she would stay with him.
	"I am going to send the test results to more authoritative experts at home and abroad." Bright picked up the test results on the table.
	"Okay."
	After making the decision, Bright took photos of all the test results of Marley, and then sent them to the authoritative doctors in major hospitals by email, hoping to get a positive answer from even just one doctor.
	Then he made a lot of phone calls to those doctors. He made good use of his identity so that those doctors would read the test results as quickly as possible and gave him a reply.
	"Stop thinking about it now, you should wait patiently for the reply." Rose tidied up his coat for him. "Stop acting like this when you go to see Marley later, otherwise he would definitely think that I bullied you."
	"Marley won't think it that way." Bright hold her fingertip to his mouth and gave it a gentle kiss. And he looked at her with tenderness, "Darling, I want to stay with Marley in the hospital for a couple of days."
Chapter 512 Did the Princess's Kiss Wake up the Prince
	Bright spoke his mind. Although he didn't believe the doctor's words, he was still afraid that Marley would disappear suddenly as if the lamp ran out of fuel like the doctor said. Then he couldn't forgive himself for not being with Marley in his last days.
	"I told you that I would be on your side no matter what decision you make." Rose understood his feelings very well, because she had been having a very difficult time when her grandpa passed away due to illness. "You can spend some time with Marley here, and I'll take care of everything of the family."
	"I think I would have to ask Bill to end his vacation and come back to work. There are a lot of works for him to do and I could only trust him." Holding hands, they walked out of the doctor's office.
	The doctor waiting outside sighed with relief after seeing they came out and the expression on Bright's face softened and was no longer as cold as ice. Mrs. Lee always managed to calm Mr. Lee down.
	"Bill waited for so long and he finally had a holiday. He has just enjoyed it for a few days and you ask him to come back to work now? You thought Bill hasn't done his work well enough before, and now you finally realize how importance he is for you?" Rose talked with Bright while they walked toward Marley's ward.
	"Darling, do you still remember who your husband is? How could you be on the side with the outsider?" Bright furrowed his brows.
	"I'm just telling the truth." Rose patted his chest lightly with her hand, "So you should be kinder to Bill. If Bill can't bear you anymore and quit, what are you going to do about it?"
	"How dare he?" Bright was confident.
	"Who says that he has to work for you for a lifetime? Perhaps he would establish his own company one day?" Rose smiled. "Mr. Lee, you are so bossy."
	"I'll let him go if he wants to establish his own company. But if he dares to go to another company, it wouldn't be that easy. However, I believe that he wouldn't do that to me. I always pick the right man." Bright was confident. "And you should know that no one would pay him better than I do."
	"Perhaps you should find a wife for him, then, may be you can keep Bill working for you for his lifetime?" Rose said jokingly.
	"Do you think I would maltreat him on the matter of his marriage? But as for his wife, it has to be someone he loves. What good would it be for me to pick someone for him?" Bright put one hand into his trousers pocket and he looked very handsome.
	"If you are not going to arrange it, then I am going to help him." Rose volunteered, "How can we go back on our words of helping him on this matter?"
	"Okay, you know a lot of girls." Bright nodded with satisfaction.
	"As for knowing girls, I don't think I can catch up with you." Rose raised her eyebrows.
	"Why are we talking about such kind of things now?" Bright could only pinch her cheek gently. "Although there are so many girls, you are the only one I love."
	"Oh, come on." Rose patted his hand off. "Let's go to see Marley now."
	Then Bright had been staying in the hospital and keeping Marley in company all the time. After receiving Bright's phone call, Bill came back at once, but because he was on holiday in an island abroad, so when he arrived at the hospital, it was already the next afternoon.
	"Mr. Lee, I have sorted out the documents you want and put them in your car." Bill and Bright were talking outside. "I heard that Marley has woken up. Is him all right now?"
	Upon hearing Bill's question, Bright was upset, "He is not very well."
	"Marley finally woke up, isn't that supposed to be the best thing?" Bill asked with bewilderment.
	"The doctor said it is a miracle that he woke up, but his body functions are failing, and he may use up his last strength at any time and then…" Bright said with a heavy tone. "The doctor said he had tried his best and there is nothing he can do now."
	The expression on Bill's face changed from happiness to shock, "How... how could this happen? Could be it a mistake?"
	"I hoped so…Why the fate is fooling me around?" Bright smiled bitterly and he still couldn't accept it. "So I can only rely on you to deal with the business of the company now."
	"Mr. Lee, it is my responsibility to do the works. I would take care of them and you can just stay here with Marley." Although Bill felt sorry for him from the bottom of his heart, he didn't show it for he knew that Mr. Lee would never need sympathy from others.
	"I have sent e-mails to experts at home and abroad, hoping there is hope for Marley." It was Bright's greatest wish now.
	"Mr. Lee, the world is big and there is always hope." Bill tried to encourage him.
	Bright stretched out his hand and patted Bill's shoulder. They understood each other well without another word.
	After Bill left, Bright went back to Marley's ward.
	The nurse was helping Marley to drink some water. Bright said to the nurse, "Leave it to me."
	The nurse handed the cup to him and left.
	After Marley had had enough water, Bright put the cup on the bedside table.
	"Marley, when the weather is good, we can go outside and sit in the sun." Bright was massaging Marley's arm.
	Marley tried to move his finger to hold Bright's hand, but it was a little hard for him.
	Bright felt him and took the initiative to hold his hand, "What's up?"
	Marley tried to say something, but he could only say it in a faint voice. Bright listened very carefully, "Are you saying that you are worrying about my work?"
	Marley blinked. Then Bright said to him, "It is all right. The company won't get into any trouble due to my leaving for a couple of days. And there is nothing particularly important in the company lately, so you don't have to worry about it. I have been working so hard in HY Group over the years. I rarely had any holidays except when I was married. I guess it is all right for me to take my annual leave, and I just want to spend more time with you now. "
	Marley just gave him a smile and didn't say anything.
	Then, Rose took Doris to the hospital.
	Doris was a little bit surprised when she saw that Marley was awake.
	She stood in front of the bed, and asked briskly, "Uncle Marley, did you just wake up from your sleep?"
	Marley blinked, and Bright interpreted it for his daughter.
	"Did he wake up because the princess gave him a kiss?" There were always those cute and innocent ideas in Doris mind.
	"What do you mean?" Bright asked.
	"I have read the story of the Sleeping Beauty. In the story, the beautiful princess was injured and felt into a deep sleep. Then she was kissed by the handsome prince entering the castle, and then she woke up. And they were married." Doris was impressed by the story. "Uncle Marley is also injured and felt into a deep sleep, but Uncle Marley is a handsome prince, so it makes sense that he woke up because he got a kiss from the beautiful princess."
	"It's just a fairy tale. Actually, your uncle was taken care of by doctors and nurses, and he woke up when he recovered from his injury." Bright explained it to his daughter.
	"Uncle Marley, please get better soon, so that you can play with me." Doris held out her small hands to hold the thumb of Marley.
	Marley moved his thumb and gently stroked her small hand, and nodded to her with a smile. Tears slowly welled up in his eyes.
	"Uncle Marley, what's wrong? Don't cry." Doris frowned, wondering if she had said anything wrong.
Chapter 513 Domestic Shame Should Not Be Made Public
	Although there were tears in Marley's eyes, he smiled more deeply. He liked Doris from the bottom of his heart.
	Maybe because they were related by blood, Marley felt like Doris was his own daughter, even though it was just the first time they met.
	He kept looking at Doris' small pink face and watery eyes.
	"Uncle Marley is not crying. He is happy and likes you." Rose told Doris gently.
	"I like Uncle Marley too," Doris bent over the bed and stared at Marley's straight nose, "Uncle Marley, I won't rush you. I'll play with you anyway. So, don't you cry. Mommy and Daddy say that it is ashamed for children to cry, so are adults."
	Marley was amused by Doris' childish words.
	Doris then poked her head and kissed Marley on his thin cheek, "Uncle Marley, although no beautiful princess kisses you, there is someone so lovely kisses you. Please stop crying, or you won't look handsome."
	Marley froze slightly after being kissed by Doris. Then, his eyes were full of laughter.
	He opened his mouth to speak brokenly with difficulty, trying to praise that Doris was the most beautiful princess.
	With Doris in the room, the whole ward was filled with laughter. Marley was so happy that the laughter eased all worries.
	Rose and Doris had dinner with Bright and Marley before leaving the hospital.
	When they left, Doris was loath to part with Marley and said she would visit him again.
	Seeing his brother's daughter in his lifetime and knowing that he had such a lovely niece, Marley had been satisfied and happy.
	In the evening, after Marley rested, Bright moved his laptop and files to the ward's parlor and began to work.
	He first checked the emails. A doctor had replied to him. What he said was almost the same as the doctors here said. Even though it was a euphemistic way of speaking, what he meant was that Marley could hardly survive.
	Bright had a headache. He leaned back into the sofa, closed his eyes, and raised his hand to rub his temples.
	Was there really no hope?
	This joke from God was too cruel.
	Even Bright, who had experienced a lot, could hardly accept it.
	He kept silent for a long time before starting to work. He was not sleepy at all. When he finished the work in hand. It was already at 2:00 a.m.
	He had thought his crazy work would make him tired and fall asleep quickly.
	However, he was still awake. But he had to rest, or he could not be spirited enough to stay with Marley during the day.
	Bright spent a week in the hospital with Marley, during which the most frequent visitors were Bill and Rose, and Francis.
	Francis knew nothing about Marley's condition and was still hoping his son would get better.
	Bright did not dare to tell Francis the bad news, fearing that Francis could not stand this blow at such an old age and in such a bad condition.
	This day, Serena came. She wore a scarf to cover the part below her nose. But Bright still noticed the bruise at the corner of her mouth. There were also bruises at the corners of her eyes that had not completely faded.
	"What's with the bruises on your face?" Bright asked as he sent Serena out of the room.
	Serena subconsciously raised her hand to touched the corners of her mouth, "I accidentally hit it when I went to the bathroom at night. I'm fine."
	Bright's eyes fell on Serena's wrist, where a bruise was conspicuous on her fair skin.
	He grabbed her wrist and pushed her sleeve up. There were a lot of deep and light bruises on the arm.
	Serena tried to withdraw her arm, but Bright held it tightly and wouldn't let go.
	He frowned slightly, staring at Serena's frightened face, "Did you also accidentally hit these?"
	Bright let go of her one and reached over to pull up her other hand to check it, which also had many bruises.
	"What the hell is going on here?" Bright pressed her, "Who bullied you? The Kim family? Or your husband's family?"
	The last time Bright saw Serena, he had thought she had something on her mind. But he didn't expect it would be something like this.
	Serena looked down, not daring to look at Bright's angry face, and just straightened her sleeves.
	"Do you think I can't know if you don't say anything?" Bright was angry with her silence, "Marley just asked me to take good care of you. If he knew you were being bullied like that, he wouldn't stand by and do nothing. Serena, sometimes concealing the truth is condoning others to continue to hurt you."
	Serena looked down. Tears rolled down her face, "It is... my husband."
	"Who exactly did you marry?" Bright still didn't know who her husband was.
	"The Simpson family of City L," Serena bit her lip.
	"The dissolute Foray of the Simpson family?" It was the only one Marley could guess.
	Serena acquiesced by not speaking.
	"Are you happy now?"
	Serena shook her head, "Who cares an illegitimate daughter like me? Do I deserve to be happy?"
	"Don't belittle yourself. You just married the wrong person. Everyone has the right to be happy. It's up to you if you're willing to fight for it." Bright comforted her, "Do you have any plans? I can help you."
	"I want to get a divorce. But neither the Simpson family nor the Kim family will agree." Serena wasn't confident in her heart, "I've mentioned it before. But all I got in return was more torture."
	"Although it is not good to destroy other's marriages, you may not want such a marriage. If you are determined, leave everything to me and I will do it." Bright also could not bear to see Serena deeply hurt like this and unable to get rid of the two families.
	"I've thought it over. I want a divorce." Serena's tone and her eyes were firm.
	"OK." Bright nodded, then called his personal lawyer and asked him to receive Serena tomorrow to talk about the details of the divorce.
	After the call, Bright explained the situation to Serena and told her to see Mr. Myles at nine o'clock tomorrow morning, "Don't worry. Mr. Myles is experienced in dealing with divorce cases. I won't let you be tortured by them anymore."
	"Bright, thank you." Serena's eyes were filled with tears in gratitude.
	"You're welcome. I'd like to thank you for coming to see Marley. He's very happy." Bright thought that Serena might be the only one among these people who remembered Marley.
	"I can't do anything for him. I can only see him and talk to him." Marley was Serena's god she looked up to in her heart, "By the way, did you find that person?"
	Bright knew who Serena was referring to. But he shook his head, "Marley woke up and didn't want to find him. Besides, Marley did lose his footing and fell."
	As the saying goes, domestic shame should not be made public. Even if he held a grudge against Hallie, he had a sense of propriety and knew what to say and what not to say.
Chapter 514 This Time, He Will Never Wake Up
	Today was the Saturday. It was a rare warm day when the sun was shining brightly.
	Rose arrived early at the hospital with Doris and brought a hearty breakfast for Bright and Marley.
	"Uncle Marley, here I am again." Doris, the little cutie, ran to Marley's bed, "Are you feeling better?"
	Marley nodded. His bright inky eyes seemed to be saying that he felt better after seeing her.
	"Marley, you look better today." Rose took the breakfast out and put it on the table.
	Bright came out of the bathroom, walked over and hugged Rose gently. The warmth and tacit understanding between the couple was unmistakable.
	"Now Doris sticks to Marley more than she does to me." Bright sat down on the sofa.
	"Are you jealous?" Rose handed him the chopsticks, her eyes filled with laughter.
	"I'm happy." Bright took the chopsticks and turned to look out the floor-to-ceiling window, "It's a nice day. I'll take Marley out for a walk at noon."
	"I am going to get the wheelchair and blanket ready." Rose said.
	Bright and his family spent the morning talking with Marley, reading to him. Doris showed Marley the children's songs and dances she had learned in the kindergarten.
	Marley called Doris by her name with difficulty, which surprised them.
	After lunch, it was the hottest of the day.
	Bright did a great job of keeping Marley warm by dressing him in a down jacket and putting on a hat and gloves.
	After years of being bedridden, Marley was very light. So, Bright could easily pick him up.
	Marley sat down in the wheelchair. Rose then put a cashmere blanket on his legs, "So you will not be cold."
	"Then let's go." Doris raised her right hand happily.
	"Let's go." Bright reached out and rubbed the top of Doris' hair.
	"Daddy, you mess my hair." Doris fixed her hair.
	The three adults looked at the cute girl and smiled. Doris was someone who brought joy to them.
	There was an artificial lake in the convalescent hospital. It was very shallow and had koi of all colors swimming in it.
	There were willow trees around the lake. It was winter now. So, the willow branches were a bit gray. But there were low evergreen right bushes. Besides, the fragrant Chimonanthus were already in bloom. The golden wax plum blossoms were like little golden suns.
	They circled the lake, smelled the flowers, and enjoyed the rare sunshine, breathing in the fresh air.
	"Let's go inside." Bright felt a slight breeze.
	Marley shook his head and said one word, "No..."
	He wanted to stay a little longer to see more of the place.
	He didn't want to stay in the ward all the time. He had stayed there too long.
	Bright and others just sat with him on the bench by the lake.
	"Marley, are you cold?" Bright pulled the blanket over his lap to cover him.
	"No..." Marley could only say single words, but what he said was clear, "want to... sit..."
	"OK." Bright nodded.
	"You guys sit here. I'll go get some fruit." Rose then took Doris and went to get fruit.
	Marley looked at the blue sky and the white clouds. There were pigeons passing by...
	"It's... nice." Today, Marley said a little more, and was in rare good spirits.
	Marley's fingertips trembled and wrote three words on the back of his hand, "Don't be sad..."
	"Marley..." Bright held the armrest in one hand with mixed feelings.
	Marley smiled, and wrote down four more words, "I want to rest."
	"OK. Just take a break. I'll be here with you all the time." Bright pulled the blanket up and covered him his chest, "Sleep..."
	Marley closed his eyes and leaned back against the wheelchair.
	Marley's head tilted to the left and his body tilted to Bright, his head resting on Bright's shoulder.
	Bright looked at the lake, through the lake and into the distance. He looked calm, but his eyes were deep and dark.
	Bright sat there motionless and let Marley rest on his shoulder.
	When Rose and Doris took the fruit and the juice over, they saw such a quiet and peaceful scene.
	She stood in front of Bright, who looked up at her. When their eyes met, their eyes spoke for themselves.
	"Don't talk. Marley is asleep. Don't wake him up." Bright gritted his teeth, "I want to stay with him a little longer."
	Rose sat down next to Bright and then held Doris. They sat next to Bright, not saying anything.
	Bright reached out his left arm and wrapped Rose's shoulders, holding them in his arms.
	Rose felt distressed, but didn't know what to do. The only thing she could do was stay with him.
	They sat in silence until the sun was covered and the cold wind blew. Bright felt cold in his body and heart.
	"Bright, shall I call the doctor?" Rose suggested. Sitting here like this was not a good idea.
	Bright remained expressionless, as if he was petrified.
	"I know you're upset. But Doris and I are always there with you. Bright, don't be like this. Marley won't want to see you like this..." Rose took his hand, only to find that his hand was so cold. "If you don't want to face it, then leave it to me."
	Bright felt the warmth from the skin of his hand. Then, he tilted his head and met Rose's worried gaze.
	He suppressed the raging pain inside and said in a husky voice, "I'll do it myself."
	"OK." Rose nodded.
	Bright carefully straightened Marley's body, so that Marley could lean against the wheelchair. He was sleeping peacefully and calmly. There was no pain on his face, as if he had known he was going to end up like this.
	Bright pulled the blanket up to cover Marley's face. His eyes were filled with tears and red, but he would not let himself cry weakly.
	Bright pushed Marley back to the ward, while Rose followed with Doris in her arms. They drew some attention and sympathy from others.
	Bright carried Marley from the wheelchair to the bed and put his remains in order as the informed doctors arrived.
	"...Mr. Bright, we're sorry."
	Bright took the white cloth and covered Marley.
	"Mom, what happened to Uncle Marley?" Doris asked in a whisper in Rose's arms.
	"Uncle Marley is asleep and will never wake up this time." Rose choked while saying each word. She couldn't hold back her tears.
	She even couldn't accept that Marley left them like this, let alone Bright, who grew up with him.
	He must have suffered as much as she had lost her grandfather.
Chapter 515 We Should Learn to Treasure
	Marley's body was transferred to Mount Pearl First Funeral Home in City J. The mourning hall was also arranged quickly.
	The layout of the hall was mainly white roses, which was elegant and warm. In the center of the hall was a huge picture of Marley wearing a cream suit.
	In the photo, Marley was stately and handsome. His warm smile had the power to heal people.
	Marley always kept a low profile. So, Bright did not want to be high-profile, and did not invite anyone.
	But from tomorrow, they would open it for two days, from 2 p.m. to 5 p.m, for relatives and friends to come to mourn. There would be a small farewell service for the family on the third day, and then they would cremate him and bury him.
	Francis almost fainted on the spot when he received the news of Marley's death. Fortunately, Hallie and Stefan were with him and comforted him.
	However, Bright, who handled Marley's death, was as calm as he was when he handled Rose's grandfather's death.
	The only thing Rose could do was stay with him until Marley was buried in the family cemetery on the third day.
	The family cemetery was located in a place with fantastic geomantic omen. Fronting river and with a hill at the back, it was like a fairyland on earth.
	It was raining on the day of Marley's burial, as if God was also sad for the loss of such an excellent man as Marley.
	Bright stood in front of Marley's grave with a big black umbrella. Rose stood behind him and stayed with him silently.
	There were white flowers in front of the black tombstone. Each flower was more beautiful after being washed by the rain.
	It was only when it rained harder that Bright turned and took Rose's hand, "Let's go."
	They walked out of the cemetery and met Serena at the gate. She was standing in the rain and dressed in black, holding a bouquet of white roses in her arms.
	The rain had drenched her and the flowers.
	Rose rushed forward and opened the umbrella in her hand to keep the raindrops off Serena, "Serena, you'll catch a cold."
	"They won't let me in to see Marley," Serena's eyes were red and she cried in pain.
	"I'll tell the security guard here that you can go in anytime you want to see Marley." Bright gave Serena his promise.
	"Thanks, Bright," Serena smiled through tears, "I'll go see him then. I have a lot to say to him."
	Rose pulled the hurried Serena and shoved the umbrella into her hand, "Take it and take care of yourself."
	Serena took the umbrella, smiled gratefully and then left.
	Bright put the umbrella over Rose's head and took her shoulders. Rose sighed, "Fate always fools people. If only Marley and Serena could be together."
	"There is no if in this world... So, we must learn to treasure." Bright turned around with her, "Let's go."
	Bright and Rose went to the apartment where Marley lived before he died to pack his things.
	Francis intended to take all of Marley's things back to the Lee family's villa and put them in his room.
	Looking at the things that belonged to Marley, Bright felt like Marley had never left them.
	"Bright, who do you think is the woman holding the baby in this picture?" Rose found a photo in the drawer of Marley's bedroom.
	Bright took the photo and looked at it. The yellow photo showed a woman sitting on an antique chair. She was wearing a dark green cheongsam with ink and lotus pattern. Her young face was beautiful. She was gently smiling and had an outstanding temperament.
	She held the little baby sitting on her lap with both hands, and the baby was smiling brightly.
	"This baby is Marley. This woman looks so familiar..." Bright could not remember for a moment.
	He turned the photo over and saw the word "Mom" written on the back, which was Marley's handwriting.
	"This woman is our mother?" Bright felt there was too much information. This was the first time he had seen a picture about his mother.
	"I feel she looks like someone." Rose recalled carefully, but was always unable to remember it when it mattered, "But now there's a photo. If you want to know who she is, you can look it up."
	"She's gone anyway. So, there's no need." Bright put the photo in the storage box, "I'm not interested in her either."
	Bright didn't remember anything about his mother. His affection for her was not as deep as Marley, who he grew up with.
	They packed up all things and went back to the Lee family.
	Francis was devastated by Marley's death. So, he was depressed for a few days and always lay on bed to rest.
	When Bright went to see Francis, he ran into Hallie, who had fed Francis the soup.
	Hallie was carrying a tray and met Bright. She was a little embarrassed, "Don't worry. I will leave the Lee family. But I can't leave at ease until your father is better."
	Bright said nothing and went into Francis' room.
	"Bright, I am old and Marley is gone. You are the only backbone of our family." Francis pulled Bright, "If anything happens to me, please take care of Hallie, Stefan and Zoe. You and Rose should have a few more kids. Doris is too lonely."
	"Dad, don't say that. The doctor said you should get some rest." Bright knew that Marley's death was a heavy blow to his father, "Marley also hopes you to be okay. For his sake, please get well."
	Bright talked a lot more with Francis and told him to take it easy and get well, and that he would handle everything.
	When Bright came out and saw Rose and Hallie talking in the living room, he walked to them and Hallie stood up.
	"Hallie, please take good care of my father. Thank you." Bright's tone was slightly hard.
	"That is what I should do." Hallie faintly smiled, "You and Rose just work and don't worry. I will do it."
	"Marley is gone. You and my dad have been married for so many years... I don't want to pursue the past." Bright did not want to stir things up. Besides, even if Hallie left, it could not change anything, "I will leave my dad and this home to you. This is your home, too."
	Bright could see that Hallie was devoted to Francis, not just a vain person who wanted the Lee family's wealth.
	He didn't want Francis to know the truth about what had happened. If Francis knew that he might have been an accomplice in "hurting" his eldest son, how upset he would be? He would not be able to bear it.
	It would be better to let this matter be buried forever and not mentioned by anyone.
	Francis was now suffering from a blow and in poor health. He could no longer withstand more blows. Maybe this was the best choice, which could make the family complete and better.
	Hallie stared at Bright in a daze. Suddenly, her nose twitched and she smiled with relief, "I will not let you down."
	Rose was also happy to see that the family was happy and the unpleasantness had dissipated.
	Everything seemed to be going in the right direction.
	When it was the first seven days after Marley's death, Bright and Rose went to see Marley, but accidentally met the woman.
Chapter 516 She Is Their Biological Mother
	Bright and Rose left after seeing Marley. But they had left something behind. So, they turned back and saw a woman dressed in black standing in front of Marley's grave crying.
	When she found Bright and Rose, she wanted to hide. But it was too late. Bright and Rose were all shocked when they saw them.
	"Ms. May... what are you doing here?" Rose looked at May who was in tears and felt strange.
	"Bright, Rose..." May raised her lips, "I heard Mr. Marley passed away. So, I came to see him."
	"This is our family's cemetery. Outsiders are not allowed to enter. How did you get in, Mrs. Tanner? Don't tell me you bribed the security guards. They won't be bribed. Euan has been working here for decades and is very loyal to the Lee family." Bright's sharp eyes were fixed on May.
	"I... I..." May was questioned by Bright. Words failed her.
	Rose walked to May, "May, how did you get in?"
	"I just got in when the security guard didn't notice." May made an excuse.
	Bright sneered and took out his cell phone to call the security guards, "Euan, come here."
	May's face turned white when she heard that Bright asked Euan to come over. Rose felt May's hands get colder.
	"May, are you all right?" Rose said with concern.
	May shook her head, "Since I've seen him, I'll go first."
	"Mrs. Tanner, since you're here, why don't you stay a little longer?" Bright had his hands in his pockets and his eyes were cold.
	May felt Bright's intense stare and the pressure from him, which forced her to look down and not dare to look Bright straight in the eye.
	Her hands were lightly clasped together. Although she looked calm, she was in a mess inside.
	Euan soon came to the cemetery. When he saw May was with Bright and Rose, he could not help but slow down.
	Euan walked over and knew he did something wrong, "Mr. Bright, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have let anyone in privately."
	"Tell me why you let her in, and I'll forgive you for your misconduct this time." Bright frowned. His tone was calm, but could not be ignored.
	Euan glanced at May, "This lady begged me so hard. So, I went soft. Mr. Bright, it was my fault. Please punish me."
	"Do you think I'll believe you after you say that?" Bright sneered and his eyes wandered between them, "I'm afraid this is something you have conspired to say. Don't take me like a fool!"
	"Mr. Bright, I don't dare!" Euan looked down.
	"You've done this. Don't you dare?" Bright's deep eyes were stern, "You are fired."
	"Mr. Bright, please forgive me for once. It's my fault. Please don't fire me." Euan panicked when he heard he was going to be fired, "I've been working here for over forty years. The Lee family treats me well, Mr. Bright..."
	He worked here. He could take a month's leave after a month's work and shifted with another person. Besides, the salary was not worse than what those white-collar got. The work was easy, and the Lee family would give them red envelope and gifts at every festival and at New Year. It was a rarely good job.
	"Euan, I have given you the opportunity. But you refused to tell the truth. Why should I keep you?" Bright looked at Euan, "It's useless to find my dad. I am the owner of the Lee family."
	Euan's legs went weak and he almost fell down.
	He could only look at Rose, "Mrs. Lee, I really didn't mean it. Please don't let Mr. Bright fire me. I need this job. If I am fired, how can I find a job at my age?"
	Rose looked at Euan who was begging her. She sympathized with him, but could not indulge, "Euan, I'm sorry. I can't help you. You must know the rules here better than I do. But you break them purposely. How can I help you?"
	"Euan, you can leave now. I will let another one take the job." Bright didn't give him a chance anymore.
	Euan looked up at May who didn't say a word. He was hesitant, not knowing whether to say.
	"Bright, don't fire Euan. It's all my fault." May did not want to drag Euan to lose his job, "I will tell you whatever you want to know, as long as you do not fire Euan. This is my condition."
	"If you're so cooperative early, nothing will happen. Does it make sense to act like that?" Bright did this to force one of them to tell the truth, "As long as you are telling the truth, I can let it go."
	"I..." May choked after just saying a word. Tears streamed down her cheeks.
	Euan sighed and told the truth, "Mr. Bright, Mrs. Tanner is Mr. Marley and your biological mother. You shouldn't do this to her."
	Bright and Rose froze on the spot. There was shock in their eyes. They could not believe that May was Bright's mother.
	No wonder they thought the woman in that photo looked familiar. It turned out to be the young May. She had changed a lot now.
	"Impossible! My dad said my mother had passed away. Now, you're telling me she's still alive and become the hostess of the Tanner family in City H?" Bright asked sarcastically and stared at May, "Do you think I will believe that?"
	May's tears flowed even more heavily. She raised her hand to cover her mouth, keeping herself from crying out.
	"Mr. Bright, you may not believe it, but it's the truth. Otherwise, I wouldn't have made an exception and let Mrs. Tanner in. After all, she is Mr. Marley's mother." Euan was also helpless.
	"Why didn't she come to see Marley when she was alive? Now, Marley is dead and she comes to recognize him as her son? Do you think I would recognize such a mother?" Bright's eyes were slightly red, "Our mother died long ago."
	"Bright, I know you must hate me. But your father and I had a deal. I had wanted to take you or Marley with me after our divorce. But I could not take anyone with me from a rich family like the Lee family. Besides, I had to promise your father and grandparents to disappear from you guys' world and never to recognize you. So, they told you I wasn't alive.
	I missed you and Marley every day, but I couldn't see you or recognize you. When I first saw you in City H, do you know how happy I was and how heartbroken I was? My son was in front of me. But I couldn't recognize him! Who understands such a pain? I can only come to see my own son after no one is here..." May said a lot in one breath, her eyes already red from crying.
	"I'm not asking for your forgiveness. It is okay if you do not recognize me. But in my heart, I love you. It's just that the reality doesn't allow me to love you openly. You can just think that your mother is dead. Well, I've seen Marley. I should go now."
Chapter 517 Congratulations on Being a Father Again
	May looked so sad as she turned and left.
	"Stop!" Bright took a deep breath. "I don't care why you and Dad were separated, but you are the reason why my brother is lying here. If it were not for the loss of maternal love, he would not have ruined his life!"
	"But you have a new family in City H. You live a happy, but my brother's life was ruined. Should he spend his life like this? I hate you for doing this to my beloved brother! You don't care about him. All you care about is your family and your son!"
	"Sky, right? I'm pretty free lately and I want to play games. I want to see how long the Tanner Group can survive and I want to know how heartbroken you'll be to see your beloved son live a miserable life!"
	"Bright, no!" May said sadly, "This is between your Dad and me. It has nothing to do with the Tanner family! If it hadn't been for Sam, I don't think I'd be alive now, neither will I see you grow up! Sky is not just my son. He's your brother and Marley's brother! You won't hurt your brother, will you?"
	"He's only your son! I only have one brother!" Bright denied what May said.
	"Bright, hate me if you want. Don't give them a hard time." May begged him.
	"Let the son pay his mother's debt!" said Bright coldly.
	"You are my son, too." May's heart ached. She did not want to see her sons become enemies.
	"I'm not!" Bright denied it. He couldn't accept it. "Go away! I don't want to see you! Never!"
	"Ms. May, you'd better go home. I'll be with him." Rose knew that Bright was in a bad mood, so she said to Euan, "Euan, take Ms. May away."
	Euan took May away, leaving Bright and Rose here.
	Bright stood on spot with a sullen look. His eyes were stagnant, and Rose could feel he was very depressed.
	No one could bear to hear such kind of news. The mother he thought had passed away appeared, but she had never recognized him as her son until now. That was like being abandoned.
	"Bright, calm down." Rose could feel that his skin was tensed. "I know it is hard for you to accept, but it did happen and we have to learn to accept it. Ms. May also has her difficulties, otherwise how can she not love her children?"
	"And Ms. May is right. It has nothing to do with the Tanner family. They are not the one who set your parents apart."
	"Stop it." Bright held back his anger and didn't want to vent it out on her. "Just stay away from me now, OK?"
	He was afraid that he would lose control, and that he would do something irrational and hurt her.
	"Then let's go home," Rose said.
	"You go first." Bright turned his back on her. "I want to stay here with my brother. Leave me alone."
	Rose turned and left. He really needed time and space to cool off now.
	Rose waited for Bright in the security room Euan poured her a cup of tea. Bright didn't come out until the tea had cooled off for a long time.
	She hurried forward, said nothing, and left the cemetery with Bright.
	That night, Bright smoked a lot, which he hadn't done for a long time.
	"Dad, smoking is bad for your health. Here is apple juice. Drink some." Doris held the cup in front of Bright and her cute face made Bright's cold heart feel warm.
	Bright took the cup and put it down, holding Doris in his arms.
	"Dad, you hold me so tight that I can hardly breathe." Doris found her father was different today. "Is there something on your mind?"
	Bright released her, took a sip of apple juice and said, "Let's go. It's too late now."
	Bright stayed with his daughter to get her back to sleep.
	He had been feeling a little down these days. Rose knew he was in a bad mood, so she treated him with carefulness and tried not to disturb him.
	Until one day Sky came to visit them, and only Rose was at home.
	"How's Ms. May? Did you know everything now?" Rose, guess.
	"My mother blames herself a lot. She got sick since she came home last time." Sky looked at the cup of hot tea on the coffee table in front of him, "I didn't think Mr. Lee and I would be the half-brother. No wonder he could save me. And you had his child by accident. It's so ridiculous that you're my sister-in-law."
	"Mr. Tanner, don't get yourself related to my family!" Bright's voice came, looking coldly at Sky. "Who let you in?"
	"Bright, it's me." Rose stood up.
	"See the guest off, Peter." Bright didn't want Sky to stay here.
	"Bright, be nice." Rose reminded him not to lose his grace.
	Bright didn't listen to her. Peter made a gesture of asking Sky to leave.
	"I wouldn't have come here to meet you if it wasn't for my mother. I hope you can have a look at the things I have brought. Although she has been with me all the time when I grew up, she has never forgotten you and your brother, and her love for you is not less than me. If you are going to make things hard for her, just come at me. I'm not afraid of you!" said Sky.
	When Sky left, Rose walked to Bright, "Being angry is not good for your health."
	"No one can stand in the way of me and them," Bright said faintly.
	"I'm not trying to convince you." Rose stared at the things on the table and said, "Look at them if you want to, or throw them away if you don't. But I want you to give yourself a chance."
	One day, Bright forgot to bring a document and went back home and he happened to hear some noise from the bathroom.
	He went over and saw Rose, who was throwing up. She looked pale and uncomfortable.
	"Are you ill?" Bright put the document away and hurried over to her. He supported Rose and looked grim, "I will take you to the hospital."
	Rose grabbed him and threw her head back, looking at him with her bright eyes, "I thought you don't care about me."
	"How come? Don't think too much." Bright picked her up and said, "Sorry that I neglected you these days."
	"I understand you, so I accept your apology." Rose wrapped around his neck. "I'm not sick. I have good news for you."
	Bright was confused.
	Rose whispered to his ear coyly, "Congratulations, Mr. Lee. You are going to have another baby."
	Bright's eyes rested on her lower abdomen, which was flat and showed no sign of pregnancy.
Chapter 518 She Could not Deceive Herself
	Bright couldn't believe it, but he was very happy.
	"Really?" Bright finally smiled. He had been down for a long time.
	"Yes," Rose said. "The doctor said it has been more than two months. The baby is healthy."
	Bright took Rose to the sofa and sat her on his knees. He held her tight in his arms and kissed her. "I'm sorry, I'm not a good husband."
	He didn't know she was pregnant for more than two months, and he hadn't done his duty to accompany her to the hospital for check-up.
	He reproached himself for his carelessness and felt guilty about not taking good care of Rose.
	"Well, don't blame yourself." Rose took his hand and said, "You've got tortured these days. Your eldest brother passed away and it turns out that Ms. May is your mother... All these things are too much for anyone to bear at once, so I can understand you. And I know you want your mother to love you as much as your brother does."
	"You're afraid to accept the truth, but the truth is that Ms. May really loves you. She had an unhappy marriage with your father, and divorce might be a way out. She couldn't fight against the Lee family alone and took any of you away. She also felt sad about it. If one day we also have to divorce, do you think that the Lee family would agree to lose Doris or the baby in my belly?"
	Bright grasped her shoulders and said seriously, "We'll never divorce. I'll never agree to a divorce."
	"I was just joking." Rose laughed at his earnestness.
	"You can't joke about that. I want both you and the children." This was his bottom line. No one was going to set them apart. "If you want to leave, the children and me are with you."
	"Bright, I know you are sad, but I don't want your heart to be occupied by hatred. I want your heart full of love, to love me, to love the children, and to love this family. It is better to love than to hate. People are happier when they love. Hatred only makes you unhappy. And I don't want to see you unhappy." Rose fingered his handsome face. "If you're not happy, I won't be happy, and this family won't be happy either."
	"Rose, I know I was wrong." Bright cupped her face and looked apologetically, "I'm sorry. I won't do this again. Having you and the children by my side is my greatest joy. Nothing else is more important than you."
	"Promise me to be happy every day."
	"Okay."
	Bright lowered his head and kissed Rose's lips. She closed her eyes, feeling his tenderness. All his love was shown in this kiss and she was the apple of his eyes.
	Later, Bright read the diaries brought by Sky, on which May recorded her leaving of the Lee family and her solicitude towards Bright and his brother in these years. There were also some newspaper clippings from magazines and newspapers, as well as photos of the two brothers.
	Seeing this, how could Bright hate her anymore?
	He forgave his mother and everything went back to happy ending.
	Rose shared the good news with Nora that she was pregnant.
	And everything went well with Nora.
	It took Nora half a year to put Nathan in prison, and he was sentenced to 20 years.
	The Mills Family tried their best to reduce the life sentence to 20 years so that Nathan didn't have to die.
	Naturally, the Mills family could find out that Nora was behind Lillian's back, so they saw Nora as a thorn and wanted to get rid of her.
	When driving on the road for some time, Nora found that the brake of her car failed, and she could not stop on the downward twisting mountain road. Moreover, the speed was getting faster and faster, and she was about to lose control and rush down the mountain road. Nora was sweating and wet with fear, but no matter how she stamped the brake, it wouldn't work.
	It didn't matter that she was dead, but she didn't want to see anything happen to her seven-month-old baby.
	When she was at a loss, a black Mercedes transverse blocked in front of her. The two cars had a violent collision, stopping her running out of the mountain fence, but the black Mercedes rolled over.
	The windshield shattered as Nora looked through the broken glass at the car ahead, and she could vaguely see the man in the driver's seat. She wanted to make sure who he was, but the pain in her stomach caused her to lose consciousness and fall into the darkness.
	When Nora woke up, she was in the hospital, and her hand touched the belly, which had flattened.
	"Nora, you're awake. You almost scared the shit out of me." Alan looked very nervous. "I'm glad you're fine."
	Nora grabbed Alan's arm, her eyes wide with fear, and her voice quavered, "Alan, where's my baby?"
	"Because the placenta had come off, the doctors had to take the baby..."
	"Ah..." Nora covered her ears and refused to listen, with tears filling her eyes. "No, my child will be fine!"
	"Yes, the baby is fine, but he was born premature. It's only more than seven months old, so he is weak and needs to stay in the incubator." Alan put her hands down. "You and the baby are all right."
	"Really?" Her eyes sparkled with tears.
	"I never lied to you," Alan smiled gently.
	Nora was relieved that the baby was fine, otherwise she didn't know how to accept the fact.
	Suddenly, Nora remembered another thing, and she looked grim. "Who saved me?"
	Alan was silent and looked away after hearing that.
	"Is it Oca? It was he, right?" The moment before she lost consciousness, Nora saw him and remembered that his face was covered with red blood. "How is he?"
	"He is badly injured and is still in surgery," Alan told the truth.
	Nora immediately pulled back the covers and tried to get out of bed, but the pain in her abdomen caused her to hold back. "I want to see him," she said.
	"You haven't recovered yet. You can't move now." Alan put his hand on her shoulder. "I'll let you know as soon as I get his news."
	"Alan, don't stop me." Nora insisted on seeing Oca. "I have to see him."
	"Do you have to treat yourself like this for him?
	You're still injured from a C-section!" Alan lowered his voice.
	"He saved me and my children, otherwise I would have gone down the hill and died!" Nora now still felt fear at the thought of that critical time.
	When she saw Oca, she felt heartbroken, other than joyous. It was so painful that she could not breathe.
	She couldn't deceive herself. She was concerned about him.
	"Go to see him after you have more rest, and Hazel is taking care of him. You can rest assured." Alan showed no sign of letting her go.
	Nora pulled down his hand and stood up, regardless of the wounds on her body. She endured the pain, even if every step was torturing, she persisted to go to see Oca.
	Alan stared at her. "When Mr. Moore was unconscious, he kept calling your name. What happened between you? I don't want to be suspicious, but why did he call you instead of Hazel?"
Chapter 519 Sorry, I Love You
	When Nora heard this, she stopped walking. Her face became pale, and her chest felt strangely moved and warm.
	She looked slowly back into Alan's deep eyes. There were too many questions in his eyes.
	"Alan, I'm sorry." Nora pressed her bloodless lips and her eyes getting hot and humid. "I want to see him."
	"Don't forget that Hazel is Mr. Moore's girlfriend. I am afraid Hazel would give you hard time." Alan strode over to her. Her forehead was wet with sweat from the pain. "I'll go with you."
	"No. I can handle it myself." Nora didn't want to put Alan between her and Hazel anymore.
	"Nora, whatever the future is, at least for now I'm still your husband and you're my wife." Alan helped her into the wheelchair that had been set aside. "I don't feel ease for you being alone."
	"Thank you." Nora felt that she could not repay Alan for his affection. "I'm sorry."
	"Don't say that." Alan pushed her to Oca's room. "I did it of my own free will. Don't think too much."
	Nora held back her tears. She took deep breaths, trying to calm herself down. She crossed her fingers, and prayed that Oca could be fine.
	Alan pushed her to the operating room, and Nora saw Hazel sitting in a chair outside the operating room.
	She bowed her head and crosse her hands as if in prayer for Oca.
	When she heard the footsteps, she turned over and saw Alan and Nora. Her eyes fell on Nora's face with resentment.
	Then the door of the operating room was pushed open and someone was pushed out, covered with a white cloth.
	Both Hazel and Nora burst into tears.
	"No... no." Nora couldn't believe what she was seeing. "That's impossible."
	Alan supported Nora, saying "You're pregnant. You can't cry, you know? It would hurt your eyes."
	The more he said this, the harder Nora cried. "I would rather not have my eyes if only he could be alive..."
	"Nora, you killed him! It's you!" Hazel walked over to Nora and wanted to slap her. But Alan stopped her. "Hazel, calm down. He's dead and it's no use wishing him alive again. Mr. Moore was willing to help Nora."
	"Alan, you still protect her? She's not worth it!" Hazel glared at her brother.
	"Sister!" Alan was angry.
	"Don't say you don't suspect her relationship with Oca, or why does Oca keep calling her name?" Hazel's eyes were red again. "You know what I feel when I hear that? Every time he calls your name, my heart is like being cut by a knife!"
	"Hazel, I'm sorry. I'm really sorry," Nora kept apologizing.
	"Oh, so you admit you have an affair with Oca? But what's the use of apology?" Hazel bellowed. "Of all the men in the world, why did you seduce Oca? Isn't my brother good enough for you? How can you be so shameless? You are already pregnant with my brother's child. You are my sister-in-law. How could you steal my boyfriend?"
	Nora didn't say anything against Hazel. She just let Hazel scold her.
	"Hazel, that's enough!" Alan could not listen to Hazel any longer. "It's all your speculation. Maybe Mr. Moore was concerned about Nora so he called her name."
	"He's dead. How do you know that? Alan, you still deceive yourself?" Hazel looked at Nora with hate.
	"What are you shouting at!?"
	Then the operating room opened again, and the person being pushed out was Oca, with a white gauze wrapped around his forehead. There were some injuries on his body.
	It was a surprise. They had all made a mistake. And they all felt grateful to see Oca was still alive.
	Oca's anesthetics were still in effect, and he was transferred to VIP ward for observation.
	Nora did not follow, but wept with joy.
	The first thing Oca asked when he woke up was, "How is Nora?"
	"She's dead." Hazel snapped.
	Oca instinctively wanted to get out of bed, but the small movement tugged at his wound, causing him to exhale in pain. His eyes turned red, and he didn't believe what she said.
	Hazel watched Oca do this and cried, "Why?"
	"What?"
	"You kept calling Nora's name when you were unconscious. You and she..." But Oca interrupted her, "Hazel, let's break up, I'm sorry."
	Hazel sat there, sneering. "Fine, but I want to know why."
	"The one I love is Nora," Oca finally admitted.
	"Will Nora love you too? She's my brother's wife. They already have a kid. Do you know what you're talking about?"
	"I've loved her since she was eighteen. I've loved her for eight whole years. I thought I hated her to the core, but at the moment of her accident I found that I have always loved her!"
	The door was pushed open and Nora was standing in the doorway. Oca's eyes began to tear up as he saw her standing alive in front of the door.
	With tears in her eyes, Nora made her way to Oca. "Who are you?"
	"I am whoever you wish me to be." Oca looked at Nora, and his cold face finally became gentle.
	"Oscar." Nora threw herself at his bedside. "Is it really you?"
	"It's me." Oca nodded heavily. "I'm back."
	Nora burst into tears, letting out all her grievances and solicitude towards him for so many years.
	"Sorry, I love you." Tears welled up in Oca's eyes.
	Alan felt his heart broken and he took Hazel out of the room.
	Nora finally learned that Oscar wasn't dead that year.
	It turned out that he was not the son of the Stevens family, but the illegitimate son of the Moore family in Country M. Since the only son of the Moore family died of illness, the Moore family wanted to take him back. He just wanted to be with Nora instead of going back. However, he didn't expect the fire and almost died from it. However, he was saved by the Moore family's bodyguard who had been following him all the time. They faked his death and let the Stevens family keep it secret.
	Then Oscar went to Country M. He came back to take revenge on Nora for marrying into a rich family, so he started dating Hazel. However, he still fell in love with Nora again.
	A week later, Oca's injury improved.
	Alan had signed the divorce agreement and put it next to Nora's pillow. He chose to give up and wish them happiness this time.
	"Go with me to Country M. Then the Mills Family won't dare to touch you." Oca held her fingers and rubbed them. "Nora, forgive me."
	Nora lowered her head to kiss him. She showed him the answer with her action that she had forgiven him.
	Believe in love, and happiness will be around the corner.
	(The End)
